So disappointed in wwe summerslam! I want to see john cena wins his 16th title 
That sucks if you have to take the SATs tomorrow 
Amy Schumer sat down with The Hollywood Reporter and opened up about the sexist remarks and unnecessary criticism she's faced since 
@user how the hell does every one else get to keep their religious and 1st amnt rights, except Christians!!! This is just wrong!!!" 
Thanks manager for putting me on the schedule for Sunday" 
Amazon prime is literally a lie....I ordered a book LAST MONDAY &amp; it still isn't here. do better @user 
Who the hell moshes at Matt and Kim?? Next time watch out for my face, mofos! My cheekbones better not be purple tomorrow. @user 
Mario Williams is catching hell! He will be Exposed on Sunday... Not like Buffalo don't see him 4 who he is Already! 
"Kris Bryant hurt, Joe Maddon ejected in today's Cubs game, and it's only the 6th inning. 
My mom's over here tryna tell me that we're taking the CAHSEE tomorrow ._. Nigga it's only the second month of school.. #SlowYourRoll 
ECHO: Sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences #Dorset 
Your inspirational quotes on twitter/Feb never really got to me. But oh damn ur pics of them on IG have truly inspired me. #idiots" 
Q_Q Today was the day that Naruto shippuden: UNS4 was suppose to come out. WHYYYYYYY DID THEY PUSH IT ALL THE WAY TO JAN???? HELLO 
@user I’m sick with something ill be at school on Monday though 
@user Also, his anger against Hindus are justified but couldn't get why he was so anti Islam..may be he was just fed up of religions" 
"If you put one over the plate he's gonna fuck you up  Called it, Kris Bryant with his 21st" 
"""Hey, you’re missing Beauty and the Beast, Vampire Diaries & Grey’s Anatomy right now on TV. Saturday is Merlin"" - @user #sisterlife" 
I noticed all the Huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday, particularly when he assisted Bale for the 1st goal #THFC 
Yakub death may be unfortunate bt we shud respect SC's decision n not vitiate atmosphere in the name of religion #YakubToHang #YakubVerdict 
The pics were taken on a 2004 Nokia, and it's really blurry and may induce cataracts. Just a heads up. 
"Wrap-up: Broncos 34, Saints 14:  Thoughts on the New Orleans Saints' 34-14 loss to the Denver Broncos on Sunday ... 
@user Hi, I have a sneaking suspicion Barack Obama and Sarah Palin may be part of the DKEU. Can you find out, please? 
The verse of Kendrick Lamar on Black Friday.. Listen to that shit with a notebook 
"Oomf is gay. He may not know it yet, but I do lol" 
Yes it is. Bori practitioners have survived by not attempting to abandon Islam. So they blend in easily. 
AirAsia aborts deal to buy Indonesia's Batavia Air - Southeast Asia's top budget carrier AirAsia said Monday it has ... 
Something may be slightly amiss in the NFL when Tim Tebow &amp; Devon Still are cut &amp; Tom Brady is allowed to play. 
Muslims will assist Muslims into high positions in the UK.....I think we may be fucked guys..... 
My little brother comes home with nike elite socks and jordans, when i was in 6th grade i got wilson socks and clearance shoes from Olympia 
" religious liberty" is defined as religion that Bobby Jindal &amp; Huckabee approve of. Read the constitution! 
Amazon Prime day is like going on the 3rd date with a gal, and when you finally get her panties off she got a dick! 
@user May you please show How To Rock from episode 1 and so on.....i cant blieve theres no more how to rock 
Now I kinda regret not going to Bolder on Friday.  #fuckme 
@user 25 March 1972: An IRA volunteer was killed when two IRA units engaged each other in error on the Springfield Road in Belfast.?? 
@user most if not all of the sept 11th terrorists were from saudi arabia. they are part of the problem. 
Jets over spent on Decker and sat back like he was Aaron Rodgers 
@user the Charlie Hebdo killers were French, so there's a high possibility these are French too. May as well just shoot everyone..." 
@user he promised to take me to Milan on Saturday but he didn't step up, hence why he's a fuckboy" 
Planned Parenthood admits it manipulates rules on fetal organ sales to maximize profit - Washington Times 
@user may I have an industrial revolution code for my pre-order of Bioshock Infinite? I got one from the store but cant redeem. 
Cowboys game this sunday and I dont even like the cowboys lol 
Hillary whacker @user rehashes the same article he wrote 6 weeks ago. NOT ONE new fact in Sept 7 piece. 
@user Bummed We don't get to see Arrow until Saturday because of the Chicago Bulls game. 
why is Chris Bosh so fuckin’ ugly -__- the world may never know. 
"RT @user Sanchez didn't know Plax would sneak in for a play yesterday. """"I wish I would have hit him,"""" he said. Got pressured by D #nyj" 
"Live:Supreme Court approved the death warrant,Yakub will be hanged tomorrow at 7 am in Nagpur Jail@PranabMukherjee@PMNarendraModi" 
explosive resistant passports!!! Charlie Hebdo shootings left ID card in the car. 9/11 plane hijacker's passports found. Paris c'mon. 
If you think Nicki's ass is more than 1/8th real you are fuuucked 
Rick Perry a certified moron  - he's the real "cancer" to use his words - not Trump  via @user 
@user obama's goal is to lead us into 3rd world status, so you're absolutely right, ""obama doesn't care""" 
Yeah well done dickhead so the IRA and KKK are Muslim #narrowmindedprick  
"Dear Naked Cyclists, I will not support your campaign if you are putting your sweaty bits on Boris Bikes! 
Who’s on First? 1st down & goal or Ready, Set, Debate? Who is big ratings winner tonight?  - sadly The Bachelor would probably beat all 
always pull the gay card cause some exgirlfriends are fucking nuts 4th one in a week 
Hillary gets emotional over talking about her mother -  tomorrow #MorningJoe will call her a fake. @user 
"MYSA has closed the Laurel Point fields, due to the weather conditions. All sessions there on Monday are canceled. :(" 
This is only the 4th time wearing my Concords 
Fuck it,  might go see Reggie tomorrow ... 
Harry's touched both lima and niall's dicks(in public) i think he keeps forgetting about the 4th member 
ESPN's Chris Mortensen reported that the #Browns fear SLB Scott Fujita's career may be over due to a neck injury. @user 
@user Yes, and Cruz is scheming to shut down the gov't in Nov. over Planned Parenthood funding. 
@user they haven't do that right after the February attacks, against Charlie Hebdo do you remember ?" 
Just been told by west-point cop that dixie wont be open till friday, Morning or night he wasn’t sure yet. 
Regardless of whether they are Muslims. I don't understand the French mayor who says he'll only accept Christians:( 
Need someone to get the April/May Kris Bryant back to Chicago because his at bats are getting worse 
@user Erdogan is a pure nutcase, we all should've seen this a coming, Kick Turkey out of Nato. May God Bless the people of Kurdistan 
Villagers reported 15 persons killed on Tuesday night as Boko Haram fighters returns to the village 
O. Johnson commits his 3rd foul! He’s cold off the bench with 3 fouls and a turnover in Q4. #Pacers losing 98-87, 4:52 left. 
"Justin Bieber u may have cool music now but I swear to God if you offer me one more piece of unsolicited ""sage"" advice" 
@user @user The CEO of IBM may think someone is an idiot but he can't say it. 
To whom this may concern:  Please get your shit together before you talk about somebody else   Love, Paris 
@user Yo dicko!! It was pure sectarian bigotry from the IRA councillor which started this in the 1st place !! 
The worst: the girl stabbed in the Pride parade has died   
Seems fraud Baghdadi's desperate with cheap shot against Israel because he can't get Muslim support for his 'state' 
@user I was supposed to go to the 30 Rock on Monday so I could buy some NBC stuff, but my brothers were tired and we had to go home :( 
I was going to move to Siberia last Wednesday.Now I don’t have to.Siberia has moved here.It’s bloody freezing. #heatingtime. 
"How long should I still wait 2 see the 3rd episode of TVD??I AM DYING!!You people who deal with loading the episodes, could u pls hurry up??" 
"Still yet unanswered, are the SATs still on for Saturday?" 
@user even I didn't know it's 18th sept at KL Live to be exact :p 
#Vbnss Daily Digit: Exchanges lost $1 mln a day - Oct 31 - NYSE, Nasdaq, and the CBOE each lost about $1 million in ... 
Guess Dani will play with u guys tomorrow..somebody tell @user that there is NO WAY IN HELL..Louisville is going to the ORANGE BOWL tho 
@user Well it rained all day on Eid, then second day was hot but then 3rd day and even aj bi its raining so" 
"Watching Les Mis 25th Anniversary concert. How long before the boy Jonas gives me rage, knowing Michael Ball was backstage?" 
C'mon 5 o'clock. I don't know if my PS4 is even downloading it or if it messed up. Gah. The suspense. 
getting a call from saudi arabia on a tuesday morning is a slightly alarming way to start the morning 
Moving video illustrates Europe's refugee problem: Angela Merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she can't stay  
@user Is it normal that it takes hours to check the email name for creating an microsoft account? 2nd try! 
It may be over for Big Brother... I'm just ready for survivor where getting blood on your hands is the name of the game!! CBS needs a revamp 
@user we are 3rd same as Bayern after RM and Barca. why the fuck are you taking the name of that snake. 
Added psychotic to my library when year 12 starts tomorrow #smartmove #gonnafail" 
BNP opposes Companies Act change: The BNP on Tuesday asked the government to drop the move to change Companies A... 
the glass may be rising, but it’s not getting any warmer here, Lago del Desierto, Argentina 
"Frank Ocean can go to hell now, IDGAF about him no more when baby dropping her album 
@user big ben gets forgotten because his SB wins weren't memorible. 1st was the bus show. 2nd feel on deaf ears cause it was vs cards# 
@user I really don’t know why you can’t wait for me to get to LAX tomorrow, Chrissy. Us being the best of friends and all..rude. 
@user unfortunately not but I did get to tune in to Saturday Kitchen in the hotel. 
Oddly the Apple event will stream to a Edge browser but not to Chrome 
"#Maltese dognapping; assault at Dunkin' GoNuts; man leaves key in car, it gets stolen (seriously): #police #crime" 
Hannibal's 3rd season feels like it became more and more a parody of itself. 
LPG price hike put on hold: Facing stiff opposition, the Centre on Thursday night put on hold the Rs. 26.50 incr... 
- Rick Perry May Be the First Establishment Casualty of the GOP's Ridiculous 2016 Primary 
"Not the best start to the 2nd set from Murray, but our print editor is more focused on the fact that apparently both players ""look scruffy""" 
@user idk I just wanted to make convo since my phone is kinda ruined because pool and I'm using like a 3rd generation iPod lol so 
A Gay marriage license will never legitimize sin You may get the marriage penalty &amp; pay higher taxes but B4 God you R still  living in sin 
@user it’s time to call in the CBB...Monday is going down! 
"it's august 8th and still no Frank Ocean album, when will this terror end" 
"Managed to loose my keys on 6th, puke my guts up all the next day and sober up in time for the sam smith concert... Then" 
Something is wrong with those people born at the end of march including myself and Lady Gaga 
That awk moment Baylor offers a ridiculous amount of money that could be a full ride at Tech, but doesn’t even cover the 1st year. Eff ya. 
Carly Fiorina is right and CNN and the RNC are wrong: 
"Carly Fiorina is telling people in NH they should be ""incenting"" teachers. It may be a word, but she still sounds like an idiot" 
@user if Kim Davis converts to Islam she's free by sundown &amp; @ work Tuesday.  Gay Mafia won't have guts to persecute her anymore 
Mariah Carey: "I really haven't paid attention to Madonna since about like 7th or 8th grade, when she used to be popular." MELHOR SHADE 
Watched The Wiggles for the 1st time.  Was embarrassed for those men & then I remembered that they are probably FILTHY RICH. #parenting 
"Tonight's YouGov: Lab 35, Con 30, UKIP 15, LibDem 9, Green 5. &gt;not one for the Sun's front page or a Nick Robinson analysis I think" 
@user @user That's right, ladies. I'm blaming everything on Kerry. Cleo this show may well eclipse the numbers of @user 
@user @user and i didn't like the way the john cena and seth march ended too that pissed me off so bad 
"you may call me a bad fan but I sobbed so hard tonight because Zayn wasn't there. Everytime they sang his part, my heart broke" 
"Angie- ""let's do something on Thursday"" It's like this bitch forgot that that's Star Wars day....." 
You may spend more time in the washroom than a Rousey fight after eating this 
Labor day had me thinking it was Monday all today smh.... 
@user @user Bloody Sunday was terrible. And yes the IRA killed 11 innocent musicians. I forgive. But I want justice. 
"It's simple, we want to be like Israel, a white Israel.  If that's a bad thing, so is current Israel. 
Michael Clarke and James Pattinson ruled out of tomorrow's third final. Big blow for the hosts. #CBSeries 
Haven't been to my Friday class yet but I seen that shit and pretty girls are in it so it's Gucci 
This is the 2nd worst thing Hulk Hogan has ever done 
Tony Romo better be on point tonight! don't have time to deal with his foolishness! 
Just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something. #Why 
How’s Channel 4 celebrating its 30th anniversary? Is it pretending the first 20 years when it was any fucking good never happened? 
"Martin Atkinson is referee tomorrow. If you don’t remember, he’s the one who """"missed"""" Balotelli’s shocking tackle on Song." 
"Your claims are based on hawaa. No knowledge of Deen, no adab about how to talk with Muslims. May Allaah disgrace u. 
Friday's going to be my break-up letter to Kanye West. I have been writing it for several months. 
spot price on 14KT gold is $49.08 dwt in Tampa Bay today - crazy that gold is over $1800/ounce - remember when the real price was $300.00.. 
The 1st Amendment is being ignored while the new federal right to marriage equality made up by SCOTUS (marriage... 
"Racists NeoNazis march the streets, Muslims protest 'behead those who insult Islam' but can't preach the gospel!? 
"Hulk Hogan may have made those racist comments, but when he was in wrestlemania, that was my shit!  WHAT YOU GONNA DO BROTHER!?!?""" 
Zayn left the band on Wednesday The last Canadian show is on a wednesday My first day of school is wednesday   I OFFICIALLY HATE WEDNESDAYS 
Special Notice for lefties who try to watch the best show on TV, Justified.  (2nd try melts tv) 
it’s a sunday, i think in the spirit of douglas adams and feeling like shit i will have a second bath 
"Supreme Court. ""Gay Marriage."" Kentucky Clerk Jailed.  The Rule of Lawlessness.  Today, a clerk in Kentucky. Tomorrow, the rest of us." 
Porto are the only team letting me down! C’mon boys turn this around 
"As the world marks International Human Rights Day on Thursday, Iran is continuing its execution spree&amp;#160;with the announcement that a" 
@user That’s what I figured. We suspect you may be experiencing some issues related to the storm, Maria. We’re working on it! ^DGM 
Project X on a monday night? Fuck it 
Amazon Prime is a lie. It said my stuff would be delivered by Monday. Its Wednesday, and still hasn't arrived. Tracking doesn't make sense. 
"Why are people still talking about Eid, that was so last Friday" 
Anyone who Talks shit about the Lakers tomorrow at school and i will make sure i hit u as hard as i possibly can 
@user I think it may have been subbed by Bates. """"Conor Heffernan discusses the bizzare world of Leeds United owner Massimo Cellini""""" 
Yakub should be hanged to death tomorrow the Mumbai's culprid else will oppose it by following a black day 
"Not Black Enough: Miss Teen USA Talks Being Bullied: On Saturday, 18-year-old Logan West made history when she b... 
"Estimated 5% of Muslims in Britain r Islamists, Not many u may think,But there r about 6,000,000 Muslims in Britain.That's 300,000 Islamists" 
Wade be playing like Tracy Mcgrady in the 1st half Lol just losing the ball an shit 
@user @user Tiger is in the terrorist haven under the protective arm of Pak! So u may tweet ""Hang him!""!Is Yakub innocent?" 
Steve Jobs and Dr. King on the same level?!?! Nah... C’mon Kanye.. 
"I think making Caitlyn Jenner into a Halloween costume may be the definition of ""too soon."" 
IEBC may hold the most modern & credible elections, but that wont stop Kenya from Burning again IF the intolerance we r witnessing continues 
"Capcom said they may not make sequels to games that dont sell 2 mil. So that means they only making SF, Monster Hunter and Resident Evil lol" 
"Russian lawmakers slam Charlie Hebdo, call it ""accomplice of ISIL"": On Thursday, the satirical magazine again ... 
@user No idea sorry! Just kno pundits say Trump will prob. lose popularity later as he has little policy. Poss Jeb Bush may get Rep Nom? 
"Just sat through twilight, what's going on with my life?" 
"My previous tweet just reminded me that my 5th grade choir class sang """"All-Star"""" by Smash Mouth. Can’t decide if that was a win or a fail." 
@user dead ass this like the 3rd time I'm  still Gucci gang 
"Tony Blair to speak to Jerusalem FPA tomorrow (Friday). Now that he is no longer Quartet rep, will he speak his mind on the Conflict?" 
@user You know Go Set a Watchman is not being released until tomorrow? Really did not appreciate the spoiler on your website. 
Everything under the sun is a weapon against Muslims! 
"I think I saw my soul mate on the metro this morning. But I didn't get to talk to her and I have left Milan, this may be a tough one" 
@user can you make happy wheels compatable with iPod 4th generation my game lags so much and you can see everything but the floor. 
Chris brown is going to be in atx on Wednesday &amp; I'm so so sad I can't see my baby :/ 
Scarred Riverbeds and Dead Pistachio Trees in a Parched Iran : 7 year #drought may render 1/2 the nation inhabitable 
Dr. going to see lot of people of stomach pain due to yakub's hanging tomorrow @user @user @user @user 
@user @user That's Ashley in the 1st pic not Briana but the pregnancy is still fake af 
@user LIES. Isn't there a curfew in place?A quick google search indicates that this image was from the Charlie Hebdo march. 
@user it'll be a cold day in hell before you got me anywhere near that Sunday line up. I'd rather see the Foo Fighters. 
Real Madrid could've paid the fee on the 1st day of transfer window if they really wanted De Gea. They're to blame for the entire fiasco. 
Lady Gaga you turn me on in such weird ways. I'll bite your ass 1st home girl 
@user apple is about to lose my business. I recently bought this iPad may 31st... You come out with new iPad and discontinue ipad3!!! 
"You couldn't make it up. Plastic Paddy school teacher, who loves Child murdering IRA terrorists.  
Well if no ones going to school tomorrow then I guess I won’t go :p 
Kendrick said a whole bunch of nothing on that Black Friday something but you people say e be verse of the moment. 
@user Of Monsters and Men, Deap Vally, Eagles Of Death Metal, Gaslight Anthem, Foos - and that's just tomorrow! Sorry for late reply!" 
And to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played Temple Run the whole time, why did you even come? #confused 
Frank Ocean's verse on Sunday is so cold. The way he casually sent for Chris Brown &gt;&gt;&gt; 
President Thabo Mbeki urged Tony Blair not to invade Iraq but the British prime minister went ahead anyway. 
@user If Carly Fiorina is left out of the upcoming debate it may and possibly will backfire on CNN. Trump is not influencing CNN is he? 
Can not fucking wait for tomorrow night. House Of Blues will never be the same after @user @user and @user #StayMetal 
"So wait, Twitter decides if April lives or dies? It doesn't make sense... But then my husband reminded me this is Sharknado. #Sharknado3" 
"Gay marriage was passed illegally. Is untrue. Now the 14th amendment is stretched THIN. Thin, you hear me?!? But the law isn't illegal" 
Nigeria air strikes kill `large number` of Boko Haram: Nigeria said Sunday it had carried out air strikes in t... 
These #Iditarod updates are making me nervous!!! Sounds like Dallas Seavey has it but hope Aliy Zirkle can stay in 2nd!!!! 
Hard day looking forward to my tea now may have to call in to an irlam takeaway #memories 
"Louis Tomlinson may not be a father, I didn't see anything more greedy for a little attention, I wouldn't be surprised if he came out as gay" 
@user @user lol Moyes went from 1st to 7th and LvG went from 7th back to CL and they're the same level? Only Arsenal fans 
Thursday night line uppppp Henny + coke & Chipotle, Vampire Diaries, Greys Anatomy, Scandal!  fuckkkkk with me sonnn 
Chalmers is gonna get fined soon, that the 2nd flop so far? 
Ice Cube's N.W.A diss makes Drake's Meek Mill diss sound like it was written by an 8th grader. Geez. 
@user @user This may open the door for persecution of Christians. 
"People are like, ""Amy Schumer? I don't like her, she's fat.""  And I'm all like Ralphie May is fatter, and I don't... 
Finish taking the Cashee math prep... (-.-) ...Stupid 7th grade math I don't even remember was on it... #Prep 
soooo jealous of everyone going to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow 
@user They don’t look good at all. Stop Fletcher and you stop Sunderland. Only players in our side MON managed are Gabby & Guzan. 
Don’t be surprised if we end up waiting until November 16th to find out who the next POTUS is... #OhioProvisionalBallot 
@user watching Cannavaro on the 2nd even more embarrassing. 
@user @user When Modi is after slaughtering Muslims, its difficult he may rule long. 
"[Tempo] Vanuatu quake | A strong 6.2-magnitude earthquake rattled the South Pacific island of Vanuatu Sunday, seismo... 
Please pull down Tom Brady's pants and undress the cheaters on Thursday night @user 
@user Tom Brady to step down Tuesday morning from New England. States pressure is just too much. Resigns to his family. Updates Tuesday. 
Tony Blair said 'God will judge me' over Iraq. Here's another biblical truism Tony: 'You [we] reap what you sow.' 
@user @user @user Bias is prevalent at all levels. You don't want 2 find yourself on the Bubble on Selection Sunday #NCAA 
"Although George Orwell may have predicted Big Brother, he likely never imagined it would be so voluntary 
@user No the Pottstown game is the 19th....Get it together davie 
Shoutout to Christians with awful double standards for making normal Christians look like idiots  
@user @user Iran's job is EASY.. stop building Nukes.. stop executing Christians and dropping Gays off the 6th floor head first. 
5) Don’t mention the score: ’Do we want revenge? No.’ - Wenger ahead of the United game on saturday 
@user how sad are you that Downton Abbey ends Sunday? :(x 
A1 you good bye *9th text*  @user @user @user fuck it ima just delete my twitter account babe .. For you 8th Text 
@user damn I don’t wanna get on my computer. Tomorrow :( my Harry feels are out of control and the outtakes video broke me 
@user C'mon Curt... Don't you know that it's only acceptable to talk down about Christians, gun owners and heterosexual white males?" 
Kris Jenner threatened to kick Kim Kardashian out of her home on Sunday's episode of the family reality show... 
"Frank Gifford always lived in someone's shadow, whether it was Howard Cosell's on ""Monday Night Football"" or Kathie Lee's in married life." 
Why the hell are so many games releasing April-May? The latest threat to R&amp;C is Dark Souls 3 on the 19th of April :O crap 
PRAY NO ONE GETS HURT OR KILLED IN LONDON TONIGHT GUYS. This looks like it's gonna go on for hours. 
Friday's are so hard cause you can't go on anything without almost finding out what happens in TVD 
"Time may be running out for Auburn's Benton: I knew I wasn't running it full speed."""" Effort isn't predetermined.... 
@user what lies have they told? Catholics may have been ’ethnically cleansed’ in some areas but Protestants got it worse, no... 
Because Tony Blair not just responsible for the death of 1m Iraqis... #warcriminal #Iraq @user  
"David De Gea&amp;#039;s girlfriend ""very disappointed"" after Real Madrid move collapses at the 11th hour #plfans" 
Planned Parenthood getting exposed for the evil organization they are. @user @user 
"If only Green Day sounded like this, instead of the sort of parody punk group who might have been invented by Saturday Night Live." 
Cliff Avril leaves Detroit Lions game with back injury: Detroit Lions defensive end Cliff Avril left Sunday’s game against the Minnes... 
Espanyol keeps on struggeling: 19th in La Liga & losing the Copa del Rey against Sevilla in de last ten minutes ’83 and ’93 (3-1). 
@user that may be true, but Reagan did not increase the defect to THIS EXTENT. This is absurd. You and I both will be paying" 
"C'mon Sean Parker, step it up! Little ass nigha" 
@user @user It will happen in 4th year and remember Rahul don't make him hero like u guys did with yakub 
"Hey Bernie, be ready to be attacked by Chuck Toad tomorrow on MTP, and watch how he kisses John Kasich ass!" 
Remember Hillary denied a server existed  ever day ! A liar for President  like Obama this Country will not survive  
Stuck in the Dallas airport until 11:20... On a Saturday night #gettincrazy #getmehome 
Im sad. My shorts dont smell like Vanessa anymore:(I sat there sniffing it cuz it smelled like her I need her to wash it again #MacAndCheese 
I Stayed Up All Night For The 4th DLC For Advanced Warfare On PS4 And its 3am About To Be 4am And it's Still Not in The PlayStation Store? 
@user but wrong on gay gene.  However bad fatherly figure or lack there of may be the issue and vice a versa for a lesbian 
as some of you may know, we have a fish tank & this little guy is named Jeff Carter. sadly, i think he’s dying 
Ronda Rousey lose please  lose Saturday night. I don't like her. She talked grimy about my dude Floyd Mayweather. 
@user @user I’d be pretty mad if the Packers took Bernard in the 1st just bc, Cooper/Eifert would be better IMO. 
Liberals supporting Yakub today are the same guys who will support ISIS tomorrow.. 
"So, tomorrow's Dark Souls video that I just recorded might be the most confused I've ever been on video." 
I can not change yesterday. I can only make the most to day, and look with hope toward tomorrow. (Anonymous) 
"Or, you know, some version of it. In 4th grade, I was writing a novel called Prisoners of Radio City and @user didn't exist yet!" 
@user do you know if Iran has any plans to hang any Gays tomorrow, Christmas Day? #Presstv" 
Only just got round to watching the 1st half of Crossfire Hurricane. Have come to the conclusion I was born in the wrong era @user 
@user Agreed. Although it seemed like Atleti was still hungover from the Juve game. Any chance of the Azzurri game on Saturday? 
Saudi Arabia sentences woman to death by stoning for adultery but the man gets off with just 100 lashes: A mar... 
Floyd Mayweather may be a good boxer but he sure is a terrible human being. 
"Tho I respect his decision, I don't agree with it. James McClean may not necessarily be a supporter of IRA. He said the poppys stand for ..." 
"It's a Sunday afternoon in the small, church-going town of Covington. I look like trash and Thor's hungover. Cue the judgemental stares." 
"The Bucks' John Henson is hit at the knee by a falling Ilyasova. Doesn't look good. He goes to the locker room. Bulls up 85-75, end of 3rd." 
@user do u enjoy his 2nd rate Michael Jackson bit? Honest ques. Like the can't feel face song but god it's so obvious they want MJ 2.0 
niggas boutta be DROPPIN like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there ! 
"In #Buhari's wisdom, people that run away from Boko Haram what their salaries and careers yet he wanna win the war by November" 
RT @user If you thought the London Riots were bad just wait til the Mexico City Riots break out once they get word Lopez Ton ... 
@user @user @user if you dont know hes the vocalist of the metal band Lamb Of God and is a sorta a 3rd party candidate 
When your friend gets a Lexus for her 15th birthday and you can't even afford a taco from the taco truck!??!! 
"If GMB goes after Boko Haram with the same passion he went after Dasuki,the 50+ victims of the Yobe bomb blast on Friday will still be alive" 
Whyd the dumb bish get em in the 1st place? @user Eva Longoria Removing 3 Tattoos Related to Tony Parker - 
@user they forget Quran and Islam talked about making them nations to know each other may Allah guide them 
@user @user House of Saud destroying Iran's petro economy before they can get the 1st tanker filled 
@user She’s invited. And Ash may not go because of her. And I want Ash to be there because his AE helped mine through some stuff.. 
"Fuck wit Dre Day was really a terrible song. Ice Cube wrecked that beat though on ""Friday"" (the song)." 
Holm doesn't have enough MMA experience. She's going to get schooled. Rousey will simply demolished her. #UFC195  
@user Aston Villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b4 u head to the Bridge w your bitch slaps #JogOn 
"Get ur excuses in early lol""@MCRisBLUE: Cant see us beating West Ham on sat not now that Howard Webb is on loan to the hammers for the game""" 
Going to watch Goon for the 4th time, cry, then go to sleep. #NHLLockout 
"Well tonight is gonna be full of Dexter, LOTR, FIFA, and Fantasy football. Let's  hope this isn't my college life." 
It is scary that Kris Bryant is the 4th best hitter on the cubs.. 
Harper, you may not think Justin's ready, but urine over your head. 
Dodgers fans are annoying. Kershaw may even win the MVP but when is his next start? 
"Kane may have made it 5-0, I may have lost my bet. But guess what, I can speak properly, Harry Kane can't." 
The Zoo miniseries may be the worst collection of images &amp; sounds man has ever produced. We're talking Sharknado w/o the self-awareness. 
@user and please Little Things Vh1 premire only on or after sat. Coz where I’am right doesnt show up Vh1 on the TV! :( please sat. 
Alright if you hate Briana ok but like just ignore her don't call her names just leave her be if we ignore this it may just leave 
Happy Valentine’s Day is trending? ?? But... it’s not even February? 
"2nd, you aren't beating anyone's ass. The fact tht you're so threatened by a gay man tells me you wldnt buss a grape in a fruit fight.(Hov!)" 
@user Reminds me of all those free-speech-suppressing leaders at the Charlie Hebdo march... 
yea im done with briana she getting blocked for the 3rd time now 
"Just finished watching Sharknado 3. It was so silly that it was decent, especially the ending. Can't believe they're making a 4th one now!" 
And super cold for no good reason. If it wasn't for laundry tomorrow would be Monster Hunter under lots of blankets day 
"Omigod, she's gone hysterical. I think she may actually be weeping from laughter. @user #StarTrekVoyager #Cardassians #notKardashians" 
Prince George may be a little reptilian fuck who's from a family of inbreds but he's bloody ADORABLE COS HE DRESSES LIKE AN OLD MAN 
"Hey @user start worrying a little less about Tom Brady and start punishing actual criminals  
@user Still waiting for the replacement MOTO G to reach me. So much grief! One week after the 1st product crashes still waiting. 
Why does she hella look like a mix of Jennifer Lawrence and Caitlyn Jenner in the 2nd pic omg  
Pretty sure he’s a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to Christianity or Christmas for that matter. It’s the 25th. #dumbass 
Are the Canes the biggest losers in the Marlins Park deal? Losing the Orange Bowl = Not good for their program. Bad look at Sun Life. 
Murray misses a good chance to break at the start of the 4th. Sloppy along with a brilliant shot from Anderson denies the break. #USOpen 
The fact that hunter Hayes and Carrie underwood are gonna be here Saturday and I’m not going??? #what #notokay 
So it’s official Monday is my first day. No more Matt for a long while.. Except on Tuesday’s or Wednesdays:) 
"Niggas is goin die on December 26th when them foams come out .. lol rs .. niggas goin rob you & be like """"da shoes or ya life nigga"""" lol" 
The Heat played with the Celtics and LeBron didn't play none the 4th Id rather lose to the Celtics than Mavs w/o Dirk and Trailblazzers 
"Yes, I Hate Okocha - Sunday Oliseh  Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has finally laid to rest rumours that he... 
This is really going to hurt Virginia Tech on Selection Sunday 
Tonight may be the night when I finally expose myself to the Gilmore Girls hysteria 
"1st debate showed emperor has no clothes...Wonder how the court jester, shoeless Joe will do against Ryan? #gop" 
Caitlyn Jenner may face vehicular manslaughter charges. Only three months as a woman and already she can't fucking drive. 
"28 Nov 1986- An IRA mortar attack on Newry RUC station misfired, and the mortars hit houses and injured 35 people 
@user oh for goodness sake, BBC seems to want the gov't to allow terrorists free range to attack UK. May BBC HQ be the 1st target! 
@user  Jeb Bush appears to be afraid of something.  Probably the truth and Trump may be able to help him out. 
Saudi Arabia crushed by cheap oil - and the cuts are coming December 28 - CNNMoney I call this an ISIS motive 
Angela Merkel's jackets: many colours but just one look 
"Floyd Mayweather picked a guy who has lost 3 of his last 6 fights as his opponent, and the boxing world hates him 
"My father will not suffer thru the sun all day &amp; pay UG fees for me to go &amp; become a self proclaimed ""Jihadist"". Islam will be disappointed" 
Gonzaga kids will be beaten to death in the Blair parking lot on Saturday #betthat 
@user @user to an extent BNP but if you don't have a variety of political parties although I may disagree with them you have a 
@user SMH...preseason injuries..THEE. WORST.  You know JR Smith is in a boot? He was fine on Monday. What the hell did he do to get that? 
&gt;Gamergate is a hate group &gt;Amazon Prime Day is going to be bigger than Black Friday  What do these two things have in common.... 
ordered my back pack off of Amazon 3 weeks ago and it turns out they lost my package and school starts tomorrow #sick 
@user So sorry for the loss of your beloved husband and father of your kids. May you see him again in heaven. RIP Frank Gifford. 
@user @user Doomsday may be sooner than you think w/ Obama's signed Iran Deal.  Don't fret HilLIARy, she's history in a year! 
i swear i’m just gonna kirk if somebody come out their mouth wrong tomorrow, cause i can’t take that shit no more 
"Srinagar, July 27: According to sources, a young boy, aged sixteen had gone missing on Eid day under mysterious... 
TRUMP &amp; Scott WALKER are right.  We should amend the 14th Amendment of the US Constitution 2 allow deportation of IDIOTS-Like Trump &amp; Walker 
Internet is down.... Gonna have to hold off the stream tonight -_- We'll continue Dark Souls tomorrow. Have a great night everyone! 
Although there was that one time he finished 3rd and Cannavaro finished 1st. Yes, Fabio Cannavaro. Bullshit. 
Idc anymore everyone leave me alone at school tomorrow I’m going pissed.... 
hope this isnt another False Flag by MOSSAD in Paris like Charlie Hebdo bullshit. France is playing ball with Israel so it may not be them 
All around bad game for the pitchers tonight 5th one in the game &amp; the White Sox are still swinging the bats #Indians #MLB #PlayoffRace 
You may remember Frank Gifford as a great football player or broadcaster. But I remember him as the guy who wanted anal from a stewardess 
Why are the regular Thursday night shows not on tonight? I was really looking forward to Parks and Rec. :( 
This is even more depressing than the Apple event. 
@user  ....C'mon, EVERYBODY, it's time to boycott Dunkin' Donuts.........FUCK THIS CEO ASSHOLE! ...Come on, BOYCOTT DUNKIN' DONUTS!" 
"Are you waiting for Nokia N9 getting released in US... well, that may not happen.  :(  
@user @user The opposite of love isn’t hate; it’s apathy.  But why stoke the fires when they may never burn as brightly again? 
"Dr. Swamy writes to the PM on how Rahul Gandhi may have got kickbacks. NaMo, restitute kaalaadhan. 
Berlusconi is not impressed by the 6th position of Milan on the table and he is expecting 3rd place at least. #MN 
"This game has fantasy value, I hate the Cowboys, but I need them to do big things. Romo, Austin & Dallas D c'mon!!" 
"the refugee camps have ever bn factories f hatred, Islam's major export to the world in later 20th/early 21st cns. 
Demba ba injury not so serious so he should be fit for Liverpool this Sunday lets hope he scans ok that’s the main thing 
@user  Lorenzo Beasley. He was killed on July 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and King Dr.  ~#Mile 5 
Nothing says ’Fuck you’ to Super Rugby than when EP Kings get relegated tomorrow. I’m waiting 
@user u just duped that kid. Prince George isn't 2nd in line, William is. Prince Charles is 1st" 
I haven't been able to enjoy tea since Tuesday. I just want to drink a cup without feeling as though I'll hurl. 
@user May Allah give strength to our Syrian brothers n sisters. Islam will arise again. I believe. I hate Basyar Assad for what he did. 
Thom Yorke: Tony Blair advisers tried to force me to meet the PM | The Guardian 
Because she's Caitlyn Jenner. Come to FL sistah where you can run someone over with no consequences.  
@user @user Thinking Curtis may not be happy with contract offer and trying to stay uninsured so he can move (can't blame him) 
Vice-president of the Senegalese FA has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of Saturday's home tie with Ivory Coast. 
A Guardian article THINKS Erdogan is the Prime Minister of Turkey &amp; apparently TR sees all Kurds as a threat not PKK 
"#MLBFantasy Johnny Cueto continued his late-season struggles in Sunday's 7-5 loss to the White Sox, yielding five runs on seven hits ..." 
Man i really wanna see luffy go 4th gear : / ANd fuck i hope naruto isnt another flash back i give 0 fucks about ur pass atm JUST FIGHT DAMN 
Thursday is Thor's day and I'm sore from the thunder of stress that I'm under 
When we all agreed that we wanted to see the return of the tour I don't think we mean Tuesday Tests and meaningless Barbarians games. 
"I really hate to think it, but the same type thing that's happening to Miami could happen to Alabama tomorrow." 
@user We need to terminate this horrible deal with Iran on the very 1st day in office, but JEB BUSH REFUSES! End of discussion .. 
Scott Walker is getting so desperate, we may just see him borrowing Rick Perry's black frame eyeglasses. 
An expose on what is REALLY going on at Planned Parenthood. See for yourself Friday at 10 pm PST on FoxNews 
"I'm taking my death tomorrow, Kpop fans make me mad" 
Tell me the FIR No. first? @user @user Delhi Police under BJP may be wrong in this case 
If them fucking Muslims blow a bomb up in London tomorrow then we need to get the lot out of the UK fucking ship them all back #VJday 
If Messi gets injured tonight, Dallas won't exist tomorrow. 
9 children roasted to death after Boko Haram attack on Cameroonian village: Boko Haram members yesterday July 19th attacked the borde... 
Halloween wore me out next on the list Danksgiving on Nov 23 at Big Fish Pub in tempe hit up for slots and info only a couple left 
"I may or may not have freightened a large number of L.A. residents, merely  by making EYE contact with them in the past 48 hours." 
Life just isn’t the same when there is no Pretty Little Liars on Tuesday nights. 
@user All vets and true christians join now to help stop the destruction Obama is causing to our country.March on DC 
@user Lies! I've been failing the math TAKS since like 6th grade man. :o 
@user I think it's Hannibal and Clarice on the run together, which I loathed, but Bryan's talk of an "inversion" may make it work 
I just realized that tomorrow night I will be staying 15 minutes away from where Ed Sheeran is and I can't see him. I am fucking upset. 
So Carly Fiorina is going to crash and burn. @user  #WakeUpAmerica ....NEXT... 
I don't wanna see anything about shawn tomorrow BC I probably won't be able to see him but at the same time I do 
I was definitely hype for that Knicks and Nets game tonight & give Brooklyn they 1st L fuck you #HurricaneSandy 
@user Absolutely, though must say I'm not confident of Milan's chances tomorrow night given the way they've played of late..." 
"I hope Tony Blair feels shit standing there at Remembrance Sunday, cause he's partly to blame for the deaths or so many soldiers in Iraq" 
I was watching Ex-ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about Michael Jackson! 
"WASHINGTON, Mainstream LYING Media, United Nations,Vatican &amp; Israel are the TRUE TERRORISTS.. YOUR ENEMIES!! 
Hope David Cameron enjoys his breakfast tomorrow and isn't put off thinking about all the people he starves 
@user LMFAO his big ass get on my nerves, you going to class tomorrow? 
@user To be totally fair (not that he isn't a shit) this was in January, in response to the Charlie Hebdo attacks" 
Rick Perry was going to go on Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? to win money to continue his campaign, but he's embarrassed himself enough. 
@user bought a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Friday for 800$ and don't like it and tried to return it and was refused because of usage. B.S excuse 
@user no more Bad Blood by Taylor Swift music please, the video on Monday was more like badluck!!! #badeditor #SFGiants #cheesymusic" 
I can't believe i forgot today and tomorrow is the aviva london grand prix at crystal palace! 
A year ago tomorrow changed the ICONiac fan base forever :( 
New post: Monsanto wants to replace the bees they are killing with genetically engineered flying ants 
Fantastic! Sarah Palin demands that migrants to USA 'speak American'. Can't make this stuff up. 
It is so hard to buy Paul McCartney tickets for when he comes to Buffalo in October. :/ 
We as a people must do whatever it takes to fight Obama's lawlessness. A communist bent on destroying our heritage. NOW, NOT TOMORROW! 
It looks like Google+ may be on its way out. We can only watch and see over the next few months. It never took off... 
Kanye West to run for President? Making Kim the First 1st Lady with a sex tape. 
I think on some day's may the spirt of Kurt Cobain be with me so I dont  bitch slap everyone 
The Devil Inside with @user We may die. 
"funny cause that asshole from the sun said ""niall confirmed the sun story"" like fuck no HE DID NOT" 
Ha! @user almost made it through the 1st hour w/o making a stupid comment about Muslims or kissing Chomsky's ass - Almost! | #TYTLive 
"I'm going to bed after this last episode of Family Guy .. I've been hella tired, && I'ma get all the sleep I can stand in before Thursday" 
Why would Netflix decide there's a fucking audio problem 3 episodes I'm man c'mon! You wouldn't take the spoon from the fiend would you 
I've been at the beach since Friday and I still haven't listened to  Zac Brown Band. What is wrong with me?? 
I could have been asleep by eleven. Except I found m iPod.... I’m going to be so tired tomorrow. 
@user didn’t BR want to ship him out in the Dempsey deal? He’s 6th choice at min behind LL, JA, SG, NS, JJ. Who will take Cole and co? 
Mama: Shoti, i bought 2 tickets to a movie, the title is MAGIC MIKE XXL i don't know why is that the but watch it with me tomorrow. Me:..... 
@user Yeah. I saw Reakwon at Soundset and many times before. Still want to go but you know. If it wasn't a Sunday freaking night... 
@user no problem! BOI YOU BEST BE AT RIM TOMORROW lol there is like no one going to rim.. and LOL I really dont wanna go to school.. 
Monsanto Owns the Government: the House Just Banned GMO Labeling | Truthstream Media 
My 4s is out of data till the 10th and can't connect to wifi anymore, I have an iPod now 
Don't want to hear Seth Rollins Speech about how great he is tomorrow bruh. 
@user oiler fans are unhappy with, 45 points each season, Gagner as their 2nd line C. Habs fans should hate 28 point Eller as a 2C. 
"It has become a wrong trend to protect the person who has been punished by SC &amp; President,without any 2nd thought Yakub be hanged#YakubDebat" 
Arsenal's season is a mess. They're losing the battle for their favourite 4th place position 
@user ah. You may survive it. York may have a word with you about it. He's a dick. A fucking 5's too short for his liking 
Erdogan wants to silence critical media ahead of the November elections. @user 
Maths topic test better be on Thursday or I’ll be so angry at the teacher. 
Here are the few bold Hulk Hogan apologists: Hulk Hogan drew nearly universal scorn in the aftermath of Friday... 
WTH Apple? 1st I go to the apple and there is less then 10 employees working, I have to wait 10 mins to check out. Wake up Tim Cook!!! 
Still haven't watched the 2nd episode of AHS yet dear lord 
@user Brock Lesnar may have ended the Undertakers Wrestlemania streak, but he did not keep the Deadman down." 
"Sad i cant make gucci's party sat, and oskur would have made a friend with his lonely ass." 
Monday was Gucci but then it went downhill 
"For International Women's day, let's not forget trans*women and those who don't follow the gender binary!" 
"Sooo just seen somewhere that Kanye west wants to run for president, I sincerely hope that's just an extremely late April fools...." 
@user cafE ONE?! """"They lose Dongwoo on a Tuesday."""" is the first lINE IS THAT THE RIGHT FIC NO IT DOESN’T SEEM LIKE IT WAIT LINK ME?! LMAO" 
Apparently the IRA started Bloody Sunday...how propaganda history is re-written for the uneducated constantly amuses 
"If you do like Amy Schumer, I hope you went &amp; saw her Saturday bc after this ridiculousness, I highly doubt Maine will be on list of faves." 
Why am I not @ Hot Jam..... Oh yea right cuz it's MONDAY! fuckin fools!!! 
"RT @user That's really sad, Charlie RT ""Until tonight I never realised how fucked up I was"" - Charlie Sheen #sheenroast" 
@user zayn left on the 25th, school starts on the 25th, the 25th is just not a good day" 
@user I sat in the old Yankees' bleachers pre-2003 in Red Sox shit, and I would never make anyone carry me and slow ped. traffic." 
"Madison don’t wipe your black lines off !! """"It’s like Ash Wednesday, you don’t wipe that shit off.""""" 
"Mario Williams: I didn't want to enter free agency in the 1st place, but it was a one-way door given to me by the GM to leave Houston" 
Edge of Tomorrow is literally Groundhog Independence Day. Though less stupid than that makes it sound.@LyndonMarquis 
Kanye West to run for US president No guys c'mon. POTUS is the most powerful man in the world. Get serious. Tho he'd be bettern tham Trump 
R8 has FINALLY dropped, Kanye is in his second term of presidency, Michael Jackson moonwalked on the sun, fuckboys gained some respect for w 
"I may be Asian, but it doesn't mean I automatically like T-ara. I'm not even familiar with KPOP. #DirectionersFuneral" 
"Turkey's foreign policy has left it so isolated it is reaching out to Israel, who Erdogan bashed for years  
"On the news, regarding the """"Marijuana March"""" in #Toronto today: """"If you don’t hear ’em coming, you’ll smell them."""" Nice...not." 
@user indeed, i thought Charlie Hebdo attacks were the wirse in january but no yesterday night was even worse .." 
Roll on Thursday when I can get back to the gym;6 weeks of doing nothing but drink and eat crap since Leeds Festival is taking its toll #fat 
David Wright grounds out in the 9th. Was 2-for-5 today. 
"no matter 40,40k,40 lac people sign the mercy petition of Yakub,he will be hung on 30th.no change in order." 
"If Tony Romo doesn't score 50 fantasy points for me tonight, I'm screwed. Wait, you're saying that's not going to happen?" 
@user yes, this is why Atleti attack isn't so strong :) I'm not saying RMA attack isn't great...just not as you may think." 
Frustration for Kobayashi, Perez in India: Reaction from Sauber, Caterham, Marussia and HRT after the Indian Grand Prix on Sunday. 
David Price's last two starts against the #Yankees have been horrendous. He takes the mound Saturday 
@user @user @user OMGosh! HIllary still using her deceased Mom as a PROP to save herself from her own lies. ~May she RIP. 
The Philippines has just passed a law worse than SOPA. 
I’m always thinking that The Bachelor is pathetic, bunch of gurls fighting for a guy!....C’mon! but when is the opposite I kinda like it =) 
@user  Saturday and Sunday K, is a tradition, but please no more Chris Evans  he has too much to say,&amp; ruined the show!!" 
looking at the temp outside....hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down???? Feel like i'm in Vegas just adding humidity 
"No matter how disgusting Hulk Hogan is, he shouldn't be ruined for something he said in private. This societal trend is anti-1st Amend" 
"Many Sunday shows fail to mention Carly Fiorina's surge in the primaries, particularly at the state level. #tcot #gop 
4th quarter Westbrook (Honey Badger) is going to miss James Harden. #ThunderUP 
Watching bad reality television with Drew before he leaves for Georgia tomorrow. Bad reality TV...is that redundant? Haha #ILoveMyBestFriend 
@user haha. this is about to get interesting. if they awaken the inner Nazi in Germans, there may not be any Muslims left ." 
Nicki may have forgiven Taylor... but I still think she's corny for what she did. 
@user @user @user im terrified of needles and HIV and sex can give HIV and condoms may protect from it 
"How is it all over already. Ramadan, Eid and Ali's wedding all over.  Back to work tomorrow, back to normal :(" 
Refuse to admit that it’s 3rd year. Bring on my Groundhog Day 
I’ve been on TV a few times now. Still waiting for the call from ITV about Dancing On Ice though. Starting to think I may be TOO famous. 
I'll be so jealous all the people who got surprise Justin Bieber tickets tomorrow 
Capello Bemoans Language Barrier in Russia: Russia coach Fabio Capello spoke Monday of his frustration at the la... 
Someone said that they might snub Kendrick on all 11 nominations or he may get just 1. If that happens then it's clearly rigged. 
I don't think cole and Kyle understand the part of living in an apartment and being obnoxiously loud on a Thursday at midnight. Holy shit 
vice-president of the Senegalese FA has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of Saturday's home tie with Ivory Coast #Africa 
centre for social justice report on Gangs - one year after the riots. #d policy may have exacerbated problems. 
@user   Republicans had their way,  stock market crashed they did not want to pay taxes they lost billions of dollars today!" 
"as AFs ID may be wrong. And he can't move towards MAINE, as that's where I've guided Putin in, if required, to cut the Boko Haram alibi bull" 
Boko Haram extremists on Monday raided a village in restive northeast Nigeria's Borno state near the border with... 
I’m still obsessed with Werth...not on a Jeff Carter level more on a Ryan Lochte level. I think it may be sexual obsession 
@user @user if ISIS does gain a foothold there, Israel may regret crippling Hamas' efforts/ability to control the Salafists." 
Christians refused to convert to Islam. #ISIS killed them all on the spot as they sat in their own living-room. #RIP 
@user awww Saturday? how was it?? @user you dont even came to my side much in BKK con, i was so upset abt that 
Monday.....watching Paper Towns and I don't even know jack shit what its about T_T;; 
Muslims in Nepal we will live &amp; fight with each other don't want a 3rd party interference..... 
"Being told the Nathan Williams concussion happened during NEB game, but they didn't know until Sunday. Missed practice all week." 
@user @user @user In the moment Kurds do may be what Erdogan wants, but AKP is responsible f. killing civilians 
Kris Jenner Gets Kandid: 9 Shocking Secrets and Admissions!:  She may not be starring in any Keeping Up with ... 
Cba with work tomorrow! #Boring #Blag 
@user 1) He's a bullshitter 2) Voters believe bullshit 3) Christians stayed home the 2nd time because they didn't like Romney 
"Yakub's hanging may have created a fear in the minds of the terrorists, but it hasn't created any difference in our country" 
Shit is about to get real tomorrow night at UMBC! 
@user The tour dates got updated! Fox Theatre on the 24th or the 26th? I don’t want to fuck this up. 
Thanksgiving break is like the Thursday to Christmas break which is Friday. And now that Friday is here I don't know what to do. 
the Miss USA 1st runner up is a Latina woman who volunteers on the border of Mexico &amp; Texas because fuck Donald Trump all over his dumb self 
@user @user I don't expect any changes on the banking and telecom sectors in near future! May be after completion of WTO talks 
The Philippines just passed a law worse than SOPA, which actually criminalizes criticizing someone online. 
"We all have friends like Frank Ocean that put stuff off and say ""I got you tomorrow"" or ""Give me more time"" when you know they dont have it" 
Funny cause  the Arsenal fans booed the Galatasaray end on Wednesday for letting off flares. Now they've done it in the concourse. 
"Yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in Japan.  I embarrassed as a Japanese, was a moment of silence for the first time." 
I'm over here tryna do this work before classes start tomorrow and Nicki is being the shady bitch queen she is and I just lost all focus 
it's July 45 and there is still no news of the new Frank Ocean album 
Donald Trump and Jeb Bush want dictatorship on 'Anchor Babies'. Do they not have rights under the 14th Amendment? #LatinosUnidos #stoptrump 
Why is the @user app so shit and doesn't have show times for Paper Towns on Sunday!? 
So I have a day off with nothing to do tomorrow be Sam smith cancelled his show :( 
@user regardless of what he may say, a former boxer smashing UFC's biggest star last night was Dana White's worst nightmare" 
@user @user Thor: What a pussy. Other God's have universes, Thor gets a measly day of the week ""Thursday"" #meh" 
"Gonna watch the rest of X Factor tomorrow cause I'm so tired, I just keep crying every time they mention Take That." 
@user Just the HOYS qualifiers that didn't take place on Wednesday and Thursday of the Great Yorkshire Show. 
If Murray loses this 2nd set I'm pretty sure he won't win this. 
@user Dark Souls is pretty much near the bottom of the list for me to finish, along with many MANY RPGs,gotta get thru short ones 1st" 
Pausing on this day of my 31st year to yell at my ipad because pandora refuses to play the Carpenters' Superstar. 
Boston Rob may have won Survivor AND The Bachelor, but definitely not the FINCHELOR. #RHAP #FAN 
"Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges                ""good she manslaughtered her penis"" -Brandon" 
Sarah Palin came out of a hole to let you know she's still shockingly ignorant 
@user Nooooooo this Sunday is the last episode of Downton Abbey. :( There’s a Christmas special coming but that’s AGES away. 
I’m assuming that HEB ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than Super Bowl Sunday today 
After I tweeted about @user Gary Carter photo #facepalm, they removed the Mets photo. 2nd choice almost as bad, Kid holding Mets cap. 
And Thanksgiving Leftovers start Today. Ima be done with turkey by tomorrow. Get tired of it. 
Two of my Oscars died today. Don’t know why. I guess they couldn’t stand it out till November 6th. 
@user Oooh. Haha. Well unfortunately I really shouldn't watch another tonight. Although I might. But it'd be Blue which will make me 
"At the hotel room in Dannok, Thailand... So tired for a long trip last Friday night and shopping at Hat Yai yesterday...!!!" 
"Hahaha 2nd place in Miss USA was Miss Texas from @user , wonder if the organization just placed her there just for being Mexican" 
2nd  Zen Dixie! If you don’t read & share, God will kill a baby kitten. I will haunt you w/  redundancies & bad puns. 
@user Apples innovation died or stopped with iPhone 3. 120 billion in cash c'mon man redistribute the wealth . 
he may be a cheap shot scumbag, bit I fuck with Todd Bertuzzi 
@user i don’t think they can hold it for the rest of the season, they’re bye week may just throw them off, dun’kno ’bout the Ravens. 
Two-thirds of the NCAA football season are completed. The race for the BCS title game is heading to a huge controversy. 
@user be honest, if Ventura had thrown 1st pitch like Thor you all would be blasting him instead drooling on yourself? #Royals" 
"I think Sharknado 3 may have jumped the shark, and gone too far down the make a bad movie road. The second half is just awful in a bad way." 
@user Kim Davis is in jail standing agianst Gay marriage. Barry &amp; Michelle R 1st Family,Gay/Tranie in WH. Burn the Rainbow Flag" 
@user jordan jefferson just got out of jail... i may go to jail if i ever run into that smacked ass retard 
If Harper doesn't want fans to leave in the 7th perhaps he and his teammates should stop under performing and losing big ball games? #nats 
when Trayvon touched my shoulder in 7th period and tried to hide like it wasn’t him >> lmfao you can see his tall ass anywhere! 
@user There is no doubt Radical Islam is a major problem in the modern world, and will continue to be so. He may take things too far." 
Niall is sick so he may not be out a lot. -A 
All the people seeing Noel Fielding tomorrow, I am extremely jealous of you. 
"If Muslims like Mehdi Hasan are extremists, who are the moderates? The implicit, insidious message: there aren't any 
"It may be because it's really late or because i've watched 40+ hours of Gilmore Girls, but I just cried way too much when Rory graduated..." 
They are both jealous of the other. Calli came over and laid down in my lap so Cole sat on the couch beside 
@user I arrived in Milan on Wednesday and I have yet to receive the remaining 6 pieces of my luggage. No one seems to care. 
Found FOX NEWS Poll before debate without Rick Perry on it, this maybe why  Polls rigged? VIP 
Nigeria was promised to be rid of Boko Haram in 2 months by PMB.It seems it was a mere promise after all.@APCNigeria 
@user @user  Obama will continue to flood America with Muslims. It may be too late to stop the fall of America 
I think I may be the only person around not excited that Beyonce is the half time performer for the Superbowl. 
@user I think Sean Parker is a fuck. He may have a point about it being boring. But the guy is a drug addict idiot that cant hold a job 
My mood is ruin thanks to naruto. Have to wait for next Thursday for the next episode 
@user I thought the Nets game got cancelled but they play the heat tomorrow anyway.. damn, i was ready to talk some shit 
@user @user @user @user @user @user Hope The Sun doesn't face the fate of Charlie Hebdo. 
@user @user @user You may disagree Nicki, but the facts just don't support you. Nor does the vote by all of fandom." 
"1st they're trying Kane &amp; now Derrick Rose. Yeah, OK. I call bullshit. Lie detector tests should be mandatory when it comes to rape charges." 
i may have forgotten all the parts in Ultron that didn't involve Chris Evans' ass. is there still a JARVIS in Tony's smart home/suit 
@user @user if PM Modi is for us he must ban  6th December, Muslims procession against us" 
News Release 09 October 2012  Customers of the Negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5:45PM (cont) 
"A coworker just said, ""Muslims should just leave the country. Nobody invited them here anyways."" as I sat maybe 10 feet away from her." 
I didn't realize Scott Walker has a big old comb-over. That picture may drop him a few points in the polls. 
If i see one more tweet about how Paper Towns is out tomorrow I'm going to lose my shit. We fucking get it 
"Lol RT@RihannaDemos:The fact that almost all the""""Styled To Rock"""" candidates are on Twitter Who's ready for stalking?They may spoiled a lot?" 
"I want to go to church tonight (Crusaders); Kevin Leal is ministering. I'm  nauseous, head-achy, & I need to finish an overdue assignment." 
Gardai fear a split in the IRA and Sinn Fein?I know what to get them for christmas now! 
I just drafted Tom Brady in the 6th round and I'm disgusted with myself 
George Osborne's plan to increase the tax burden on Britain's fastest-growing banks may threaten their plans to create thousands of new jobs 
@user smh I’m just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about Denzel lol NIGGAS!!! 
when you hungry af but Dunkin is closed on Sunday's &amp; conn don't open until 10 
we found out about briana's pregnancy in august and we dont know when she got pregnant so pls shut up 
No one is going to march any Christians to a gas chamber over #KimDavis or any other #LGBTQ issue you jackass! #MathewStaver @user 
No mention of the border Trade of Mexican women impregnated till 9th month,then thrown over USA border to drop another  illegal?Rick Perry? 
What Scott Walker's shaky answers on the 14th Amendment tell us about his candidacy. (HINT: It's not good.) - 
As an introduction to Literature we wrote about The Woman In Black, not something I particulalry want to read, may just cry #ShitMyself 
It's a shame it's not a historic march up the 18th on the final Sunday for Paul Dunne. Hopefully he be in as strong a position tomorrow. ... 
@user Palestinian citizens of Israel are treated as 3rd class citizens. You just proved that calling them Arabs instead of Israeli 
Pundits: Rick Perry's Our Pick as 1st to Quit GOP Race Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry will be the first to drop out... 
"Thanks George Bush &amp; Tony Blair, you are both the reason for all this starting in the 1st place!" 
"May Allah destroy your king, O servants of Zayd! (UEA king) O brothers of the cows and mule worshipers ! Just as you have fought Muslims!" 
Israel used to kill 10 Arabs for every Israeli soldier killed. This ratio may be reversed if hostilities with Hizbollah move beyond words. 
@user nope not all I can't afford all.. But I going picnic, Jouvert, the free jam Thursday and Sunday," 
Speaking of King cake, the 1st time my mom had some, she ate the baby. Got stuck in her throat and she had to got to the doc to get it out. 
Kind of really upset I'm missing fgl tomorrow night. Guess I'll have to make up for it at Jason Aldean 
’Love-cheat’ Daniel Radcliffe splits with girlfriend Rosie Coker: London, Oct 19: Daniel Radcliffe has split wit... 
"Not at all happy that we can't play fall ball on Saturday, I always look forward to the Green Bay fall ball team's games, really bummed out" 
"i haven't hung out with deron since sunday, & i feel like i havent hung out with him in forever. #FootballBoyfriendProbz" 
Steve Emerson on Sun News Network with Michael Coren - Political correctness has damaged all aspects of life 
"Hey everyone, in case you forgot, ISIS is killing and raping Christians, homosexuals, and many more groups today. Enjoy your Saturday!" 
Will Evelyn ever finish her hw? the world may never know 
@user Let me guess,Rita was just another one of your fictional callers?Amazing how the call became political...c’mon! 
@user @user don't troll people Curtis, tables may turn and lee will hunt you down and take you on telly.... ;)" 
Why are Niall and Camila even trending?? I bet Directioners are just really bored!! GO STUDY!! YOU HAVE SCHOOL ON MONDAY!! 
Absolutely mortified and gutted that Sam Smith may be doing the new Bond song :( 
1st of all in my world theres only Good n evil! Real ppl n fake mf’s!This is why I really feel JLin won’t make it!Not durable like Yao Ming! 
I’m not dealing with anyone’s shit tomorrow so Fernando and Jacob fuck off . 
The Borno Police Command on Sunday confirmed the killing of seven persons after suspected Boko Haram terrorist... 
I dont work til monday but no one is fucking with me sooooo ill be on some De La Soul JUST ME MYSELF N I 
Centre suffering from ’policy paralysis’, alleges Jayalalithaa: Jayalalithaa on Tuesday charged the UPA go... #News 
"By Joe Hemba DAMATURU, Nigeria, July 10 (Reuters) - Boko Haram islamist militants attacked the northern Nigerian town of Buni Yadi in Yobe" 
"still heated over the fact that Frank Ocean didn't release his album in July. Frank Ocean, what's good?" 
Watching TFI Friday/The Chris Evans Show:D Nothing like it used to be. Talk about painful to watch. Some things are best left in the past. 
We should all take a moment and just think about the fact that UMBC closed. And was announced the night before. This may never happen again. 
"Survation are fraudsters. If they were fake-polling ""Irish"" people about the IRA would they call Doyles and Murphys? 
my hair gunna be terrible tomorrow beenie and cardigan is the move 
Amazon Prime Day disaster: 16 people who may never get over it: Amazon Prime Day, despi... 
No. The Sox sucked in May.  But I wish the Red Sox had played like this in April-June. 
Joe Biden is not going to run for President.  He may even resign as Vice President before term ends. 
12000 contestants for February election in Iran. 11909 are US backed dummy candidates to split the Ahmadineijad's votes. @user @user 
A little worried about Amazon. The collection was meant to go up on Saturday but is still not available. 
What was the need to @ ZAYN? How thirsty are you bitch? 
Boycott and sanction' power to be stripped from UK councils.  Awww the Boycott must really be hurting Israel. #BDS   
"wait, don't tell me he ranked 7th? as Fashion King, really?" 
"Somebody tweeted ""frank ocean new album"" with a link, my dumb ass clicked on the link &amp; it was a link to lil bow wow 1st album. So fuck you!" 
@user @user This is such a breach of the 1st amend that EVEN Madonna's GAY brother is standing with KIM! Const. attacktd 
The fact that there is a 3rd Sharknado is everything that is wrong with this world...   Lamer than my #LameJoke collection...   #Sharknado3 
@user no butt fucking sorry, we're watching annabelle tomorrow and you're bound to shit yourself." 
Heads up: An important change to Amazon Prime effective August 1 will limit how you can share free P... @user 
@user Work tomorrow, Niall so that Friday feeling just isn't there today. Booo" 
Does @user still believe that Ms. Angela Merkel is the "real leader of the free world"?  (Greeks may disagree 
"Obama secures Iran victory as 34th senator endorses nuclear deal  - Another victory for the march of Islam, well done Hussein Obama" 
Islam is on the march on the whole world and good people are keeping quite.. #RadioBiafra  
I get 2nd hand embarrassment from thinking about Niall during viva la vida on a daily basis 
California May Label Monsanto's Roundup as 'Known to Cause Cancer' | Natural Society well it's about time! 
China is Wisconsins 3rd largest export market at $1.5 Billion and moron Scott Walker is kicking the gift horse in the mouth. Just careless! 
The Grateful Dead may have laced a TV crew's coffee with LSD. Let's look at the tape! 
In the last 24 hours The Islamic State released six videos threatening Saudi Arabia   
Choosing to read the transcript of the interview Mansbridge did with Harper due to the extreme 2nd hand embarrassment I'm bound to endure 
Do I ring up Warners tomorrow and tell them I put the wrong number on or do I leave it and cry 
Dear journalists, please quit with the Joe Biden stories &amp; speculation. He's not even our 3rd choice. Sincerely, Democrats everywhere. 
Needed the loo since Bethnal Green... Now the other side of Romford This suit might be getting dry cleaned tomorrow 
When I see niall's bitch ass tomorrow I am going to cry 
@user best get ya tongue ready  I warned you!! No sweets..No kebab eastenders and Waterloo road for you tomorrow then! disappointed!! 
I knew Black Friday. Black Friday was a friend of mine. And you, Amazon Prime Day, are no Black Friday. 
"Arr! Last Wednesday, on International Talk Like a Pirate Day, some pirates invaded Mobius for a day of Pirate Science! 
@user | Common knowledge! First, it is under development that aided the growth of Boko Haram. You may call it causality." 
Floyd Mayweather really fights his last fight this Saturday and it's like nobody really gives a fuck lol 
Angela Merkel tells sobbing teenage refugee slated for deportation that Germany "just can't manage" to help everyone 
"Randy had the match wrapped up, so ... bad Sheamus! Randy Orton vs. Kevin Owens: Raw, July 27, 2015 via @user 
Honestly only bad thing I can say about the Kendrick album were the roll out of singles and what ones were picked 1st 
IEBC warns it will revert to manual voter registration if BVR kits delay, says poll timetable may change. 
After ESPN did that whole documentary for Snoop Dogg son, he quit the team before his 1st game. 
"I don't want fucking Kane &amp; Lynch 2, Microsoft. Hurry up with Dark Souls and Vanquish, will ya? 
@user they are saying if they don’t put the Winter Classic on lock tomorrow with Michigan- we won’t even have a season :( 
"If I was dyslexic I would hate the sound of Cate Blanchett's theme tune on a Sunday evening, forced to acknowledge that the weekend is over" 
Paul Dunne currently regretting the deal he struck with Satan to finish Sunday in first place. #open2015 
Red Sox may be the best worst team ever 
jason russell interview with Oprah is Sunday ... Let see if the gay question comes up. Because him being in the closet it just sad. 
39 people in the NBA are not better than Kobe Bryant.. The 2nd GOAT 
This Rahul Gandhi aka Raul Vinci needs his bags checked no matter where he goes #interpol  May find some goodies ! 
Zayn deleted his Instagram and the last time he tweeted was the 18th of August this is hell 
Gucci bags subconscious mind brashness january break the seal the dichotomous thy cat far out rise versus indu... 
"Shoot to kill was a gift to the IRA, who were nothing pre Bloody Sunday. If you're a Lab MP &amp; don't know this, get a new job @user 
He needs to win against the Clippers tomorrow or hell will start to rain down on his ass ! 
@user Cant believe we didnt even take a trip to the beds today, PALEY saturday now me defo boooooo" 
@user and then there are shows that durdle around between neat and terrible/generic the 1st season then get cancelled (Terra Nova) 
Never have I felt this tired I had more fucking energy on the Monday morning if Leeds festival for christ sake 
"Today in the weird, world of musical history...Hank Williams was fired from the Grand Ole Opry and told not to return until he was sober." 
In Sha Allah the one who fund war on Islam will be destroyed Militarily and Economically .http://t.co/nkUbFM7QBa 
"WWE, Hulk Hogan End Tie After Racist Comment: World Wrestling Entertainment Inc (WWE.N) said on Friday it has ... 
I really want to see shawn on Tuesday BUT MY MOM WORKS LATE ON TUESDAY AND I HAVE NO WAY OF GETTING THERE AND IM SAD 
@user @user John Cena may have put his dick in Amy Schumer. He loses what little anything he had for that. 
"Too bad its purpose was to demonize #PlannedParenthood and Muslims, making it a sort of reverse MLK march 
"Scott Walker, who thinks ISIL compares to American labor unions, thinks he knows how to handle China. On Monday,... 
WATCH: Algerian troops march singing 'kill the Jews' | The Times of Israel 
"So that Trump tweet making the rounds right now is a response to the Charlie Hebdo attack back in January, not today's tragedy." 
I apologize in advance if any of you spot me in Malahide's Pennies tomorrow. uuggghfghfgd 
"Tomorrow im going tell all my teachers , we not even supposed to be here ; its Veteran Day" 
Okay if you go to Elon University and do not go to the Rip_Chords concert Saturday...you’re sinning. 
i hope john cena comes to school on tuesday and five knuckle shuffles the fuck out of yall 
Sign of the times? BBC News - Encyclopaedia Britannica ends its famous print edition 
HOF president: Frank Gifford 'built the game': The passing of Frank Gifford cast a cloud over Sunday's proceed... 
"2pm today - live webchat with Antonio Carluccio. We're not excited at all. No, really *jumps up &amp; down &amp; squeals a bit* 
LIES!You said that on Lana Del Rey's new album there was a collab with Sam Smith and guess what? It's a fucking lie! 
Chibok: 500 days in Boko Haram captivity: Relatives of the missing Chibok schoolgirls will hold a youth march ... 
@user @user @user Pastors every Sunday believe that all Palestinian deaths are justified as Israel ""belongs"" to the Jewish." 
"Ok, she's against gay marriage &amp; blah blah, but she's been married 4 times. Isn't divorce frowned upon in the bible? 
@user pls TV5 just get that sucker’s leg (rvp) broken 4 me on saturday pls!! 
@user Murray will take you apart on Monday. One break of serve each set will be enough for Andy. Your return game is shit! 
Wall Street analysts are estimating Atlantic City casinos may be down 10% for the year because of Sandy 
No new Grey’s or Scandal. :( Must be a sign that I’m supposed to study for our exam Monday... (which I completely forgot about!) 
What a tool @user is once again - Fans leaving in the 7th inning in Washington today is brutal.Period. No reason to go after Harper. 
OKC Thunder center Kendrick Perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury 
"To whom it may concern, Paper Towns is on the stupidest movies I have ever seen, don't see it, for real" 
Fuck it... no one pays attention anyhow.. THIS! Next Tuesday on @user the original Nirvana drummer Chad Channing! @user 
"Welp, blue jays saying fuck pitch counts. David Price back in for the 8th." 
"Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other TouchWiz devices may also be vulnerable #ops" 
Nuit Blanche is this weekend and with it comes seeing people I miss a lot. WHY ISN'T IT SATURDAY YET?!?! #fb 
it's August 15 and Frank Ocean still hasn't dropped an album 
News channels should stop telecasting the Yakub's news. It may lead 2 communal disturbance. Rather they can cover Abdul Kalam's last journey 
@user Clinton, Panetta, Petraeus we will not #StandDown on Nov 6 or Nov 7 or Nov 8th. Do the right thing now. #WeWillNotLetThisGo" 
I just remembered im not going to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow so nobody talk to me tomorrow its gonna be a horrible day. 
We 10th cuz the ACC is garbage. Big East has tore them up all year 
"""""Harry Styles is leaving One Direction and going to form a two-man band with Ed on the 31st of February."""" and I’m married to Obama" 
@user Serena&gt;Venus yes.  If Asante Samuel doesn't drop an easy int Eli may not even be with Giants anymore.  You are Eli #overrated 
@user That's just the tip of the iceberg. There's a tsunami of BBC bullshit heading your way if JC wins on Saturday. 
This booth had a sign that said Frank ocean may have disappointed you but we promise we won't lmaoooo 
i just don't wanna miss anything it sucks waking up and realising that Zayn came back to 1D and the 5th album is out. 
Just watched the whole 2nd season of Breakout Kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show -.- 
@user just went to HMV and meek mills album don't come out till Monday #pissed #dreamsandnightmares #dreamsandnightmares 
"Once again Dustin Johnson is leading early in the tourny, which means he has plenty of time to screw it up on ether Saturday or Sunday" 
Hearing that #ToKillAMockingbird and #GoSetAWatchman have identical passages gives more reason not to read it... Watchman is a 1st draft! 
@user @user @user Christianity may disapprove of lefty morality, but Islam will kill over it.  Doesn't make sense." 
JLS need to shut the fuck up. All they are doing is warming the stage for Runrig on Saturday! 
I like Taylor Swift as much as the next man but Bad Blood may be the single worst song ever created in the history of mankind. 
Dongwoo gets so scared the whole time. This is like the 5th time he got scared because of the staff that’s filming them lol ... 
fuck i want to go into the city tomorrow. deGROM and Thor are gonna be at macys 
@user Y don't u ask ur reporters to collect pottys of Yakub menon so tomorrow you can sell it as Secular fertiliser..rubbish reporting shame 
"Tough day for the NHL community.  RIP Pavol Demitra, died in a plane crash this morning. Heaven just got a hell of a center." 
"Yeah, everything is Zayn's fault.Even if we get a hurricane tomorrow, it's gonna be Zayn's fault.u guys r disgusting 
And some fools still believe Boko Haram are Muslims. They kill more Muslims than Christians. How does that make sense? May Allah help us all 
 Feels weird watching an Apple event with so much suffering going on in Syria :-/ 
Republican club meets tomorrow. That's where you complain about Obama and praise Donald trump and his hypocritical thoughts. 
Silent house was ass, when a stranger calls was ass, the woman in black was ass and Friday the 13th is also ass 
USA Golf Today Bob Ryan: Tiger now a JAG (Just Another Guy): Bob Ryan of the 'Boston Globe' called Tiger Woods ... 
Justin Bieber was steady flashing so many symbols in his sorry video am afraid I may have been unknowingly initiated into the illuminati. 
Someone may want to check on Dana White.... He's somewhere sick right now 
Bill Maher is the perfect example of how gross and ignorant liberal idols may be 
Saudi Arabia orders execution of teenager for attending a PROTEST Yale fools want to repeal 1st amendment.. 
"RNDM has a beef with music videos Debut album """"Acts"""" out on Oct 30, 2012 
GOP leaders are willing and ready for the government to shutdown over funding of Planned Parenthood. Funding runs out September 30th. 
Gossip Girl was pulled on Monday because of Hurricane Sandy... I hate you bitch. 
in 8th grade i harassed a 7th grader telling him he looked like michael jackson every day and he just walked past me. he still looks like MJ 
KEPR: State DOT: Snoqualmie Pass lane closures may cause delays: If a trip over the Cascades via Interstate 90 is in... 
This may be the weirdest thing I've ever #Seen .  Fireworks by Katy Perry (Yoko Ono cover) 
"""""Justin is nominated for 5 Grammy Awards"""" Thats weird? Considering that the nominations dont get announced til December.." 
@user no one should care why Jameis may still be the best player in CFB. It's a completely moot point in context of current scandal 
6th circuit &amp; SCOTUS denied #KimDavis appeals &amp; upheld Bunnings order, what the heck makes her crappy lawyer think they'll do something now? 
@user I may not make it to Anatomy in the morning due to a WD40 overdose 
Awkward when Marni in Halloweentown  completely changes people between the 3rd and 4th movie #imsickandnothingison 
@user Also, the Red Sox do not have a challenge. They lost it in the 9th. This shouldn't be reviewed." 
The Brick$quad is the Yankees of 8th period English III with Doc Caputo. #targetonourbacks #hatedbyall #champions 
"If McGregor loses tomorrow night, Dana White will be the most butthurt dude on planet Earth" 
AC/DC is in Toronto tomorrow and I can't believe I'm gonna miss it 
1 pillar of death is visiting another tomorrow 7am. George Osborne visiting Faslane Some people just can't take a hint #toriesnotwelcome 
"Quoting Tony Blair ""All the hallmarks of Al Qaeda."" What, u know this within 2 hrs or less than 1st attack? Wtf?... 
@user Thank you @user to make Hollande come here after Obama snubbed Charlie Hebdo march and Paris is a national embarrassment 
Non stop Harry Potter in our house since Friday! Make it stop!!! 
@user @user fukkin loser it's totally abt Mariah Carey however studies show now she may be one-upped by u 
Aftr network drop Amazon prime streaming deal for 2 more years make the show unsignable for 3rd season by anybdy but amazon. 
"Lmao, I swear I couldn't stomach Naruto anymore when they came out with Shippuden. I had to peace out. 
"Can’t watch Rafa’s """"I’ll be back"""" video til the end, it’s too heartbreaking :( plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in AO 5th set..." 
@user ...and if I may say so...you should be asking why rich Arab states aren't taking in Muslims refugees...they take Arabs. 
why are people hating on LP for their win? It’s their night. And we’re gonna trend again anyways after we beat Westlake Saturday so save it 
Kurt Cobain has been dead for 21 years and he's dropping a solo album in November and I'm still waiting for Frank Ocean's new album 
"The Mets get David Wright back tonight. But as Nats fans know, that's not automatically a good thing for the Mets. 
@user I go to church every Sunday since I was little. I’ve sinned, but idk. Young Life is great but they have the wrong idea about 
@user Friday represented the worst terrorist incident in Europe since the Charlie Hebdo attacks: Chicago Tribune 
@user And I don't think it helps that tomorrow is Labour Day haha. Yup, fingers crossed that some stores put it out!" 
@user @user @user only love 4 the IRA protected us against you fucking pigs remenber bloody sunday brit army true colours 
And NOW we have no power! :( I wonder if CES does since it is only two blocks away? Kiddos may be coming home from school. 
@user @user Heat didn’t start the season like that in their 1st year. LA lost to MAVS with no Dirk! Pathetic! 
I may ask my doctor for Ambien on election night. I’d rather sleep through it and hope I wake up to footage of Mitt crying over his loss. 
"Not happy that I'm working through the advance screening tomorrow, so still have to wait OVER TWO WEEKS to see Paper Towns #wallofcow" 
i was going to Justin Biebers concert Tomorrow at dallas . buh the tickets had sold out.  ;’c @user 
When you realize that the Twilight 10th Anniversary Edition isn't the same height as the original hardcovers :'( 
"Sophos is the Lamest Virus Ever...: Starting September 19, Sophos successfully became the lamest... |InfoSecIsland" 
Legitimately crying at the KSU football hype video that transitions directly from John Cena's theme to that sad Friday Night Lights music 
Ignored again Man C v Ajax ITV Tues, Celtic v Barca SkyS2 Wed, @user sort it out ya fuds 
"Stoops admits he wouldn't believe they'd be 2nd in the country in interceptions. """"I gotta be honest there.""""" 
Only way you can legitimately put 'George Osborne' &amp; 'moral choice' in the same sentence is when he is one. A bad one 
"Surprised they actually dealt with May so extensively, says a lot about how Islam is used in Saudi Arabia.  
wow there’s two @user just put the previews on iTunes already they’ll all be leaked by Monday 
Hot Jam shouldn't have been on a Monday night &gt;.&lt; I have finals in the morning I can't go /: 
Gisele Bundchen Scared In Her Marriage To Tom Brady?: Everything may not be going well in the paradise for the... 
Our service pple living on the streets while Muslims get homes and all the help they need our priorities so wrong 
Remember how much Charlie Hebdo inched up the dehumanizations of muslims worldwide? that was pittance compared to what will happen tomorrow 
"On Monday, Boko Haram extremists raided a village in Borno state near the border with Niger, killing 7 people,... 
I just can't believe I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with a dude that doesn't get how good Nirvana is....... Like dude c'mon 
"Well Jokes apart, today or tomorrow Yakub has to meet with with 72 Hoors. S" 
Too early to sentence Kane.. he is actually shit but u nid 2 gv him time 2 shw up .. eben ladt year he got his 1st epl goals quite late 
if we did this we would be tackled by security run over by niall &amp; then have him tweet how much he hates us 
Troops of the 7 Division Nigerian Army on Friday engaged dozens of Boko Haram terrorists in a blood... #badotweet 
R.I.P Runako Morton. Sad day for West Indies cricket. 
"May the hammer of thor fall on the head of any @user player that tweets some shit like "".....we failed the fans,but we have to move on""" 
"Most boring superstar of boxing ever sets up another mismatch ""Floyd Mayweather confirms he will fight Andre Berto  
My mama paying for that dumb ass hulu shxt she may as well get netflix. 
@user David price done the same thing. And got his cunt kicked in a 2nd time 
@user We had a group of 12 4 dinner. As soon as sat down they started saying Obama is dead to us. Who in the fuck need "friends" 
@user see the attacks on iran by christofascist zionist cabal. Primarily for oil, 2nd, for hegemony. groups get scared. they see libya" 
"#CNET - Just bought my 1st iPad, iPad3, feeling real burned, mad, about iPad4 so soon. Grrr. REALLY mad! Don't even care about mini now," 
The Sun, for people lacking brain cells and David Cameron.   Pull the trigger 
Joe Biden may not have the "emotional energy" to run for Prez but no problem with the energy level necessary for VP job? #mtp @user 
Joe Biden for Presient? Really? He may be a nice guy, but the man is a buffoon. 
At least I’m going to eastern tomorrow. Livonia can scratch my balls. 
@user It seems that PMK leader may be wrongly advised about Yakub acts.PMK leader may think that he is patriot. 
Giving him till the 24th to fix his shit or else anyone who tells me they like Frank Ocean is gonna get slapped 
2nd attempt at watching PLL Halloween special. I hope my dad doesn't come and ruin it! 
"I am telling you come what may, Kareena Kapoor will not win a National Award for Heroine." 
"The mayor of Venice wants to ban a gay pride march, and already bans books in school about gay issues apparently. 
h. i'm going to make a twitter to use on my ipod at school/work tomorrow bc this fucks up my notifs 
@user Germany will be crying in two yrs time as Islam swallows it turning it 3rd world. 
Waiting for a phone call off the head of Joseph Wright.  But I might have to go back to Benedicts tomorrow! :( #GodHelpMe 
@user The sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore. There has been a shift. Astrology is a myth. 
Iran Says New U.S. Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact. All the Ayatollahs want is the Terrorism Billion$ 
"I'm fuckin Joel Skinners daughter! """"you mean the same asshole that held Kenny Lofton at 3rd in game 6 of the ALCS"""" @user 
Brian Cushing out for Thursday.  Mike Mohamed and Justin Tuggle on Dwayne Allen and Coby Fleener is going to be a problem. #Texans 
Assam Congress leader Nilomoni sen deka reffered Smritini Irani as PM's 2nd wife..And Still Rahul Gandhi talks about women Empowerment. 
If you don’t pipe down I’m gonna injure Tim Howard so you have to watch Jan Mucha all year !! #InsultSomeoneLikeTysonFury 
@user yes they do &amp; its sad that Kerry being the 1st AA woman in 40 yrs to b lead on a show was reduced to a guest star on her on show 
"The verbal feud between boxer Floyd Mayweather and the UFC's?? Ronda Rousey??continued into Thursday, when Mayweather issued a response to" 
@user You may have noticed that militant atheists, being the cowards they are, prefer to pick on Christians." 
@user  I have not read the links yet, will do. Agree Erdogan is problem, Turkish people not stupid.  May not last til election. 
@user be careful that you're not using the same font as Nike or they may say it's trademark infringement for their slogan just do it 
I miss one day & it seems like they’re about to give me ISS tomorrow. #wtf #pt 
"If I die at knott's tomorrow, it won't be bc of the monsters it'll be by seeing all the cute couples while I'm alone just chillin" 
Shiiiiit my SATs is on Saturday. I'm going to fail. :c 
As further proof we may be in our final days I submit the astounding discovery that there are actual Kim Kardashian fans. 
Where the fuck are all the celebrities like Gaga and Jason Derulo supporting Kesha like they did in January..THIS IS EVEN WORSE THAN JANUARY 
Not going to carnival Tomorrow :( 
Actor Amy Schumer gets famous and the 1st thing she does? Make Leftwing comments re gun control. I won't act if you stay out of policy. 
I feel bad for Camila after all..1st Ausmila for publicity (cus I don't believe that shit was real) now with Shawn.. Let the girl be in love 
Hey @user fuck you. I don't have Internet until Thursday and my Xbox one won't even let me sign onto my account offline. 
"George Osborne, demagogue, the man who gives control of the security of the UK to a foreign power 
everything hurts and we're leaving to go to the White House at 8:30 AM with plans for 9 hours after and my body may actually collapse 
@user @user shame on you for calling this ""war on terror"".. May Allah destroy this nation who have taken arms against Islam" 
"""""No you may not kick it.""""  -Tribe Called Quest answering a text from Billy Cundiff" 
"Stylistically this is a horrible match up for Rousey, look at the stats. I won't be surprised if Rousey takes the L in January #UFC195" 
I can't believe it's been 12 years since I lost my Big Brother. Today is his birthday and tomorrow is mine. When... 
@user  Alex Kim Kardashian worth how to love Kim Kardashian she's so bad Sun Conure to 
@user Hi, was offered the 6 months free Netflix last Tuesday and was told it takes 5 days to receive a code but haven't got anything" 
".@gshevlin Oh, 'conservative' @user even ripped Frank Gifford over Vietnam after he died, she may be more than just an asshole" 
If it's U2 I'm breaking all my Apple devices 
Sarah Palin says immigrants to the US should 'speak American'. Just think: she could have been the Vice President 
@user listed as star attraction for Aust-China event today. Rudd’s office say he never committed, PR in charge says he cancelled Friday. 
@user Sunday night isn’t a big tv night for me. Besides AR, I was watching Army Wives but I heard a rumor it’s not been renewed. 
March 3rd 2010 -Do you think Kevin Rudd is superficial?  Yes 85.3%(6513 votes) No 14.7%(1122 votes) Rudd being revealed as a failure #auspol 
Watching Saturday Kitchen and for some reason it’s annoying me that Rachel Khoo looks slightly off camera when cooking 
"This @user fine thing sounds like the ejection rule in CFB. Yes the ejection may be called back, but hey, you still get the penalty!" 
#youtubepolitics This is such BS.I may not make it to watch Bill Clinton lay one on Fluke! 
@user calling up Bernie Sanders to just run as a Lib and give us the option for a 3rd party bc these two suck. 
Both dope songs but Kendrick has a message Future just goin dumb on auto tune  
Carnival Tomorrow! Wanted to rest but I don't think I could resist the temptation ! 
@user paid for Amazon prime. 2nd day my products hasn't arrived how does your company resolve this...Tells me it will be here tomorrow! 
"Two Muslims destroyed an art floor of 6th c. Christian church in Galillee. Since the criminals aren't Jews, MSM will not report it." 
And Donald Trump is just like MLK - what an idiot  
i probably failed my exam today but at least i was the 5th like on Kim Kardashian's insta pic 
Need some advice. How can I spin the WKU loss now? After MTSU beat them in Bowling Green the microwavers may be right. 
Just realized I'm friends with Miss Teen USA 4th runner up and wondering why I don't try harder to talk to her. 
"Just when I thought Scott Walker couldn't become any more monstrous, he goes and puts on those jeans  
Monta Ellis commits his 1st foul! He’s cold with 2 missed FTs, a foul and a miss to start Q3. #Bucks trail #Bulls 70-60, mid Q3. 
"Scariest man alive. Kendrick Perkins is close 2nd """"@jemelehill Ray Lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice" 
"Reason y shdnt discuss religion is I may make u hate Pak, but if I made u hate Islam, then i do a bigger sin @user @user 
Democrats will say #BlackLivesMatter as they march you right up to the doorstep of Planned Parenthood. 
"#Thisweek Whoever decided Carly Fiorina needed a ""makeover"",sadly, may have cost her the election." 
"This is ball shit because I broken my ankle on Sunday at football the army won’t let me in for 1year thanks Callum """"Twat""""" 
#NoFucksGivinFebruary Just don’t give a shit about anything, this may pose a problem on Valentines though 
"Tom Brady seriously said ""...to a large degree, we have all lost."" C'mon man!  Can you not even briefly pretend not to be a huge douche?" 
I'm sat watching the worst Harry Potter film ugh 
Maybe she won't...but shit then again maybe she will... - She Will ft Drake coming out today ! Single off CARTER IV ! 
@user Ya never would have thought you'd lose 2 games when kershaw had leads going into the 7th 
The IRA terrorist may be suspected of Killing 4 British Soldiers but he probably killed a lot more. The IRA... 
Also...is it just a teeny bit gay that they want to spend their friday night wanking on a biscuit together? 
@user @user one other thing is that im gonna hear John Cena on monday complaining how he lost so... for me.. not really 
Why take the elevator from the 1st floor of Pope to the 2nd? Why? 
More than 3 years since @user called for the International Criminal Court to try Tony Blair for war crimes 
David L. Bunning has begun the Fed's jihad against Christians by throwing Kim Davis into prison. May he burn in Hell forever. 
"Drudge Update: Crisis adds to anxiety about Islam... - Crisis adds to anxiety about Islam... (Third column, 4th st... 
Too Soon? Amazon Opens Black Friday Deals Store: Thanksgiving is weeks away, the World Series only ended on Sund... 
"Vic has a bias for action. He may need to do more work on strategy."   Inside the failure of Google+: via @user 
Actually, I’d like to omit The Vaccines from my top 10 and move Kasabian in at 9th, with The Enemy dropping to 10th. Told you I can’t do it. 
@user too bad Rodgers and GB did nothing through air after 1stQ! I hope Tomorrow does good too, just not Tony Romo #spellcheckjoke" 
I really don’t want to go to ISS tomorrow... -_- 
a$ap mob are at fucking earls court on the 30th for red bull culture class and its motherfucking sold out fucking FUCK 
I'm bummed with Amazon Prime right now. I ordered something and it was supposed to be delivered today, but it wasn't and I leave tomorrow :( 
Don't care Tom Brady and the patriots organization are cheaters! 
'BBC warned George Osborne it would have to axe BBC2 and BBC4 due to cuts' | Media | The Guardian 
it's August 22nd and Frank Ocean's album has still not dropped. 
on october 25 2011 I told taylor swift i wouldn’t listen to her until she wrote about something else. one year later and here we are still. 
If Price fights either Klitschko, they’ll definitely not want him wearing 10 ouncers. May as well be bare knuckle. #price 
Liz is kinda dumb when it comes to men. DNA swapping isn’t even bad in Port Charles, it’s just called Tuesday. #GH 
RT @user Final Destination 5?! Look man its gone far enough allow it &lt; I didn't know a 4th existed :/ Ahh 
@user I'm disappointed that you didn't lead with the death of Frank Gifford tonite..He was an institution on Monday Night Football smh 
"ASU Pajamas or Northglenn Pajamas tomorrow? Trust me, its harder than you think." 
Donny Osmond may be all over my tv but he isnt telling enough people that he was in Mulan and thats what im thinking now come on Donny. 
Missing  Foo Fighters concert on the 12th at the gorge though so that's a major bummer 
"#religionofpeace, if all Muslims disappeared tomorrow the world would be a better place" 
Indian Air Force may not go with Israel a second time 
"In a world where Kanye West is president and Miley Cyrus performs a song saying she smoke pot and love peace, I may as well kill myself!" 
"So Aston Villa have a """"must win"""" game against Norwich City tomorrow lunchtime.  MUST WIN - how the mighty have fallen." 
I honestly am 100% burned out with school. I may just end this education journey now. I cant stand this stress anymore. 
@user hmm if this Friday is the 28 then it's away at Seaholm. Next home is hc :( 
I'd rather get punched in the face by john cena than go to school tomorrow smh 
Listening to Bad Blood on the radio 1st time: this is awful 8: people like this? 15: that bass line isn't so bad  Now: NOW WE GOT BAD BLOOD 
"Frank Ocean's new album is rumored to drop tomorrow and I hope it does, but I know it's not gonna happen" 
"Megavideo is being SUCH a little bitch tonight. I don't understand it. Ugh. I just want to watch the last episode of Merlin, kay" 
I hope the servers for the new naruto game are great. Cause the 3rd's game server sucks ass 
@user I personally think the IRA was political- injustice against Catholics may've been the motivating force. Islamists mad dogs. 
@user how is it that someone who is HIV positive can be charged, but people who may have ebola are not penalized for moving in public" 
Twitter on Sunday in NZ is a fucking hellmouth of talking about awful shitty reality TV - I'll just watch this Grateful Dead doc #OldManEady 
Values learnt in starting never ends ... Mr Sanjay Nirupam is feeling sad with Rahul Gandhi and he may go back to join Shivsena ! A.K.SINGH 
Probably not going to be seeing much of the Semi-finals tomorrow because I’m going shopping around lunchtime 
@user if you haven't seen Hulk Hogan's twitter feed yet... it may be a display of a bad week getting even worse... 
"If she handles blood samples in a way that she could get ebola, she should probably get tested for HepC instead. 
Bears suffer a 2-1 loss at SDSU tonight next up - No. 4/5 UCLA on Sunday in Los Angeles #GoBears 
I should remember that I may not care what Apple is announcing,but I do care about massive #sf disruptions like Apple @ Bill Graham. #fb 
omg the music video comes out tomorrow! Btw I still can’t get over Harry’s voice :’) 
@user bitch you sucked dick you got more than a bumper sticker and you may have been a Bentley but now you a prius 
May not agree with gay marriage! #KimDavis has been married 4 times but yet has the right to tell someone not to marry? Huh Stay married 1st 
@user If Kane doesn't find his Nov-Mar form again I think they could be in for a very bad season. Dier-Mason is the kind of... 
@user @user aaron, if you take my Netflix and chill girl we are fighting tomorrow 
@user @user @user he has supported Islamic,IRA terror through out his whole 6th form teachers lefty lounge career" 
I'm turning 20 the day Liverpool will loose away to Utd and Chelsea win away to Everton on Sep 12  It actually couldn't be worse 
#NHForum live: Bobby Jindal said 1st thing, he'd repeal O's executive orders (immigration, EPA...) #TCOT #PJNET #CCOT 
Enough with the reality TV. One broadcaster had an original idea and dumped it. Terra Nova deserves a 2nd chance. Up for it? 
@user over critical of fleetwood mac, he may have been a little bias and edited some things out... just a theory :D 
"Well, this is just embarrassing #immigrantlivesmatter Scott Walker and 'birthright citizenship' via @user 
"""""@Reality_Touch: Hamid Mir has rejected the negative views of Saleem Safi,Sana bucha & Kamran Shahid on PTI peace march. Read his tweets !""""" 
@user And the father of the Speaker of the Knesset works for Kirill. My 1st argument that Active Measures are severe in Israel. 
"Just a quick note- Hulk Hogan was a bad wrestler anyway. C'mon now, the leg drop? Give me a break.  Back to real sports- Go Yankees!" 
@user Relaxing?U have a match with Chelsea tomorrow.Oh,I see.U don’t wanna get owned by Chelsea’s youngsters like Bale did.#shame #cfc 
Kanye West running for President with Kim K as the First Lady may be one of the worst ideas I've ever heard in my entire life. 
To anyone in Briana's family who may stumble upon this let it be known that we've always believed you're bottom of the barrel trash but that 
"Friday demonstrations: several Palestinians injured by IOF fire: On Christmas Day, protests against the Israel... 
Cos the @user appears now to be run by 3rd world dictators whose agenda is to libel Israel? 
@user The Bubby Brister Memorial Worst QB of the week goes to Christian Ponder, -16.82. Sorry, kid. Geno/Vick have to be 2nd worst." 
Massive thunderstorm over Milan last night. A few more of those expected across the coming days. Friday looking sketchy. 
@user how about you make a system that doesn't eat my friggin discs. This is the 2nd time this has happened and I am so sick of it! 
Brock Lesnar coming to ESPN tomorrow. To be safe I am going 300 miles away. Let him kill @user and @user 
"I can't lie that ""Black Friday"" my baby Nicki took an L, fuck Kim she been ran thru more than McDonalds drivethru  
@user  I laugh to death!!!lol!! Don't trust the translation of google anymore! It's is full of errors!! btw u played truant today .\_/.! 
"Well... it looks like Resident Evil 6 may divided gamer like Operation Raccoon City did. Oh well, shit happens." 
shit that pisses me off: Men that complain about International Women's Day and don't realise International Men's Day is Nov 19th. SUCK BALLS 
Terrible play call on 2nd and 7. Victor Cruz on a slant? TE? Nicks sideline? How about any of those? 
"Lost to the Red Sox? DAMN! C'mon Yankees, gotta keep beating up on the bottom feeders." 
Not going to school because YOLO... & because my essay is so not gonna be ready by tomorrow. 
@user I won't be by my PS4 until tomorrow night at the earliest :( 
@user @user Egg-head! Don't sit on Twilight's head, you may have to go to the hospital after that." 
how jokes is it that edgar davids plays for barnet now and wtf happened in the leeds-wednesday game tonight?!?! 
"2nd episode of Family Guy , I missed It the first time (:" 
Caitlyn Jenner may be responsible for the death of Jon Benet Ramsey (and someone else) via @user #LGBT 
I am manipulative: Knightley: Los Angeles, Nov 2: Actress Keira Knightley says although she does not like some t... 
But now you pay George Osborne more tax....yip yip xx  
"This is a free country that believes in equality but if you (or your father) were born in Iran or Syria, you're FOREVER a 2nd class citizen" 
The Devil Inside may be the worst movie I’ve ever seen. 
RT @user Maybe I'm just to damn emotion   :-\/ good night Irene 
RT @user if it was Barcelona that scored that 2nd Man United goal you would all be BREADING them. Haters. 
Wish I was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone :( stupid surgery 
Just watched the What Makes You Beautiful video and I may have teared up. I shouldn’t be allowed to be home alone 
@user @user I’m on the last 3 episodes for the 10th time. I still want to bootfuck Phil & Johnny sac every time they talk. 
when is UVa just gonna cancel classes for tomorrow already? JESUS 
Bottom of the 10th, 2-2 count, and security hassles the John 3:16 guy behind the plate. 
@user he's a has been. One season wonder like Kane. He'll be gone come the end of the season when Chelsea finish 6th again. 
Briana just sat her ass there while Matt said he's done with her sister? This chic!  She deserves everything she gets! #LittleWomenLA 
@user @user if you don't know why people hate Tony Blair maybe wonder if you're in the right party? Writing for the Sun don't help 
"What a wimp Hulk Hogan is for apologizing after making remarks about blacks then apologizing.On Don Says, Saturday at 
Listening to Sean Parker's Hipster International mix on Spotify. I think this fact may make me a terrible person. 
Lakh of cases R pending in supreme court even than Yakub's case being heard 6/7th time today as if there no work in court.public want answer 
@user the sermon for all supposedly victimized Christians has already been written for this upcoming Sunday. 
Sounds like Frank Gifford just did not wake up Sunday morning. Just a guess from what I have read. 
oh c'mon.. how on earth is Adam Lambert not nominated for multiple awards !!??  he's far better than Kendrick Lamar !!  #GRAMMYnoms #GRAMMYs 
#tech Apple CEO apologizes for error-ridden new map app - Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized Friday for the company&#039;... 
@user Oh PLEASE! He’s been every political affiliation under the sun.    #RomneyRyan2012 and hey CBS one word: BENGHAZI now THAT’S news. 
@user Citizens are confused on Yakub undoubtedly he is a traitor and 2nd is he is traitor turned informer .... let RAW win. 
I hate @user right now. How dare you pick Tom Brady in the 4th round. 
Ahm this does not excuse Muslims killing millions all over the world though. Don't get excited  
"If Justin and Shawn don't unite tomorrow I will kill myself it's been too long, how have they not met yet" 
@user wall to wall people on the platform at South Norwalk waiting for the 8:08. Thanks for the Sat. Sched. Great sense 
To all the people who will buy Go Set a Watchman tomorrow:  go buy/read To Kill a Mockingbird instead 
"And tomorrow Nicki is going to be seen as ""a raging angry black women"" for calling Miley out of something that she is GUILTY for" 
Last day of BCA tomorrow. -Lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer. :( 
So I was at Dunkin and this idiot messed up my order 4 times then he said he wasn't giving me my order the 5th like what the hell he stupid. 
"I had a bad feeling the 1st time I heard ""will be greeted as liberators."" Also, you forgot Saudi Arabia. 
"Mehdi Hasan enraging Twitter on a Sunday? C'mon, at least give us a day off." 
"Hulk Hogan Retweets a Blaring Statement About President Obama and the N-Word (But, Hulk is a BITCH!)  via @user 
Overheard: being gay at church on sunday - me: now back to this bitch who had a lot to say about me during... 
it doesn't matter that iona doesn't have school tomorrow because 1. i hate school 2. we don't have snow days 
Imma cry if Cena win the WWE Title this Sunday. There is no way he should tie Ric Flair's record for most world title reigns 
@user @user yet you dont focus on issues of the 1st amendment. You drag out every thing you can bash about Christians. 
@user Tell us abou the teenagers Saudi Arabia is chopping heads off. C'mon, peope want to know.  #BoycottSaudiArabia" 
@user so you personally don't have the right to say any sort of shit about them. a few immature ones may comment rude shit on briana 
Soo pissed had a crazy day at work and I totally forgot it's October 3rd fucking Aaron Samuels! 
Wendy Williams sat there and literally made transphobic comments about Caitlyn Jenner and yet you don't see anything wrong?? 
I do not like Kanye west. Yes I may like a few of his songs but other than that he's an idiot 
@user c'mon now that's unfair I'm sure it's just because his Mum forgot to put his shirt in the drier #griffithvotes 
@user is the 1st to call a Black man a NIGGAZ &amp; Call Black Women BITCHES. Why? He SUPPORTS Planned Parenthood. 
In case you forgot Panthers are horrible on defense. Pathetic. Ranked 27th against run and their top CB (Gamble) is out w/ injury. #Cowboys 
Even the Pope thinks Cameron is a douche 
@user @user Actually Todd here is starving for a theocracy; nothing new under the sun. Fox fans those flames. Easy to sell fear 
Yo if u don't vote Nov 6th for Frank Bolanos for Mayor of Doral....drop kicks and elbows to the face maa niggaa. 
What the crap, NBC? The Voice does NOT belong on Thursday nights. I need my 30 Rock, Parks and Red, and The Office. And I want #Community! 
Migraine since Saturday & a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it’s located. Any more and I’ll be rocking a Marie Colvin eyepatch 
Was gonna see Inside Out again tomorrow but I found it a bit disappointing so we'll probably watch Ant-Man again 
@user IRA parade walked past my flat last Sunday with hunger striker &amp; internment banners. Clear enough? @user 
@user and you think the sun shines of out Tony Blair's ass....you are no better than a paid shill 
@user So? They put Tebow in the top 100 and a fucking fullback in the top 100.  BTW Ray Lewis was 3rd on the overrated thing. Yup... 
what people? Just Kim 8 fans? Lol girl that mixtape died with her unborn baby. We all know she use Nicki for promo.  
Sam smith just came on. I sat down. I will not rave to that guy 
I think i may be wasting my time with them...So i will just leave it alone but what comes around goes around...Karm is a BITCH 
@user Justin's girl, lost the baby!She was due the 20th... And then placenta had burst inside of her, and the baby wasn't receiving air 
"Sunday was ""National Ice Cream Day,"" and today is ""National Junk Food Day.""""National Type 2 Diabetes Life,"" is just around the corner, ppl" 
#BJPBlackMoneyDhokha  Chowkidar Modi is sun cahoots with black money hoarders 
I'm probably jynxing it. But David Price has a no hitter going into the 4th 
"Closed tomorrow...I don't think anyone saw that coming 
You may be shocked to learn that Kobe Bryant does not agree with ESPN ranking him the NBA's 40th best player. Video: 
"Again, Shekau absent in new Boko Haram video: The military said on Sunday that it had freed 178 people held ca...  
"If we don't go on senior trip with the Malvern people, where are we vacationing to? No matter what, we aren't going to be in Ohio June 3rd." 
Frank ocean not dropping his new album in July is the reason why I have trust issues 
This mess is coming towards us tomorrow. SPC has a slight risk out for tomorrow, and we’ll know more about what it... 
@user you red tops are so biased towards London clubs slagging Rooney off for not scoring then say Kane should be ENG 1st choice 
"Well Obama, you sat on your ass, Eblola is gaining ground as is ISIS. Ebola is striking, next is ISIS on US land  U call yourself a leader" 
Why is the David Beckham so positive about the England team, we are shite if we don't hit 8/9 on Sat then that is disgraceful set of cretins 
Reminder - We will NOT be at the Eastern Market event for tomorrow night... Weather not cooperating ! See u Thursday in Farmington Hills ! 
It is not just poor management of the municipal solid waste that may cause failure of Swachh Bharat campaign in Bhopal 
49ersParadise HOP: Pick your poison: Eliminating Vernon Davis comes with a price [BEE-BLOG]: Mon, 29 Oct 2012 8:... 
What does Chris Evans have in common with Jeremy? The potential to be the most irritating man on ghe planet. 
87 years of Italian Serie A history produced a first for Juventus on Sunday: they lost at home on the opening day of the season 
@user the judgement of someone's TV fandom from someone who enjoys The Bachelor and Big Brother is worth sh*t. Night, see ya tomorrow!!" 
This was bozo Trump's moronic Charlie Hebdo tweet from back in January - not about last night's atrocity.  
Here’s video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost Florida a shot at the National Championship: 
We can make the 27th iPhone, interactive robots, and grow brains but yet MCDONALDS CAN NEVER KEEP THEIR ICE CREAM MACHINE WORKING. 
Jason Russell's breakdown may is a result of the overdose of the red color. When i look at the KONY signs i start to feel sick @user 
@user True.  I just can't get into Seth Rollins and I never will.  So I'm salty I have to hear his whining tomorrow on #RAW 
I may be late.. But Kanye West just wasted 10 mins of my life ill never get back with the STUPIDEST speech known to man...wow lol 
"Right? Even if he wasn't the target, he's on the block &amp; it's Big Brother, c'mon. #BB17  
@user I may not agree with Wilkie's ideas but he has proven he is a man of principle...It's a pity Peter Garrett cannot say the same. 
Rediff Live! Hundreds of Afghans on Thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet Mohamm... 
@user It's from January in response to the Charlie Hebdo shooting. Misleading, I'll admit. But certainly an indication of character." 
Damnit Amazon! When you say you're going to ship something on the 8th, I expect it to ship on the 8th! 
"Sat here and tried to listen to Kendrick Lamar because as much i do slander, i still try to see the appeal. He still wack to me" 
I was gonna see Ed Sheeran tomorrow but nooo it sold before I could buy my ticket. Same with Halsey 
May jus have to fuck with those Hawks tomorrow! Niggas luv a deal 
C'mon now people choosing political figures from a music video award show Kanye West is just as money hungry as anyone 
"DTN USA: Charlie Sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: He may have looked like he was ""winning,"" but actor C... 
Yakub may not be hanged because Hindus are not united. This is the sad and bitter truth. Live with it. 
Boko Haram Slits Throats Of 10 Fishermen Near Lake Chad: Boko Haram insurgents on Monday slit the throats of t... 
Shame on you David Cameron for not opening Britain's doors to refugees. People may not like it but it is your job to persuade them. 
Sarah Palin got French &amp; Spanish "all mixed up" in High School. She would, wouldn't she. 
One of the summer's biggest questions: When did we start acting like JURASSIC PARK was an all time classic and not 2nd tier Spielberg? 
"It's 16 Oct 1834 and the ancient Houses of Parliament are on fire: @user is 'live'-tweeting this """"forgotten national catastrophe""""" 
@user @user @user like when Chris Evans was sick once and she sat in the kitchen for 2 hours crying 
Sooooo.... we think you Whovians may have just crashed the People’s Choice Awards site. - doctorwho: Or,... 
Jordan Rhodes was NOT jeered last night like this bellend in the sun is reporting!!! 
Kobe Bryant smiling as he re-enters the game with the Lakers losing 91-63 in the 4th quarter. Probably insanity settling in. 
"Opinion: Sheriff Hammond should apologize for his ""inflammatory"" comments about Islam. 
@user at any rate Harper is sinking fast he is talking resignation after 19 Oct. 
@user If Spurs hadn't got that result mate you guys would have been 1st up. Have you heard SAF moaning.  4mins injury time an insult. 
@user cheers 4 the ticket ed 4 wednesday ,Steve looks a bit like Ricky gervais #ugly fucker 
Stupid view completely one sided. Do you think we enjoyed media bias on Yakub death sentence?  
@user get the new frequency, the phone you have now may not work on their LTE network anymore. But HSPA is always the same." 
Scott Walker is going to Dreamland tomorrow which is reason enough not to vote for him. 
I thought I had enough strength for the Hannibal finale. Tomorrow is lost. 
"Floyd Mayweather should  buy 1st row for all who beat the hell out of Berto, Berto should buy 1st row for the judge who sent Floyd to jail." 
i remember when zayn left i took down all my posters and sat in my 1d blanket with 1d headphones in and stared at my blank wall crying 
When I realized I missed the Vampire Diaries i real life sat there for a minute. 
I just came back from Mexico city... I will fail 2 subjects for not going to school for a week. If Rih comes to Mexico in the 14th. OMG... 
After what Jon Stewart did to John Cena he better show up to work on Monday. 
The Vow makes me upset every time I watch it. So why do I continue to watch it? The world may never know.. 
Sunday. The second most boring day on earth after EID. 
@user  may be you have got alot of gays fans after your tweet ,but you lose all of your Arabian, Muslims fans #MuslimsAreNotDragQueens" 
@user it's horrible, complete fail compared to the 1st movie. Rather watch Ant-man or Entourage." 
It's Friday. Why aren't you looking at Hulk Hogan's @user to see him individually thank black people who say he isn't racist? 
@user i think i go tomorrow. Cuz im on my way to my dad first cuz i have no money to go to interlaken T.T i just hope hes there tomorow 
Get the Concords in December, get my camaro into an accident with a brand new civic and get a ticket on top of it 
Wesley Sneijder has been linked with a free transfer move to Chelsea as he may quit Galatasaray if he is not paid. #CFC 
White girls be so annoying with accessories, why you wearing a striped sun dress with a Nike hat and coach bag???! 
"If distributions are not large enough, the IRA owner may have to pay a 50% penalty on amounts not distributed 
"//Screw this, if Kane doesn't return tomorrow, he'll be back in the fall." 
debating on skipping class tomorrow bc I don't wanna deal with all the crazy people bc Obama 
"I will have classes on saturdays unfortunately... BUT, I don't give a fuck about it, I WILL GO TO A MADONNA SHOW even if it's on a saturday." 
Jesus CC...even Josh Hamilton is hitting homers off you and he's basically on the verge of a 10th drug relapse 
"If Matthew and Briana don't visit me tomorrow at work, I literally will throw myself in front of the train by the Highschool" 
Before George R. R. Martin finishes the next book, some of the Game of Thrones actors may die of natural causes. Take your time George. 
So Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges.  The jokes just write themselves these days... #TransCriminal 
#WhitePeople tag is like watching Sharknado in the 3rd dimension. 
RIP Chris Hemsworth's killer bod may he get that back in time for Thor: Ragnarok 
If I wanted to see a Falcons game I'd go to the Georgia Dome. America's Team should be on television every Sunday. 
I may be in the slowest check out line ever. Lady gotta Honey Badger haircut and don’t give a Damn. 
"10th anniv of Twilight books Meyer released version w/main characters gender swapped. But true to original stories, the writing still sucks." 
They tried to pull a fast one and say today is Margarita Day but that is false. We may be drinking margaritas but it is not Margarita Day! 
@user Yep, Mavs started 0-4 before racking up 67 wins in 06-07. Of course they also flamed out in the 1st round against Golden State. 
"Why do Christians support Jews and Israel? The 3rd Temple will not be built on the MOUNT, instead in the PRESENCE of G-d at the WALL;)" 
@user @user to kill Muslims, they may have killed Muslims but it don't make u a Khawarij only for that, it's an Aqeeda ting" 
If Petraeus is ruined then so is McChrystal -he probably handed out the guns in Libya - bc he owes Obama/Biden for his 4th STAR 
@user and stay away from kris Bryant!!!!  Don't need my star 3rd baseman caught with a 16 year old!!!! 
Seth Rollins is much less than zero percent happy. He wanted this past Monday to be the greatest night of his career! #Smackdown 
I think I may have accidentally linked to @user the other day on International Women's day. I am terribly sorry to anyone offended. 
Amazon Prime Day? Amazon Scam Day is more like it. More deals than Black Friday my ass! 
My Mrs was arrested 4 streaking at Crufts. The Judge gave her 2nd place for her puppies but said her Afghan could do with a trim !!!! 
Renewed fighting rocks Syria: An early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of Deir Ezzor on Saturday in... 
Roy ... just go ... you’re a bigger embarassment than Capello and McClaren ... 
Now that Iran ripped us off by the legendary Watch this Friday. 
"Dustin Johnson shot the 2nd worst round of anybody in the field on a day where literally almost every player was under par, just awful" 
@user not just Africa. In Iran (and many Islamic theocracies), women are treated as 2nd class citizens @user @user 
@user a few speculating that the 3 had heat/power issues & 4th gen resolves this. But I have heard nothing around these probs on iPad3 
If @user didn’t like Coloccini being likened to Bobby Moore, he will hate MON claiming McClean and Johnson ’class’ #safc #nufc 
Today's the 9th&amp;I forgot that Apple thing now I feel like those fans that wait for something from a band but it's just apple&amp;I won't get it 
Uh oh. John Kasich just followed neon Twitter. They may not like what I have to say... #Hannity #WakeUpAmerica 
No need to mention Zayn here and create another drama. But fuck. What if it's the DMD MV fucckk 
Axl Rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug. Bow down, peasants. 
Tyrann mathieu may have fucked up his career we know Jordan Jefferson bum ass did cuz he can’t throw smh. 
Can't believe how many hostels in Dublin are already booked up for St Patrick's Day!! 21st Birthday plans going down the pan =( 
.@johnharris1969 brilliant on the refugee crisis, a test, and David Cameron's bloody shameful failure. 
@user The PM or anyone in the world may say that Islam has nothing to do with terrorism but can u honestly accept it ur self ? 
Springbok captain John Smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the Rugby World Cup. ek dink dis gooie nuus! Sorry! 
@user And then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the Big Dance, KU flaming out against UCLA, Mizzou losing to Northern Iowa. 
I thought @user was retiring the Lumia line to give way to Surface Mobile? I guess not. 
@user @user I see. Well, illegal is illegal. On Muslims, you may have meant Islamic extremists. But I make assumptions." 
@user @user Iran's democracy is super healthy, Iranians may vote for whoever the murdering mullahs want" 
@user NOT!!! Hopefully Big Brother will kick you,Vanessa, Liz and Julia out before Thurs cause you all have plans to split the money!" 
Saudi Arabia may use up its wealth in the upcoming 5 years if their deficit along with oil prices don't change.... 
I wanna watch the Teen Choice Awards tonight but can't stand it when flippin' Twilight wins EVERYTHING when they don't deserve to... 
"George Osborne is @ Faslane tomorrow. get ur arses down there. 57/59 of scotlands MPs oppose trident, yet 100bn is gonna b spent renewing it" 
Hillary looks as comfortable dancing with a child as she is coming out of the closet. 
Not about Brady. 2nd time cheating w/no punishment! Tom Brady: 'I Am Sorry Our League Had to Endure' 'Deflategate' 
"Carol, a period romance set in 1950s New York and starring Cate Blanchett, topped nominations for the Golden Globes on Thursday, as" 
Russia removes Iran's enriched uranium as per nuke deal: The Russia-Iran accord under the July deal foresees t... 
@ @user  3rd time my Lumia handset submitted in service Centre in last 8 Months, No one is looking into it. Need replacement of my 930 
Prayer Requests From Sunday Mass: "God, please allow Donald Trump to win the presidency, so that I will not be going to hell alone" 
Don't wait til the last minute to book your booths and get tix for Soundboard on March 11th...you will live to regret it! 
Kanye West running for president? Trump actually being popular? What the fuck? This isn't reality. This is a saturday morning cartoon. 
#MichelleMalkin - #JoeBiden's Yuck Factor Joe Biden is actually the missing 8th dwarf-Gropy. 
@user What the world needs is for Angela Merkel to kick him in the nuts the 1st time Trump calls anyone around the G8 table a loser. 
5 reasons why Arsenal would be WASTING time and MONEY on Simone Zaza: Arsenal have been linked with a January ... 
Our neighbor is removing some trees and my 7 year old has been so bothered about it all day at school.we may have to lay off Lorax for a bit 
My mom just said she doesn’t like Taylor Swift. I guess I’ll be moving out tomorrow. 
Doctors on strike all day in Italy. Public transport on strike in Milan from 8:45am to 12:45pm this Wednesday too. 
Bayern Munich coach Jupp Heynckes insists his side won't be fazed by the shock loss to Leverkusen on Sunday - 
@user you won't see me tomorrow :( on my way home from Alabama... 
"Looking back at Kanye West's infamous ""George Bush doesn't care about black people"" moment on its 10th... 
"Analysis of last night's shocking #ParisAttacks by @user who also covered the Charlie Hebdo shootings in January. 
"be fair 1 in 4 had sympathy for the Charlie Hebdo attack.  getting better ..Kum bay ya, my Lord, kum bay ya 
Fuck SAT! ACT is where it’s at! :D 
@user @user I hear you, if I understand correctly, you're saying Israel may have to totally close its border to stop the attacks?" 
hearing KSU talk about WVU like this gets me so heated! I want us to go orange bowl on them this sat 
Thanksgiving leftovers loses its appear after the 2nd day... Gotta find some Otha shit to eat today. 
"Still struggling with What's That Noise?  If Gazza doesn't get a winner this time, there will be a new clue with Pete after 8am tomorrow." 
Posts you may have missed: Islam's Claims of Biblical Corruption Actually Impeach the Qur'an 
Why is May Vaseline talking about Zayn like they're best friends? 
@user - After the 3rd goal there is a clip of me, my son &amp; his mate going mad in front of a very depressed Liverpudlian!" 
Ruby can’t even take me to breakfast tomorrow :/ he dropped Harold Washington . 
@user @user aaah ...1st fixture list i saw earlier had Valencia and Sevilla in the same half as Atleti ...must've been wrong 
I am so mad at John Cena on Sunday night SummerSlam he lost all that big talk he did in front of the authorities in front of Seth Rollins 
Could someone please explain to me why my DMU account is still working? I've graduated!! I do not want to attend a seminar next Thursday.. 
"My mama going to Jacksonville Saturday ,I would go but she want let me ,I’m on """"punishment"""".!" 
@user @user I agree, unfair. I'd like to see the Rousey fight 1st too. I don't see fight happening without Cyborg thro backdoor" 
Nissan Titan : Eleven accidents with 22 cars in just over five hours Saturday - Riverhead LOCAL 
I just ousted TURNCOAT as the mayor of Laundry Today or Naked Tomorrow! on @user 
@user The 1st two reacted 2 the burning alive of 59 Hindus by Muslims in a train. Can u tell me how Muslims will react if burnt alive? 
@user u supported Yakub.  Have guts to Show solidarity with #GurdaspurAttack victims ?  Remember cockroach from Wednesday? 
I'm kind of confused why my Amazon Prime stuff that shipped today isn't coming until the 19th-24th. That's certainly not two days. 
"I'll blow up soon & not even remember a day before last june, june 14th, Club Paradise, to  be correct.. The last day every thing seemed ok." 
When you really bought a ticket and had planned to come from AZ for Frank Ocean &amp; could give a shit less about Kanye 
All three gunmen in the January attacks on the Charlie Hebdo newspaper and a kosher supermarket were French. 
I do understand that John Kasich has written two books. I'm not saying he DOESN'T know what's in the books. Someone may have drawn pictures. 
Halloween may be the second worst holiday, right after valentine’s day 
@user Does israel,uk,france,china,pakistan,have nukes? Has the usa used them? weed one's own garden 1st. 
#UMES followers don’t forget, #umesvolleyball takes on Morgan State today at 3! Be there or be really bored cuz it’s a Sunday. Your choice 
Arsenal defender, Mathieu Debuchy has been linked with a January move away from the club. #AFC #Arsenal 
"Blah, blah, blah.... I still don't care for you much Tom Brady.. 
"Didn't wake up with Frank Ocean's voice, imma try again tomorrow" 
"Thank you @user ! Instead of beating up bad guys, Batman is beating up my PS4. This is the 3rd time your game crashed my PS4." 
"If Spurs sell VDV, plus Modric leaves, they may as well save us the wait n just join the Championship." 
@user and if ur amywhere near kansas state and dont come watch us play in the preseason NIT on nov. 12th im gonna fight u for that too 
@user Erdogan cannot be allowed to get away with what he is doing.He lost the June 7th election and now is seeking to undermine it all 
The Grey, texting, and looking forward to a useless day tomorrow :) 
Absolutely gutted. Wish I could watch RT @user Lloyd Robertson set to end 41year run as national news anchor tonight 
Adam Schefter needa go'on get Chris Mortensen ass outta here. Mort just mumblin' stumblin' fumblin' every single Sunday. 
"32 year old man rapes and infects two kids with HIV: A 32-year-old man, Mr. Terkura Iorpuu, was on Thursday ar... 
RdM seriously believes last night proves Sunday’s defeat was unjust? If anything, I’m surprised our first XI didn’t twat you on Sunday. 
RT @user The safest place to be in Tottenham tonight is the Spurs trophy cabinet.There's no chance of looters visiting there. 
@user you may want a picture just like that but you may not be as gucci as me, sorry about your luck" 
@user Madoff was one lucky SOB..If he was born in Iran, Death to you my friend and may Allah have mercy on ur miserable soul 
@user I think St patrick would be disapointed if you didnt get a snake up there for the next paddys day..think its on a thurs too? 
@user are you kidding me? I want to replace my old phone with Moto G 3rd Gen at any cost. Do anything. It's not my fault. 
I don't remember seeing all you Cowboys fans in August...just sayin 
@user Im sad I never saw you at Phoenix Comicon but I didnt spend much time in the exhibition hall after friday. 
@user #QSTeaser oops, forgot Emmanuel Adebayor! As for the 7th, bit naughty, was it Yakubu? His surname is technically Ayegbeini... 
Who is funding these Chris Christie ads? St Jude couldn't get him the nomination. May as well be Bobby Jindal. 
Kris Bryant just found that bomb threat that was called in Sunday.... 
"i'm tweeting this for the 2nd time, nicki needs to realize that people don't buy her music NOT BECAUSE SHE ISN'T ""SKINNY AND WHITE""+" 
The city of Milan was brought to a standstill on Monday after the local government barred all traffic within... 
@user IRA and others killed innocent civilians but the good Friday was meant to be about moving on, noew it rears its ugly head" 
TFI Friday was good in the 90s because it was new and Chris Evans was young.  Someone needs to tell him this is crap and dated. 
"In my David Ruffin voice """"Oh it’s Sunday? well, I guess I ain’t gon be there then.""""" 
"These numbers have names: Abdul-Razaq Darwish was killed at a checkpoint in Baba Amr, #Homs today. May he rest in peace. #Syria 7/6/2012" 
"Totally crashed my iPad tonight.  It locked up, and wouldn't even power off.  Used the Hold PWR and HOME bttn trick, to force reboot." 
This is starting to feel like less like a petting zoo &amp; more like Jurassic Park.  ~me at the strip club for lunch on a Wednesday 
May all the items saved for later in your Amazon basket increase in price #moderncurses 
I'm at my follow limit. Rude. I will go on my iPad tomorrow and unfollow all the little bitches who ain't following back. K, bye. 
@user YUP. And did you watch Degrassi from friday yet? looool awkward campbell 
@user it's disturbing and in the 3rd movie he hits on human twilight, flash only like her for look. Jerk" 
"Yakub may have been an Indian citizen, but for as a terrorist, he was as much a Pakistani as was Kasab and the terrorist caught today" 
"Amazon Prime Day will be like Black Friday!" I guess because I'm just as disappointed? 
Nothing ruins a Friday morning more than hearing U2 - Beautiful Day on the radio 
@user @user 1st, they did do Plan 9. 2nd, Sharknado is not earnestly bad, it's ironically so. That's why MST3K wouldn't work" 
"Still tired from Eid on Friday, it's a shame I couldn't eat much bc of this nasty germy thing" 
"Watching some crap called ""Big Brother"". Okay. I may have been out of the loop for some time now but,... WTF!!" 
My boy Dennis Kucinich at it again. Screw Ohio for redistricting the state and voting him out come November. 
Anyone who has talked wrestling with me knows how much I hate Brock Lesnar. Seeing him at RAW on monday will be literal hell. 
@user #Wrong He played only 2 seasons at Chelsea, was injured most of the time &amp; in 3rd season he was on loan at Milan. #BadLuck" 
I feel like I'll lose whatever "cool person" creds I may have had by saying this, but I honestly don't care about the Apple event today. 
@user Kane and Rooney last night.....may have been the ugliest strike partnership of all time. Horrifying 
James Pattinson may not make it to the ODI tour of England despite his expected recovery as the selectors ponder ...  #Australia #CRICKET 
Batman may be running better, but they have force disabled SLI on the game. @user IS A JOKE!!! 
@user yep,we should get Niki Lauda to judge nxt time.He said on sat that there's no way he would be racing if he was a current driver" 
@user @user @user He didn't have the balls, plus it would have busted him. The 2nd time it was a MSG to Muslims he defends Koran" 
Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter. But Bruce Jenner was driving. Doesn't that lead to a defense of mistaken sexual identity? 
I have the worst urge to watch Jurassic World for the 4th time in theaters someone make it stop 
@user No ! I'm looking so bummy tomorrow ! I have to take the CAHSEE 
"[http://t.co/2iAIexuu4u]  White Sox on wrong page, no matter the chapter  (Sat, 29 Aug 2015 00:30:45 EST) 
im so scared to fall asleep bc louis and danielle can be married and niall will date james and harry may move to germany with briana 
I mean I have to take the OGT tomorrow so why not stay up all night? 
Sarah Palin being chosen as Donald Trump's running mate or chief promoter may be the last thing that could ever surprise folks! 
Thunderbolt:A strong electric blast is loosed at the foe. It may also leave the foe paralyzed. 
I've just bought the new Fleetwood Mac sat-nav.   It's not very good. Just says "You can go your own way." 
"John Kasich thinks the Roots are ""offensive"" 
Well strangers on the internet are calling me names on a Saturday night at 1 am about Beyonce so I'm done discussing her. 
I have HSPA tomorrow why the fuck am I awake ? 
"Mad tired, gotta get up early to work out, and i have work like all day tomorrow but yet I'm still up wait for @user lol smh #<3" 
Beyond frustrated with my #Xbox360 right now, and that as of June, @user doesn't support it. Gotta find someone else to fix the drive. 
I'd rather listen to the 1st Grand Funk Railroad record than any Nirvana record. 
Looks like the first shoe (or boot) may have dropped ... Rick Perry stops paying all staff as fundraising dries up 
@user u miss the point the IRA were stopped by the Irish but u make excuses 4 muslim death cults &amp; the IRA were not 3rd generation 
The vile penny pinching Tories shame us all: David Cameron's limp action on refugees puts Britain outside the EU 
this nigga the next frank ocean. shit aint never cominn out 
Tomorrow is last day for early voting in Nevada. I am not inspired to vote early. I don’t like many of the choices. Most suck balls. 
@user Too right and what the hell does that mean? You’re confused Amsterdam, Go sleep! And guess who I’m gonna meet tomorrow!? 
@user seriously i think he may pull out his gat and shoot me! i need to call upon castle greyskull for my powers #IHaveThePower 
Elbert Guillory's using the n-word in his latest ad. Also in La La Land, Mary cuts lose on Bobby Jindal  
@user @user Who's Deion? That may be worse than the Paul McCartney thing 
@user @user NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! Maybe you can just look over it right before the test tomorrow and do that first 
Reports: Boko Haram killed 841 civilians since 29 May: Kano and Kaduna states located in the North-West record...  
@user @user Daily windows updates suck! W/ all the $$$ and drones U have working 4 U, maybe U guys could get it right the 1st time? 
@user - 8th floor and desks in the Charlie Hebdo newsroom after gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers. 
:’( dk why but the 3rd hospital file not working for me. Gotta try download from HF instead 
@user I'm talking about what happened between Hyung Jun and U-KISS. Some KissMe accuse us of disrespectful 
Mayweather may be a scumbag but he'd never come close to losing to Rousey. 
@user Hearing Taco Bell, makes me want Taco Bell. I hate you now. Can we all go to Taco Bell tomorrow?" 
Jeb Bush's ad blitz begins Sept 15th in the early primary states. No poll movement by October? Donors might squirm. 
interview at KFC tomorrow, how the fuck I’m going to understand a single work said idek, i hardly understood the interview set up 
Retweet if you think Michelle Obama is an awful 1st Lady... 
Never understand people who keep Kanye West and the kardashians relevant. Kanye may be the biggest Moron ever. 
@user a close 2nd is playing nothing but RSE on my drive to Soundset from California. Then nothing but RSE on the way back. 
The most tragic part about missing TVD is that I have to wait until Tuesday to watch it... 
Tomorrow marks the start of what is usually Chelsea’s worst month. Swansea, Shakhtar, Pool, WBA, Juve, City & Fulham over 4 weeks - TOUGH! 
Call us superstitious...our condo does not have a 13th floor. Some Wiki thoughts on the origin of that tradition: 
Sam Smith hairline think it's Throwback Thursday everyday or some shit huh 
I think we may have just found out the reason he plays Carrick at centre half when we have no one else #lackofexperienceshows 
@user PKK may revoke all plans of Erdogan. For example, it can stop killing. 
Today, Republicans will talk about how much they appreciate workers. Tomorrow they'll work to crush worker rights. #LaborDay sarah palin 
May Allah knower from which country as Kuwait and bad guys that think power and support israel zionist.Their dedication with Nasa is Revert 
"""""How many continents was The Challenge filmed on?"""" """"21?"""" okay, what did you fail 2nd grade?" 
@user @user Did you see Bobby Jindal's comments on Westborough Church? No respect for 1st amendment maybe #notthatguy 
It's 1:30 in the morning and all I want to do is watch the Vampire Diaries. Sad. 
Lexus said it may be 2-3 more months before I can take my car to the dealer for the recall on fixing the... 
@user well tomorrow you have to share a bed with ash.............i dont really know what is worse!! 
NO WAIT!! Mick Foley will be at SMU from 10 to 11 am on 03 Nov... but I still unsure on whether to go see Kewei in the evening. 
@user Just read Timmonsville is beating the crap out of McBee 60-8 still in the 3rd!!! 
if they really gonna disband it means that I was right when I thought Simon is lying in those interviews after Zayn left.  The Sun 
@user @user   i fault real madrid, they want him at a lesser fee or free in jan." 
@user @user @user You only have 1 more title then us ... And you play in the 2nd worst conference in CFB 
Ian going to the game , that’s a waste of money because Rosedale gone demolish us 1st Quater #FACT 
ok so i want to cry like, my expected delivery date for my ipad is thursday which is AFTER i leave like this is the absolute worst 
@user Remember how NYT aided Bush's March to Iraq War?  They need to be truthful &amp; they haven't with Hillary. 
@user my dads nans dead cat allegedly saw Tony Blair roasting a pheasant on his dick... Sounds more credible then the sun(scum) 
Aus skipper Michael Clarke and fast bowler James Pattinson have been ruled out of Thursday's series- deciding final vs SL with injuries. 
@user @user @user You guys haven't learned anything about 3rd quarters. Keep it up!" 
Work almost over with then these negros won’t see my face till Monday night! 
"On some real shit its August 9th and frank ocean still has not dropped that "" album "" and I'm honestly truly truly pissed the fuck off" 
"If Kanye West comes even close to winning the 2020 election, like 5th place or higher, I'm leaving the country for Canada" 
Watching Contraband on the PVR & it’s too frigging predictable to continue watching. Gonna go wash my hair. #friday 
"Bolton Wanderers, who are 18th in the Championship after winning only three of their 10 matches, have sacked their manager Owen Coyle." 
Sat watching the fucking Celtic game, sounds like I’m missing a corker at white hart lane 
Sunday morning up at the lark a think I'll take a bomb to Hyde park hey hey hey it's the IRA 
Alright, if my daughter keeps singing Avril just to annoy me, I may be forced to retaliate. 
Congress lashes out at BJP over coal block issue: Lashing out at the Bharatiya Janata Party on Wednesday for its... 
Also just now starting Miss USA so nobody text me about top 5 who wins etc Bc I may kill u 
Shame all the fans that stuck around to see a six run lead blown and Harper make an out for the 8th time in two games. #Nationals 
- incredibly stupid move by United though. Woodward may have got 1 over Real Madrid but now he's left with an unhappy player 
im so sad Ed Sheeran is going to be in Atlanta on Saturday and im not going to see him 
It's possible Sarah Palin may be more of a moron than trump.. They said it was impossible 
Harris English, a #pgatour rookie, playing in his first @user started his Saturday by plunking a marshal on the head #ouch 
"""Big Brother may be watching you right now, and you may never know. #Surveillance is the new normal"" 
"talking to my 2nd graders about intruder drills &amp; one raises their hand and says ""did you know Chuck Norris is real?"" #teacherproblems" 
"And if Buddy Love shows up, Angelina Jolie, Madonna, and Sandra Bullock, may wake up in a bed with a black male they didn't adopt.""" 
John Kasich may end up blowing by Jeb Bush before this is all over. Has a lot of the things pure insiders (which I am not) like. 
"Dana White will lose a 3rd #UFC meal ticket within a month tonight. Rousey, VanZant, McGregor #BetOnAldo UFZzz" 
"If real life was like Amazon, those of you who bought Kobe as the GOAT may also like Justin Bieber, Super skinny jeans and Vaseline" 
Kim Davis has been arrested for following her religious beliefs! So the 1st amend. don't apply to Christians? 
It was a Disrespectful Travestys for POTUS to send 2 Pro-Aborts (Pelosi &amp; Biden) to the Pope's Installation! 
Turns out that annointing Jeb Bush the default establishment candidate may have been premature? you don't say. 
dolorous edd would be the kid in 7th grade who nods when ppl talk about nirvana but has no actual idea what it is 
You may find this hard to believe, but Viola Davis was a troublemaker back in the day. See... 
David Guetta’s playing with Alesso at Fort Canning 8th Oct. Only want to hear Alesso leh. 
Little by little the Australian way of life is being diluted. There may come a day to celebrate Xmas &amp; Easter will be considered offensive 
mean time David Cameron is busy with thatchers death hmm 
Single awareness day is on Friday and I can't wait! #ValentinesDayCanSuckIt" 
@user of others...Jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person...its too late for you...FUCKHEAD 
Damn Foo Fighters and #RickRoll still in my news feed. Now the 2nd night in a row I go to bed with that song in my head. On loop for 7 hrs. 
"When gaza march out pon the battlefield it's a funeral... israel burial, gazaaa me seh" 
"After Arsenal sell Song to Barcelona we may as well sell Vermalen,give Szczesny away on a free and make sure our complete spine has gone." 
Im sorry but this is the 1st time I saw Hoya unattractive at all hahahaha 
Ew , School tomorrow , it gets tiring making straight A’s -__- 
@user Poor match ended their winning streak. They also lost to Leverkusen at home for the 1st time in 24 years. 
@user I did read it. I'm responding to your opinion that it may be one of the biggest plays in CFB history. I completely disagree that... 
Mommy is leaving on Sunday. Didn’t say shit. Like I knew she was leavin, but she ain’t say when. 
@user The massacre on March 11 in Karm al-Zaitoun was similar: 25 children killed with knives, 20 women: 
When your lying in bed and your phone is on your desk and Siri pops up #siriwantstokillme  if I'm dead tomorrow it was Siri.. 
"& then @user idk he danger, we in a whip full w/deals,weapons & Beyonce new CD - night almost killed me IM N2 self preservation bro" 
@user BYU vs GT will re-air Saturday at 9am MT. We did not get VOD rights so it won't be archived on 
Download Fast Ipad Hd Video Player Guide: Do you have to shy away from looking to be whipped? You may not see at... 
at the show on monday night people kept yelling john cena n ed was like ....am i the only one who finds that annoying n i was like No Fam 
This just in: Caitlyn Jenner may be charged in auto accident death.   
yes the Caitlyn Jenner fancy dress is absolutely disgusting but what's worse is how close to October we actually are already 
digi is tomorrow and im not going )::: 
I just finished the 5th season of Army Wives...now what do i do 
"you know when in Hat Yai, when there's no access security, there may be people knocking your door late at night offering 'services' $_$" 
@user The U.S. Postal Service reported a $5.2 billion quarterly loss, says it is nearly out of cash.<-- Sat mail will be gone very soon... 
Negotiation with Boko Haram may not be a good idea as it will spark uprising in other parts of the country 
Damn i just gave her a reason to ground me 4 da whole festve season... Omigod wont evn go ta my pensdown on mon:( shidd! 
@user hiya! sorry for missing out on the WE! there's Antonio Carluccio giving a talk on Friday: fancy going? 
"Ugh I wanna watch Styled To Rock now, but this stream is so shit. Might just wait and watch it on catch up tomorrow" 
@user Dude John Cena would fail every drug test on the planet, that dudes head may actually be bigger than Titos #UFC191" 
Media should remember that the Trump and Murdoch incidents is a civil rights issue, not a 24 hour news story.  It has to be stopped Nov 6. 
"Arriving Tuesday" is decidedly the least Prime my Amazon Prime shipping has ever been. Wha happen? 
Indian Congress party leaders Sonia and Rahul Gandhi are due to appear in court on Saturday in connection with... 
@user maybe 3rd team bro, he's not better than trey Burke from Michigan" 
Getting sick right before the UCLA football game on Saturday <<< 
We owe it a duty to crush Boko Haram not grant them mercy. At least if not for ourselves but for future terrorists who may rear their heads 
@user while the met may not be perfect why don't you piss off to somewhere like Mexico City if you don't like it!!?? #tottenham 
Well it's August 12th and I've just heard Mariah Carey's 'All I want for Christmas'...seriously? 
That awkward moment when the GOP puts Planned Parenthhod on trial without letting Planned Parenthood defend itself 
My Dad may listen to Snoop Dogg, and 50 Cent now but thank GOD he raised me on good music before this mid-life music crisis 
"Who killed Gaddafi dissident Ali Abuzeid? Why was the killer never brought to justice?""Tony Blair sold my dad out"" 
@user how excited i was because dec 9th i was going to see Asking Alexndria, SS and MMF but i came home and found out what 
Stop saying Kendricks name in the same sentence as these other lames... Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday 
"This message is for Monsanto: Bring it on. You may have the money, but we have the people. And the people always win." -@GovPeterShumlin 
I don't have Faith on  constitution.Sorry to Yakub's family.. May God bless Yakub's soul with rest and peace in heaven.Hang rapist first.. 
Thank you @user ! Instead of beating up bad guys, Batman is beating up my PS4. This is the 3rd time your game crashed my PS4. 
Who knew there were enough people in the world easily pleased by shite like Sharknado that they're getting a 4th instalment?! 
@user Or Hillary or Sanders.  We may have to rethink this whole democracy thing if someone does not step up after the pre-season. :D 
Things I have learned since Oct 1: people are still very bitter about Gilmore Girls. 
Funny Corbyn worries innocent people may be killed in Syrian war but doesn't care about the people the IRA killed 
I wonder what Cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank? As for Boruc you are a disgrace and a complete TWAT. #saintsfc 
"Caitlyn Jenner's car accident that killed someone was back in February, so I believe she was still big Brucey at that point" 
"But Miley, what IS good? I think Nicki needs an answer on her desk by tomorrow morning if you wanna keep ya scalp." 
A 19th journo murdered in Somalia / Tokyo 2020 unveils stadium design rivals/ Why Madrid says it needs 2020 Olympics / 
It official, I will not be flying to Raleigh, NC tomorrow. I’m saddened. I pray my UPPC family has an awesome time in the LORD. #Praying 
"The scariest thing about Kanye West announcing his intention to run for president, is that some people may actually vote for the fool." 
Lol watch how the media paints Nicki as an angry black woman tomorrow morning and miley as the victim #bye 
Rick Perry may be the first to drop out. Out of money.  #GOP2016 
"That Muslims flock from around the world to join ISIS is not surprising. We may not consider their actions great, but they assuredly do." 
@user I just can't believe ppl like you exist, why don't u and Yakub just elope to Pakistan.https://t.co/9V4LKjh2Wb" 
If I see any for you bitches making fun of Caitlyn Jenner you will get your ass beat by a little 5'3 girl :)  
Rick Perry failed at the City Club of Chicago luncheon today where they turned away thousands of people (Sun Times). 
@user @user @user couldn’t tell you the last time I threw a dart. Mon Rudd we’ll even let you pay for the drink. #Rotterdam 
"Didn't show up for Charlie Hebdo march.  Didn't light up WH in blue/white/red.  Late to moment of silence.  But his heart is in it, America." 
Bad Blood is not a music video it looks like a Pepsi super bowl commercial. It's 5 minutes of cameos to a song with 6th grade lyrics 
"Everyone is wearing black tomorrow it's gonna look like a funeral ""Niall is dead pass it on""" 
If Kanye West runs for president with a bit of luck he may just get assassinated #wecanonlyhope #letuspray 
Words with friends just made me watch an ad for the DVD release of Red Tails. Now I may have to pay Zinga or they may make me watch it again 
"if the #iPhone5 doesn't come out on September 7th, I'm suing Steve Jobs...I can't put up with the Motorola Razr much longer.." 
Beat Manus in Dark Souls today. It may have taken me 3 hours but we did it. Fuck that guy. 
Bhai jaan@BeingSalmanKhan it was not unintentionally u clrly mention Yakub is innocent may be ur driving it was night time u know@MrsGandhi 
why did i just hear some car driving slowly down 24th street blarring.............. Elvis Presley? 
"I'm going to be quietly singing ""John Cena sucks! John Cena sucks!"" to myself for most of tomorrow. Well done, #SummerSlam crowd." 
.@ukarlewitz you bought SPX on 9/23 then mocked sellers on Friday.Now you posted this joke?Anyone who bought Monday even did better than you 
"Louis knocked Briana up in February ""they didn't meet til may"" ""it's not his kid"" ""it IS his kid"" me: 
Why is Muhammad a myth.? If not then Muslims should welcome historians to do their job. I say they are afraid of what the historian may find 
"if you think Kendrick's Black Friday was better than J. Cole's, you can block me now" 
"KOREATOWN, Calif. -- A man allegedly shot his former boss in the head Thursday at a commer 
"Horrendous, may their souls rest in peace, I hope the govt redoubles their efforts to wipe out Boko Haram. 
Well this may not sound nice but it’s true that Runako Morton would have never trend in twitter in his lifetime :P ..... R.I.P. young man :( 
oh ya know just watching a documentary on the real jigsaw murderer before my 12th first time in hell! (@ chelsea, wyd???????) 
Ego still bruised after poor day of racing @ Ironman Wales on Sunday. One more rest day then I think I should start doing something about it 
Your mom sat on PSN and it went down. 
Pls CNN why in a world u bring this idiot Sarah Palin on Sunday great news program state of the Union CNN u really fuck up my Sunday 
these PSSA's are just gonna be the icing to another horrible monday. #fmlll #ihateschool 
@user @user the IRA are not a religion they may be predominantly Catholic but it is not a religion not comparable 
@user It's everyone. Like, eventually; the sun will burn up even in Marvel land. I guess Thor might get out okay but who cares." 
"Spent about 9 hours straight in the sun for Waterparks video shoot, going to spend the same amount tomorrow at Riot Fest. KILL ME." 
Josh Hamilton was scratched from the Rangers' lineup Wednesday due to left knee soreness. 
@user but people hated way before then tbh and I think it may have been directed at lil' Kim other than Iggy because Nicki denied later 
rip me. I'm going to be so tired tomorrow plus HOW WILL I BE ABLE TO THINK OF ANYTHING ELSE WHEN CAMILA AND NIALL DID A THING 
Former soldier arrested in Bloody Sunday probe Absolute joke Where is the justice for all victims of IRA atrocities 
I want to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow but I can't 
BJP doing drama to hide facts, says minister - The government Tuesday accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of...http://t.co/GMxmgdR9 
Just heard Green Day's 'Time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. I miss everyone so much xxx 
Amazon Prime Day is just like Black Friday if you only buy bulk protein powder and will-making software on Black Friday. 
"I thought GAY @user &amp; other Erats are talking about 'competence'?  GMB is LYING, his boys are defending. @user  
@user There was too much Grammy, I should've known we'd be sad at the end. Ps are you going to Dashboard tomorrow?" 
#PunchNews Boko Haram kills seven in Borno community: The Borno State Police Command on Sunday confirmed the k... 
Was I the only one that didn't know that @user came to Milan the 2nd may 
You worry about your 2nd amendment america with a nra nut john kasich givin guns like candy its my life i worry about.. wild west mentality. 
Lmfao , she gone die . All the niggas gone be at NCA tomorrow 
Great, my cables have now been bumped from being delivered today to friday. Thanks Amazon Prime, really feeling the worth here. 
@user C’mon guys fix this please, i dont want this to end up how Diablo III did.......        :.( 
@user @user I wanted to smack Eli Manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on Sunday. hahahaha 
"RT @user ""@TheFakeCNN: Republicans says that the earthquake occurred on a fault line called ""Obama's Fault""."" C'Mon, U Know this ..." 
fuck i have the SATs tomorrow 
Ah bollocks. I liked this guy's Israel stuff but looks like he's a dud.  
Amy Schumer at the #GQmenoftheyear2015 party in a dress we pretty much hate: #GQMOTY2015 
Nigga is 12.. How he know he gay.... He ever see a titty before? 
The only reason I'm watching Ant-Man is cause of 5$ Tuesday this is definitely something you wait to watch at home 
@user Real Madrid can eat a bag of dicks. Don't want to go through all of this again in Jan. Hopefully he doesn't either. 
@user why there so much easier I’m pretty sure tomorrow is the Cupid shuffle tho ... I hate that 
Monday Night Raw is not playing tonight! Kevin Owens v Randy Orton? What! 
@user People need to full-stop stop using that for White characters. Full-stop. It's EXACTLY what Nicki criticized in the 1st place. 
"I think Nicki made an ass out of herself last night. 1st you call the VMA's racist, 2nd then you perform and accept an award at the VMA's" 
Erdogan has drowned a country in blood for votes at the ballot box 
Mark James on bbc says as Paul Dunne is on the 17th tee let's not have anymore British out of bounds. Dunne is irish not British. #typical 
@user I don't think they're getting it. He's comparing Nazis to Islamic extremists and non-Nazi"" Germans to Muslims. Simple SAT suff!" 
"Even after taking into account the audience they're going for, Paper Towns just may be the worst well reviewed movie I've ever seen #hottake" 
Tomorrow they will discuss #YakubHanged after their Friday prayer. Bad part is 100s of youth will get inspired to be the next Yakub. 
Kanye west just doesn't know when to keep quiet..its a problem. May be he needs a mouth  guard... 
Lil Mouse and the buffoons that support his foolishness set the black race back 400 years... Dr. King didn’t march for that foolishness... 
"RT @user My sons were watching MTV the other night. Looked like an absolute freak show. What happened to Hank Williams, Johnn ..." 
"Helwani to Dana White ""good luck tomorrow"" you fucking sheep" 
I have to be up by 6:30 tomorrow for the Rose Parade thingy, the band is playing in it. I don’t even like marching! 
The march of ISIS seems to have begun in India with Yakub's funeral. They want to wave off murder of 257 on mere repentance? 
I tried to get into Breakout Kings. Shit redundant after like the 5th episode lol. No wonder it got cancelled. 
De La Soul is Sunday at Clockenflap?! WTF! At least they had the decency to sched Uptown Rockers for Saturday @user #NYinHK 
What's the requirement to work at Dunkin? Complete up to 8th grade? Reasons I hate going there. No people skills. 
Hard movie to watch about an IRA member who starved himself to death in protest while in prison. He may have been... 
Amazon Prime Day Disappoints Some Shoppers: Amazon Prime Day promised 24 hours with "more deals than Black Fri... 
@user    We live in the Jersey shore area. No power since Mon. Disgusted with the response of disaster!!! 
Realized that I’ve just spent Halloween, super bowl Sunday, and my last two birthdays either in the library, or in a computer lab.. 
Hackers have already defeated windows 8, and ReadWrite Mobile ranked it 5th in interface design, behind iOS and Android. 
@user once again I 2nd that... I wanna know what the hell they are saying on Bachelor and Cube without translator 
Martin must be dreading it. It’s make or break for him tomorrow. It’s the nature of the beast 
@user @user of course she does. She's running for Obama's 3rd term. More free stuff &amp; abortion. 
"America may run on Dunkin, but it walks all over anyone trying to make a living working there." 
@user Dont come to milan tomorrow i'll literally punch you in the face im already too stressed like this thanks 
@user Major dilemma.. Do I start Charles tonight or Reggie Wayne Sunday? Messed up by teaching Martin last Thursday!! #help 
"Mannn some negative energy in SM Ent. Lee Soo Man's wife passed away, may she R.I.P." 
It feels like everything is about to fall through for Friday:/ Danica has been sick.. Megan is sick.. And... This stinks 
A white guy just quoted MLK Jr. on stage at a conservative conference. Liberals may now tantrum it up. #FreePAC 
@user I would bet that Monsanto factors into this somehow! Obvious they want to control the food supply even if it may cause cancer 
Does the overturned suspension change your opinion of Tom Brady? once a cheater always a cheater - proven many times 
Wes fucking with Wednesday Adams and gonna get everyone life in prison. 
Frank Gifford died this morning; he would have turned 85 next Sunday: 
I honestly don't understand twilight at all this is the 3rd one I'm watching now 
"It's only right to the victim/family, responsible driving: Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charge in Fatal Crash 
Great...we had tickets to see the PREDS on the 29th & now the games have been cancelled. #NHLlockout 
14th trumps the 10th. So no. States cannot decided for themselves on gay marriage. @user @user 
@user just informed me that Aaron Samuels is gay in real life...dreams ruined. October 3rd ruined. 
Golf Capsules: Nick Watney missed a chance for a 59 on Sunday in his CIMB Classic victory, closing with a course... 
@user @user Nice Try - but why do you #LIE! (#Obama lies2) "Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms" 
@user @user exactly, sat back and watched his people being killed and blames it all on the IRA" 
Can’t wait to hear tomorrows CMAG Meeting about HORNY (CoNI ) Report. Baages wait & watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! CMAG a hope. 
@user @user @user @user Israel will STOMP you like a June Bug 
ISBPL: #NEWS Joe Biden's wife may share his misgivings about another race: Jill Biden campaigned actively for ... 
.@realDonaldTrump Katy perry may have married Russell Brand but at least she doesn't have a wig made out of straw you fuckin jamoke 
"Heard on news: ""Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter. Experts say her gender won't have any effect on charges"" Seriously? #SMDH" 
@user And don't bother trying to impose a Sabbath worship of Sunday or you will find yourself facing a hostile world of CHRISTIANS. 
Former LSU QB Jordan Jefferson was arrested w/ the Honey Badger. Daddy Miles can’t save you this time and let you start on Saturday. 
I hate ASAP on Friday !!!! Why I have BUSY always in the end of week :( 
Ghost Rider 2 is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow 
"Chuck Close is creating mosaics for the 86th st. station of the 2nd ave subway. This makes me hate the project a lot less. Well played, MTA." 
Amazon rainforest: Lungs of the world has lost a 10th of its trees in 5 decades 
"Nirvana's wild overrated but ""Smells Like Teen Spirit"" is way up there on the GOAT list. I'd have sat thru a whole shitty show to hear it" 
"A 60 mile flame burning hotter than the surface of the sun!?!  Come on Sharknado, that is even ridiculous for you." 
Trey Burke has been suspended for the Northern Michigan game (exhibition) tomorrow. 
I'm going to be so sad if I get to go to niall's hotel again on Saturday and he leaves like twenty minutes after I do again 
I think this is seriously the worst song I have ever heard. And I've sat through a bunch of Kanye West performances at these shows.#VMAs 
Hillary just may be that stupid, look at some of her track record screw ups. History tells it all. 
National hot dog day is on Thursday and I am sad because me and @user  won't be able to celebrate together at Sonic. :( 
Why is it that people talk more about Caitlyn Jenner's sex change and less about how she killed a person and may face manslaughter charges? 
"Really Stoops, run the ball on 3rd and 21? Overpaid and under produce," 
Team Rita, oh you fancy huh?  2nd place, trophies, eatin’ at the Blackwell  2nd place, trophies, eatin’ at the Blackwell. Oh you fancy huh? 
Unlucky Wales. Any news on the fitness of Stoke's scrum-halfs ahead of their game against Arsenal on Saturday? 
"This ain't the 1st day I've ever called Nicki ignorant, fuck. I'm on and off w/ her. Its simple, &amp; I don't always like how she handle shit." 
i'm really sad about Michael Jackson today. 
If you even remotely support anything Kanye West says I will say a prayer on Sunday for you and your ignorance 
@user naww U2 may not be the best band for you then 
"Report: Michael Dyer stopped in March with gun, marijuana by unusually understanding state trooper: Sunday, Arka... 
You've got to love an email that starts with """"A significant snowstorm is likely, Tuesday..."""" #ugh #winter " 
"Equalizer tomorrow, Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Day &amp; Fury Sunday. #lastfreemovieweekend" 
"Skinny jeans, tuck in tops with cardigan for tomorrow, but no heels for the whole week! My legs hurt like crazayyy!" 
Why does @user make it so hard to reset my @user password? RIDICULOUS. Still not sure why password stopped working in the 1st place! 
listening to Kendrick Lamar.....I don’t even want to get a hair cut tomorrow!!! 
@user sahib,i think its too late.U should be there on 1st,2nd OR 3rd day of Eid.Why u r always late??" 
i want mildew clitoris off my tl i dont want her anywhere near nicki i dont want to see her rat ass ever again launch her into the sun 
RT @user Apparently the #vmas are tonight. I refuse to support anything which helped the Jersey Shore cast flee the hurricane. 
"My fave kinda Monday evening: fixing my effed up router. 
"I just sat through a whole U2 song without even realizing it, I'm pissed" 
I can get money for Kermit but ain’t gone have it by tomorrow! 
i'd like to know why I have the 1st album by janet Jackson and the 1st record by roxette... shameful really 
Cofield should have hopped off the DM sticks after his 3rd year. Niggas was tired of him lol 
The International Committee of the Red Cross on Friday warned that three Palestinian hunger strikers were at risk... 
I may not know a lot of things about politics but I do know if Donald Trump wins, we are in grave danger. this has been a PSA 
"So, bone to pick with #HigherLearning - Ice Cube is a 6th year senior, preaching race politics &amp; activism.  Yet is clearly a lazy rich kid." 
@user yep. I had a church staffer tell me last night that he outright avoids Muslims for fear he may have to shoot them... 
If we’re still 3rd favourites at the end of the day then odds have more shit than White Hart Lane and Anfield put together. 
I just watched Sharknado and it wasn't the worst thing I've seen (by a lot). I think I may have to reevaluate my life choices. 
"Honestly, Justin Bieber's music could disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow and I couldn't give any less of a fuck." 
"I swear to god if this boy is pulling a Frank Ocean, all the boys will be crying. I have such trust issues now.  
But I thought Angela Merkel was the most evil woman in Europe?  
Why I got talked into this brookwood game, the world may never know. 
I don’t want to take ACT tomorrow. ): 
Ironman Wales highlights on Channel 4 tomorrow morning at 6.35am. I hope there's no footage of me being sick on the run! 
The fact that I’m going back to East York till Jan for no apparent reason.. #ugh 
Poor Burt he sounded in good spirits with Chris Evans on Friday but seems a broken man on Jonathan Ross! 
No school for me and Nat tomorrow. Sucks for you guys !!!! @user 
I'm stuck in London again... :( I don't wanna spend the night in McDonald's! 
@user  Disappointed on your comment on SCOTUS using the 14th amend to void MILLIONS of legal votes by state citizens. Sad USA 
My 8yr old just back talked me.. On Monday when he's at school I'm logging in to Minecraft and destroying his... 
Brock Lesnar.. Attacking me on Monday Night Raw was indeed the biggest mistake you've ever made.. Listen here son. This is not The Deadman- 
WARNING: This may not safe for work. But Mojo &amp; AC just found out about some new Amy Schumer leaked nudes! 
You’re gravely misinformed @user Best to stop the #lie/talking point. U obviously don’t know MLK Jr @user 
Louiss.!! Now you're old 25th.!! And now you want have a little baby from briana! Ohh my fuckk! My baddream!! #Selamatulangtahunlouis 
How is the racism, threats, & hatred shown toward entire Zimmerman family different than any racism that George may have had? #hypocrites 
Will not be going to hari terbuka next friday, have to go to putrajaya 
"Frank Ocean: ""Expect some music in July""  Everyone: Why the fuck you lying... 
@user can u imagine if Sarah palin did this. Rex huppke would be mocking her all day! But a dem says it ... 
@user should have opened up preloads on PS4 days ago so people could have actually finished downloading it by tomorrow. #slowassPSN 
I dont want to talk to no one tomorrow besides evelyn , additi , nathalie , paola & destiny 
Holy drunk! Wine, Johnny walker and beer are not a great combo esp on a Thursday night to many emotions too much sadness, calling it a night 
I noticed Erdogan standing in that mosque whilst the rest were kneeling. Interesting snapshot is all I'm saying. 
Kanye West for President? Why not? He'll be fucking crap just like the others. At least he inhales though! 
How is J Cole gonna colab with Kendrick and then get made to look like a fool on Black Friday 
Briana is acting like us not wearing uniforms to school tomorrow is the next world war 2 
Michael Dyer got kicked out of his 2nd school. SMH. He had it made. Why throw away your talent like that. SMFH 
"Fire damages Buddhist temple at SKorea's Mt Naejang: Seoul, Oct 31 (Kyodo) A fire destroyed the main building of... 
@user Isn't TNA's TV deal gonna be done by the time Big Brother ends? Austin may want to find Jeff Jarrett's number.... 
"Kyocera Rise Review. C'mon Sprint. Even for a budget phone, this isn't going to cut it. 
My dads all buying beds for the house in Wisconsin . Like bitch I haven’t been there since 6th grade 
@user in sorry but my aunt listens to all Kpop and she never heard of ok now yea my fanbase may get mad and start shit but this time 
Net Net and Danee gon beat my ass at school tomorrow especially Net Net she be on dummy 
Ben Howland implies he has no interest in #Huskers hoops coaching job. See LA Times ... 
@user jeez...she offends me cuz she's a hypocrite and gives real Christians a bad name...and the 1st amendment is 1st for a reason! 
"Ambrose vs. Big Show? You people are wasting Dean Ambrose. Just when Monday gets good, Big Show &amp; Taker, make me change the channel. #RAW" 
Boko  Haram just hit Maroua in the Far North Region of Cameroon. 20 dead. May their souls Rest In Peace. We shall... 
Why the fuck does Collins have David Wright batting 2nd 
"Crap!  This sunday is Daylight Savings time, which means messing up my internal clock.  Time say where you are!" 
Woeful start to the 3rd from Murray. Think this is lights out for him. 
TFI Friday is just Chris Evans having a mid life crisis live on TV 
@user I'm bout to run yu just wait till Monday night when Arian foster finish yu off! 
@user MY BIRTHDAY ON FEBRUARY. My friends think it’s for Valentine’s day but I don’t believe so. :( 
im too young to die i haven't even met Zayn but then again the internet b lying sigh 
OBVIOUSLY, i am not a fan of Dream High 2 and i haven’t even watched it! well, i watched the 1st ep,that’s where i heard that song!^^ 
Catelynn looked like a straight up street walker the 1st season of teen mom. 
This is for you ignorant fucks that think Bob Marley's birthday is on 4/20 
"It may be controversial, but from the wholesale approval of Corbyn, I am reminded of Tony Blair. He could do no wrong as well." 
"I'm just so boooreeed.... You never know, @user I may be bored enough to draw you John CENA" 
The Jets are 30th in points differential. Have the worst PD of any NFL team that's not from Florida. 
Love my @user but 1st item under The Week in 8/24 issue about Planned Parenthood scandal was beneath you. I expect a little more, friends. 
@user what about the victims of IRA terrorism David, do you ever think of them? Kingsmill, Le Mon or even Kevin McGuigan" 
Dear ppl who attribute vocal fry trend to Britney &amp; Kim K: have you ever heard Jay-Z talk? 
Just minutes after Jeb Bush bashed Donald Trump in his stump speech on Thursday, Bush was questioned by a frustrated voter on what he 
"1st Donald Trump then Kenye West? Presidency isn't even about politics anymore it's a damn popularity contest these days..a joke" - my dad 
"Seriously, you's fault is that Alonso doesn't have his 3rd (and possibly 4th) WDC yet?? I am sure we all know the answer." 
"Tomorrow in Marca: Headline """"Arbeloa doesn't want Ancelotti to coach him"""" 
@user on Saturday our new dudebro neighbours had a party and kept us up by having an angry loud fight on the deck about caitlyn Jenner 
The fact I probably won't see them again before march makes me want to cry #MTVStars The Vamps 
Does everyone not realize the Voice is rigged. Ie cassadee pope sang in the signed band Hey Monday. Or Dia was half of Meg & Dia. 
Wow after tonight I may actually be done with Big Brother for the rest of the season. No one good left to win. #BB17 
And @user Mail, Calendar, Music, and Video apps have been rewritten for the third time in four years... 
@user @user 2nd a huge percentage of Christians are Christians by name not practice. specially in the west. 
The hardest thing about tomorrow will be leaving Bentley, but it'll be nice for my hands and feet since he's always chewing on them 
Does he really hate women and Muslims or is he just a twisted provocateur?  
"We got any Ole Miss and Mississippi State fans in the house?? If you dont, then your team just may suck." 
@user Erdogan won't appoint Kilicdaroglu until Saturday. Afterwards it will already be too late for a new round of negotiations! 
Hulk Hogan uses the N word and is under fire... The N's use it every day and it is OK... I may use the White word. Fuck this country 
this nigga @user just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez...smh, 21st birthday shit 
FLASH: Senegal are disqualified from the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations after a riot forced Saturday's home tie with Ivory Coast to be abandoned 
"No way Kane comes here, it's where he gets in trouble the most. Would be kicked out of the NHL by his 30th bday for summer incidents" 
@user I'd ask my roommate how he felt about the Spurs, but the answer would take til tomorrow morning. That sob got me sick too!" 
@user @user @user @user @user our true par is probably 5th behind Arsenal. It might not be nice but it's the reality 
@user ps4 has a known issue with 1st gen consoles ejecting disc y charge 149 4 an issue that consumers didn't cause @user 
Ugh Wednesday is taking forever to get here!! All I want to do is watch Big Brother #BB17 @user 
@user @user why nobody have ever said it about any country outside Africa? : why Angela Merkel ran again for a 3rd term? 
Aw man!My pre-ordered Blu-Ray copy from Amazon doesn't get here until the 14th!I should have just gone to the store! 
Nigga you can't make it with this TT! RT @user #NigeriaNewspaperHeadlines Terry G releases the 1st rock song in nigeria ---Apako 
Sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and I do, #ULazySackOfShit Thalia Its all love though lmao 
If the weeknd doesn't clear up the rumors about him disliking black women tomorrow I might have to pull a kayne on him then pull a Nicki 
@user @user Donald Trump:  born on 3rd base, but now believes that he hit a triple. Friend of working man?  No, He's a bum. 
The pitch for Sat nights game is going to me atrocious due to the Coldplay concert #iwantAAMIparkback #mvfc 
@user he actually made that tweet in January, not about yesterday. But it was just as shitty a comment at that time (Charlie Hebdo)" 
DTN Cricket: Pattinson may be saved for A tour ahead of Ashes: James Pattinson may not make it to the ODI tour o... 
@user Muslims refugees by himself and then by right you could of sat at home and wanked over his pics 
Hulk Hogan may be the only person ever to spout out a racial rant in the middle of his sex tape 
"RT @user The guy is a nut, but I will miss Andy Rooney rambling about something ridiculous each Sunday night: 
@user @user I see it like this: Angela Merkel: German multiculturalism has 'utterly failed' 
I am Painset shimmercakes unchanged demigod of the frieks  I want power and revenge against twilight and sun butt 
We should condemn Sunday Oliseh pls. He is not d messiah of our Super Eagles. We can not go far with Oliseh Na from Sunday we go know Monday 
Aston Villa fear Fabian Delph facing long layoff with shoulder injury: Having been ruled out of Saturday's tri... 
Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Gamble May Not Solve Turkey Poll Impasse: Less than five months after the last legislat... 
So Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges? Ironic she already slaughtered her manhood 
I'm sad I can't watch Messi and the Argentina squad on Tuesday :( 
Fucking JON STEWART just made John Cena lose the match for his 16th world title because he doesn't want Cena to tie Flair. Wrestling's great 
Tom Boonen has been summoned to man the polling station in Mol this Sunday. If he doesn’t, he’ll get fined 
"Aside from the CL final of 05, the 07 game against Arsenal, 2nd leg was the most stressful game I can think of" 
"Floyd Mayweather may be filthy rich, but in the end and in the beginning you are nothing but a white man's bitch." 
I havent went to Philly in a while :( my mom going tomorrow but she coming back the day after. & that’s bullshit. 
"I like Moose but he should stop bitching about the Thor pitch. Fuck Escobar, that's one way to get him back o stop swinging at the 1st pitch" 
@user I stand with israel and they may take my home and food...no thanks God taught me to avoid pits of snakes. 
August 11th 2010 Was the day I met Mitch... I regret not taking a picture with him. Fuck. I’ll miss going to SS shows.... </3 
"Hopefully, David's never ever going to join Real Madrid now or in the future.  
"Chad sentences Boko Haram members to death for June attacks: Recent months, however, have seen the group stage...  
Skimmed it  May not LIKE the SCOTUS decision but it's THE LAW. No offense, but your Pope? Climate Change? seriously? 
@user  But foreign intervention isn’t helping but i think Qabiil is doing HEFTY damage in Somalia. It divided us in the 1st place 
Kentucky clerk gets emotional and claims he may have to die in his fight against gay marriage via @user 
@user @user Also, Ashlee Simpson was booed at the Orange Bowl b/c that was her 1st live performance after SNL lip sync debacle 
I still don't even know what the fuck i'm taking at A level and i have to enrole tomorrow 
I've sat through five seasons of Game of Thrones and I still couldn't tell you a single characters name. 
"When you're as bad at campaigns as Scott Walker, you should just give up 
As things stand, the bottom 3 in Serie A are Bologna (18th), Empoli (19th); and Juventus (20th). 
"C'mon, @user Rahul Gandhi has decimated the Congress, but you're still in the party #SoniaRahulHazirHo  
Getting up at 3am tomorrow to get to the embassy to wait outside in the freezing cold for 3 hours :( kinda hate south africa right now. 
Teen Mom 2 comes back Monday. Still not as good as the first teen mom tho... 
Oh shit Nicki and Mikey gone be in the same room tomorrow I wonder if Mikey gone talk all that shit then #VMAs 
Jeb Bush may have lots of cash and great political organization but don't compare him to Romney.  He doesn't have the moxie needed today! 
@user hey can not figure out the time of M&amp;G on January 12 in Milan,me you might say? I am panicking! See me thanks x" 
@user Heard you are a software company. Why then is most of your software so bad that it has to be replaced by 3rd party apps? 
#BloodySunday Martin McGuinness admitted he was the IRA  gunman who sparked 'Bloody Sunday' with a single shot 
@user ill be at the Dec 22nd game vs the Lakers. My GF is a Lakers fan so basically we won’t be talking much that day. Warriors!!!! 
Kinda just want to stay home and cry all day tomorrow... 
"I guess, SP or Congress ruled States may create TERRORISTS WELFARE MINISTRY soon. Yakub's wife will be the 1st minister" 
Khaleda Zia's present India visit may have a bumerang effect on BNP. Bd army will never compromise w/ the power involve in BDR mutiny. 
"You could almost hear the arteries clogging. ICYMI, latest report details unhealthy #s at the San Diego County Fair 
When David Cameron wanted military action on Syria he may have been supporting IS as he was against Assad 
JK bless that this Sunday is the season finale of Downton Abbey. I don’t know how much more crying I can take. 
Waaahhh I want to cry when I see Radio City because I wasn't there on the 11th to see the boys. 
@user Oracle DID NOT bring us Java.  Sun (and James Gosling) brought us Java.  Oracle was just responsible for crapifying it. 
@user it just gets me hot people trash may for being cocky but not Rousey 
briana's baby is due in march if it's on my birthday ill deactivate 
I don’t give a Fuck though, it’s all about #sockersweek #ChicagoMagicPSG Friday night Lights at Olympic Park 
"You'd assume the Mets would love to have David Wright back by next weekend in Colorado, worst case scenario Monday in Philadelphia." 
My family are listening to Justin Bieber and im just  Sat here feeling a little sick 
@user your ""point"" is invalid Thursday is named after Thor, therefore you're doing it wrong@VeggieNinja23 @user @user 
Jeb Bush should speak English only as it encourages ESL /we should be honoring this country - not making it into a 3rd world one! 
"just watched """"Project X"""" for the 1st time, im unamazed.. y’all hyped it WAY PAST what it was.." 
"Tony Blair has a cheek being at remembrance Sunday, seeing as he illegally sent many young men to their death illegally in Iraq." 
What if yall catch me on WorldStarHipHop tomorrow bc iGet arrested at the K.L. concert for trying to rape him thoo ._____. 
Price may have laid out Fraundley Harrison out pretty bad and easily, but still both Klitschko brother wipe the floor with him. #boxing 
"if Twilight wins all the awards at the TCA's tonight, I will burn my Twilight posters k? ok." 
If frank ocean doesn't realize his album by July 45 I'm going to kill myself 
@user Bobby Jindal may care about Planned Parenthood but he's a crappy La. Governor 
Can't believe I left my charger at Tia's. I have just under 50% until tomorrow, so in living on my IPod. You can only contact me via Twitter 
@user  C'mon Gabe im a optimistic Fan but  the CATS are not going to Beat LSU and ST that easily Winning one more is hard enough 
How about we fire John Kasich into the sun instead? 
If you're dumb enough to believe the Planned Parenthood sting videos, you are complicit in burning an office 
@user I miss sunday nights where Mob wives came on then Stevie Tv would. Now I gotta put up with this Chicago Bullshit and NO StevieTv 
Cba with school tomorrow, ugh whats the point 
@user true!..dude hasn’t gotten it in his 4th season and still plays the same, can’t be like Alex Smith who just got it together lol 
Firework just came on my tv and I just broke down and sat and cried, I need help okay 
John Cena may have been injured tonight at a WWE live event. 
@user @user @user Lying bucket of turds. The Clinton Foundation may have taken money from Gates and Monsanto but the 
Ahhhh the next few weekends are going to be messy! First off - this saturday: Powder Room at the Gladstone Hotel... 
OK....  James Franklin may not be a good coach in the big10...  Constant questionable calls..  and management issues 
So we can sue Obama over bird deaths from his Solar Factories in the West, Nice...   
I go on channel 7 to see what the weather is gonna be like tomorrow and   Taylor Swift singing.. #EEWWW #GETOFFMYTV 
It's Justin's funeral tomorrow, it was a pleasure to have known and worked with such a great racer. RIP Badass   
@user - That may not happen now with all the sackings Over in Cupertino. 
The wildest lie I told a chick when I loved in ATL I told her I just got drafted to the Falcons in the 6th round before Google was poppin 
@user @user if you're not an IRA sympathiser you may as well piss off and join the Tories. Irrelevance here we come! 
@user Fuck CC. Curtis may have been the villain but let's not forget just how complacent CC was in throwing Effie under the bus 
"He he he he """"@EconomicTimes: West Indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala (TimesNow)""""" 
Justin has been my bitch since the 6th grade 
'Sometimes you're just better off dead, there's a gun in your hand that's pointing to your head...' Wednesday's iPod selection 
"If I was Walcott, Sterling or Kane sat on the bench, I'd be insulted that Vardy is playing over me. A hard worker, but not international lvl" 
"In case you turned your Internet off today, Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift had some Bad Blood on Wednesday. 
"I may be a directioner but that doesn't mean that I agree with them bashing justin bieber, 5sos or any other artist" 
I hope Tom Brady gets fucking clobbered about 699 times next Sunday 
@user @user Real stupid you can't change your avatar to a premium one you bought, on PS4. What if you no longer had a PS3. C'mon." 
@user I still think it was fake. I always thought Nicki to be the type to call you out on a random Tuesday, not at an awards show" 
#Annoyed #GoldenOpportunity wasted.   Tomorrow is another game. #Hate the Red Sox 
@user first time I heard of ""twilight"" I assumed it was a horror/thriller flick, but I sat thru it. Imagine my disappointment.." 
Nice One Hillary...don't want to mention Tar Sands, Monsanto, Arctic Drilling and the TPP? I'm supporting Bernie. 
@user ah! The old Rohypnol in a glass of milk ruse. Your gunna be sore when you wake up tomorrow. 
Erdogan "knows that the Dec. 17 and 25 corruption operations hang like a Sword of Damocles"  
Sharknado i can watch it now: The fuck. Sharknado budget of 1m or 2m cameos up the wazoo. Watching 2nd one now... 
my iTunes is playing sun is shining by bob marley, my ears can’t trick me, it’s BLOODY freezing. hat, scarf AND gloves today kids! 
Happy Valentines Day ? I thought stupid #valentine was on the 14th of Feb. 
How strange in Tia Sharp's case and now April the police have a 'man helping' with inquiries yet they can't conclude what has\is happened 
Jeb Bush attacking Donald Trump in Spanish seems like the 2nd act of a Greek tragedy where your efforts to avoid the prophecy make it happen 
Salt Lake Tribune - Man dies after Murray shooting - A man died Sunday morning after he was found shot outside a h... 
Ice Cube can help with the Straight Outta Compton movie but can't even make the last Friday movie.... Bruhhh 
@user btw yakub was a good terrorist !! may he never rest in peace .. 
@user said Bloody Sunday the biggest recruitment drive for IRA. Multiply that over decades and much larger populations 
@user Justin, I think you got that backwards. See my Sep 3 post on Obamanomics outpacing Daugaardonomics: 
Huge difference isis is killing innocents on the other hand Saudi Arabia kill accused people  
Sad ppl like these rafidis. They insult the 1st people of Islam &amp; here he is so confident as he slanders. An idiot. 
@user @user Id lost interest in Bioshock Infinite with delays etc. I think I may be drawn back in a bit: 
Yesterday the #NHL cancelled games up to November 1st. The Winter Classic and All-Star game could be in jeopardy soon. 
why does my bus driver have to start driving before I'm sat down and me make me look like madonna at Brits award 
"Don't tell me Rousey pulling a Mayweather and ducking fighters now. If Cyborg says she is down for December, make it happen." 
Kurt Cobain Solo Release Any REAL Nirvana fan WILL NOT be buying this.. just money grabbing Brett Morgan and Courtney 
It’s Howard Webb. Bookies aren’t giving odds on that. @user What are the odds that Man U will get a penalty on Saturday? #RefereeUnited 
When you've been sold out to the NRA and Monsanto.  
Shit here comes all the hawker tweets. Don’t worry Wildcat fans they will all be gone on March 20 (first round of NCAA tourney) 
I'm so mad Seth Rollins is going to talk so much tomorrow on raw kiwi fuck I'm so mad 
That 2nd half was shit LA didnt deserve to win it Vancouver played tough and didnt deserve to be screwed by the ref 
@user Well Tuesday is a busy TV night state-side. I’m still not done with the latest ep of Hart of Dixie! 
Momentum spurred on by the IRA terrorist supporter McDonnell won't give up. They are violent &amp; don't respect free sp 
"Heather is like the serpent in the garden trying 2 entice info from McBain! Michael Easton, dont ever go away that long! Watching Tues #GH." 
Dairy from cows treated with Monsanto's growth hormone may sharply increase cancer risk and other diseases. 
Michelle Obama to jump in race for president? via @user A 3rd term 4 the communist, islamists in the WH, NO 
.@SenTedCruz @user @user   We don't want Obama dumping them in the USA!   
Ugh someone just hang out with me tomorrow. All my friends are either always working or still at LSU 
Rousey vs. Holm may be the biggest waste of a UFC card I've ever seen. 
Disappointing end to the match for Isner. Would've liked to see a 3rd set tiebreak but Federer is a robot. He's ridiculous. 
"Kanye West struggling through this speech is like watching a four year old learn how to read. ""It's ok, baby, you can try again tomorrow.""" 
"Saturday I saw you, holding hands with someone new..." That part does something to my soul. Circles by Mariah Carey 
"Saudi Arabia, Iran Face Dueling Drug Epidemics: Both the governments of Saudi Arabia and Iran announced Monday... 
"so, i heard earlier today that michael jackson's doctor is finally going to trial. it's been a year & NOW you're doing something?! #BS" 
#Trayvon My daily tweet (10/05) in memory of Trayvon Martin - killed 223 days ago. ~May you Rest in Peace~ (Thoughts of love to family) 
"Shame Fabian Delph didn't play for England tonight but then again, if he had, we'd have loads of papers reports tomorrow about a transfer." 
@user @user tru....I may still need to glance it...because Jurassic World straight sucked 
Kendrick's 2015 album may be important but it's not especially listenable. Future sounds like a guy playing with a microphone at Best Buy. 
"Ugh, it's gonna be so embarrassing to have to go to work tomorrow, having not been being crowned Miss USA tonight." 
this girl who literally bullied me since 7th grade bc i liked kpop is now into it too Man zfFuck u 
"Bake Off, Strictly, Big Brother, X Factor. It's the TV equivalent of reading The Sun. What's wrong with us? Are we ashamed of intelligence?" 
Jeb Bush releasing tax reform plan tomorrow, Trump will say it is stupid, Bush a moron. His plan: Make America great &amp; put on top again, 
Most annoying twat ever! But she brought Dunkin so I may just talk to her today... 
@user oh didn’t I see where Tom Brady is the 9th most overrated NFL player. Yes this explains it.  #nflplayersarehaterstoo 
He just isn`t a sneak like Clinton. If she cared about womens rights she wouldn't be taking money from Saudi Arabia. 
Bobby Jindal thinks if you call ISIS "radical Islam," the US flag will fly over Mecca tomorrow. #GOPDebate 
Danny Care may be the best scrum half England have but he’s still a massive c-bomb 
Saudi Arabia is just Isis with full statehood. And yet they're our allies. 
In other news why the hell is tomorrow National Hot Dog Day....I don't even like hot dogs like that 
Look at Joseph lol. Me too I dont want to attend teacher JLin’s class under the sun! I dont light sun that much hahaha 
OU really has nothing play for anymore. Screw the sun bowl or cotton bowl. if we aren’t in a bcs bowl game, it’s a disappointing season. 
"If the PLL Halloween special aired THIS Tues. instead of last Tues., I would be even more creeped out considering the next day is Halloween." 
Kanye west and piers Morgan have the same weed dealer... 
Hulk Hogan. More like Bulk Fooligan. Some folks never know when it's time to leave the room. He's had his day in the sun. Time to go away! 
1st Scott Walker dismissed #BlackLivesMatter then he dismissed Muslims Is he being self destructive or preparing his Exit Speech? #ByeWalker 
@user When i saw the tsunami on March 11 on NHK, it put tears in my eyes!!!" 
@user so they should’ve ran the ball on 3rd & 7? Blame Cam all U want but Flacco is the problem. Elite QBs dont have games like that 
Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter after a fatal Malibu car crash 
@user   Never believe the state / BBC - I think you may be coming to the conclusion the BBC are not trustworthy. 
@user Not accurate.  Red Sox are 13-9 since Aug 10.  Jays 15-6 and Yanks are 14-9 in the same time period. 
My dad just dramatically got upset at me for no reason but I was getting an iPad tomorrow so now what 
Shout out to @user for being the worst movie since @user Sharknado has a chance to reclaim the title tomorrow... 
I wanna go and see Shawn in Oslo the 17th so badly... omfg I hate living in this shittown 
@user you are exceptionally ill equipped to recognise parodies of RSS propaganda that said ""all Muslims may not b terrorists..."" :)" 
The World Bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the East Asia and Pacific region on Monday and said there was a risk the slowdow... 
@user @user  May the world know, that NATO, and especially the USA, UK, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Israel, are the worst terrorists." 
Wednesday episodes of Big Brother are so boring now that there are no more Battle of the Block competitions. 
Joe Biden wants to sit in on the hearings to watch Hillary's IT patsy take the 5th. 
"Keep repeating ""Islam is the religion of peace"" and it may become true.  What, this isn't a fairy tale? #islamistheproblem" 
Did anyone tell Dustin Johnson that winning requires a lead on the 4th day and not just the 1st day? 
Is it just me or is Google apps email just plain slow today? 
@user I may not be a fan of KPOP but this is definitely racist (what @user said just to clarify) 
i suspect RBI may be next in line.. either there is going to be rate custs.. of RBI gov on way out ! @user @user 
"Out or ALL THE GIRLS IN THE UNIVERSE, shawn MAY have a thing with a girl that annoys the fuck out of me gtg" 
I need to go to sleep I have school tomorrow and I have to wake up at the crack of niall's white cracker ass 
OMG A Trump supporter on #CNN just suggested that Jeb Bush may have low testosterone which is why he's low energy. 
well...i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves. now i’ll have to take pics of the snow. #thanksweather 
But then I don’t get why EP kings are gonna play Super Rugby but they still playing kwi 1st Div.. Crusaders aint no Puma’s just so they know 
I hate watching TVD from the middle. I'm gonna have see the episode tomorrow -.- 
"#HowToPissAGirlOff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying """"happy valentine’s day""""" 
#YakubHanged Congi liberals who are whining Kalam would have pardoned Yakub should have supported Kalam's 2nd term. Why all the drama now? 
"Kanye West to replace Frank Ocean at FYF Fest this Saturday. If I had tickets, I'd be pissed and fuckin' AMPED at the same time." 
The Sun political editor says the combined % of CON &amp; LAB will be at all time low for this parliament when YOUGOV polling figures released 
@user @user Was in on sat and they only had the Ray Lewis home jersey.  They didn’t have a lot either. 
@user I may have to violate the Democrat's Iran Deal...because I will never let Iran get a nuke. #TrumpIsRight 
@user @user The day we start legislating from the pulpit is the day religious freedom dies. We may as well be Iran at that point 
Sitting here watching Jurassic park: the lost world and remembering why the 1st one is my favorite. #ishouldjustwatchthat 
"Regarding his Twitter, Hulk Hogan is not doing himself any favors by saying anything w/o running it through a good p.r. team and lawyer 1st." 
Few people understand names - google+ may have failed because of it.  @user 
Premier League Team done ready for tomorrow. Bit of a risky tactic that might backfire in week 1! Now to get ready for NFL FF draft tonight 
Following the much publicized outbreak of measles that started in Disneyland in California in December, vaccine exemptions have drawn 
How have I missed that today is National Margarita Day?!?!?  Kinda doesn’t go with Ash Wednesday..... 
Bit concerned my brother hasn't read the facebook message I sent him asking him to bring me the last 2 episodes of Hannibal tomorrow. 
"Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other TouchWiz devices may also be vulnerable | Th 
Hard to be excited about Eric church at wefest for the 3rd time in 5 years. Does literally no one else want to headline?! 
Check it out! --> Report: Steelers can’t find hotel, to travel Sun. 
Apparently a glut of Republican presidential candidates will be in Ames Saturday to make an already insane game day worse. Thanks, Obama. 
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Wednesday mocked Hillary Clinton with a prison joke about the latest developments... 
"Damn.  My two fav Chicago athletes, Kane and D Rose, may be facing rape charges.  Hope neither is true...but if so...justice for the women." 
"That minister may influence how you see Christians, but please don't let his blog be the place you learn about Christianity. :(" 
"CLG may have lost to Dignitas but i do know this: Eagles of Death Metal are off the chain, 
never in my life will I root for Conor McGregor. one day ... (and that day may never come) .. someone will demolish him. #oneDay #UFC189 
@user The sun is shit in general! they made up bad thing about Zayn, the baby news, Harry and 'X' girl every day, homophobic Liam" 
Taylor doesn't give a shit about my country even Katy perry will be here tomorrow..Katy perry 
"I'm not very fond of Peter Travers, but it's a big deal that he may possibly lose his job at Rolling Stone. Not in a good way either." 
Barcelona's Carles Puyol out 8 weeks with dislocated elbow suffered in Champions League win Tuesday 
The Democrat Party may be finished if Black AmeriCANs are waking up to the reality of how Donald Trump SHALL... 
Some random man just sat next to me on the bus and told me I had skin cancer. Wtf?! Good old Oldham!! 
I hope we don’t go to the NINERS game onda 11th. BUT, I wouldn’t mind meetin’ up widd my boo, KYLE WILLIAMS inda loccer room & stuff. Lmfao! 
Nirvana was scheduled to headline Lollapalooza in 1994 but dropped out on April 7th. Kurt Cobain's dead body was found the next day. 
Damn. If I was able to go today I could have watched the advanced screening of Terra Nova :( 
@user I really hope you told people passin by that it's an experiment otherwise this video may've spread some negativity bout Islam 
"If POTUS Barack Hussein Obama during tomorrow nights debate would call Willard Mitt Romney a liar the 1st time Mitt lies, Election is his." 
@user @user we may elect to forget famous Iran Contra then under Bush till he declared Axis of Evil every one failed Kerry did 
I refuse to go to school tomorrow because it's still July until frank ocean drops his album 
@user Girl Exactly But I’m Mad Because They Pushed Gotti Date Back! But Fuck All That NOVEMBER 23 RVA!  Shawty how you acting?? 
"At least 2 of the US Soldiers killed today in Afghanistan were Nebraska natives, one from my hometown.  Praying for them and the others" 
Everytime I watch the 4th Harry Potter, a part of me still thinks that maybe Cedric will return to the port-key... But he never does *cries* 
Migration the real European crisis - Angela Merkel 
"Unlike Mel Gibson, Chuck Norris didn't get drunk &amp;quot;one night&amp;quot; and spout off remarks of anti-semitism; he does this every Thursday." 
I forgot all about Ice Cube being in the movie First Sunday. I think I seen this shit in the theaters. 
"Christians threatened with violence for worshipping Christ. No, not in Saudi Arabia. In Texas. 
"Honey, you're ruining Sam Smith. I may just have to kill you." 
George Osborne will on Tuesday reject calls for the UK to take part in latest Greek bailout: FT 
The 2nd game United lost was away to Chelsea. Martin Atkinson was the ref then and some of his decisions incurred the wrath of SAF. 
"By Hadeel Al Sayegh DUBAI, Dec 24 (Reuters) - A fire at a hospital in Saudi Arabia killed 25 people and injured more than 100 others as it" 
Vampire Diaries is already ruining my life and I'm only on the 8th episode of the first season. Ok. 
Whoever decided how Oracle does date arithmetic is getting kicked into the sun. 
Lmao RT @user Curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on Sunday. #scumbag 
Picture says it all. Britain i stuffed - literally with Muslims. British pll will become 2nd class citizens. 
"Kyle will clown 2 QB systems for dayzz when BYU does it for 2 games, but he may have backed himself into that corner #cawcaw" 
lil cousin Kendrick funeral is tomorrow it will be hard seein alot of people heartbroken and crying #flyhighkendrick 
Bad Blood may have the absolute worst lyricism I've ever heard in my life (regarding Taylors parts) #UsedtobeMadLove #ReallyDeepCut 
"Presumably, in the balance of justuce, the arrest of soldiers over Bloody Sunday fiasco means old ex IRA members will also be questioned?" 
Messi has now failed to score against Atletico for the 5th consecutive game 
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked this is why i stopped with montreal canadiens..foreign languages..say one thing..may mean  
"Honesty is often best policy: Fabio Capello, Russia coach: """"I was hoping Ronaldo’s injury was more serious so he couldn’t play tomorrow.""""" 
"Yes, Neutron Star Collision may be crap but it was written for Twilight so what would you expect?" 
How does Sarah Palin stay so tan when she lives in a state that does not see sun 50% of the year? 
@user Mike I think you are a large piece of cow dung! FDA may have approved GMO's but sir you must be in bed with Monsanto. KOCH 
@user damn it! I was gonna see if you wanted to go visit Mitchie with me on Friday! :( 
"I still can't believe my laptop charger broke... It may take me a while to replace it as well, so PS4 streams are taking over the channel!" 
Worth noting George Osborne must have known about the drone strike when he made his comments on the Andrew Marr Show on Sunday #DroneGate 
@user Breakout Kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the 2nd season. 
@user First Jan Hooks, and now Elizabeth Pena. Both with really no explanation, either. RIP, ladies. :(" 
"I googled ""coffee & its immediate response, mechanisms"" the first page that appeared ""September 11 attacks, Wiki"".. I dont see the link here" 
@user is on the radio instead. MT @user It’s the first week without any Waterloo Road. Going to be a boring Thursday. 
"I'm gonna be failing dat HST test tomorrow, Zoe better put her paper where I can see it! #pleaseandthankyou @user @user @user 
"Sharknado 3 comes on tonight. Yes, a movie about a shark tornado has made it to a 3rd movie, and yes, I too have lost all faith in humanity." 
"One season wonders don't tend to do it in their 1st season when only 21. Ridiculous that ppl even consider it. Kane is class, get used to it" 
@user  If you Google his name you may know why he is no longer invited 
"Last Eid, Gaza was in black. My friend was killed by Israeli shelling on the 1st day of Eid #HappyEid" 
"Always been strange for the Caitlyn Jenner narrative to glide over role in this recent, lethal car crash 
i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow ... BUT NOOOOOOOOO , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test 
Acta gets the ax. Wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on Tuesday 
@user Only if they lose the NFC Championship like last season.. fucking overtime. We get to redeem ourselves tomorrow though :) 
Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge?! I guess I don't get it. I mean sure her transition was intentional but Bruce is still alive... 
"#MTVSTARS Lady Gaga  I may not walk on your street or shoot a gun on your soil I hear you screaming, is it because of pleasure or toil?" 
But on Friday she REFUSED to apologize in interview with liberal Hack Andrea Mitchell. Hillary is a phony. @user @user 
@user Man I’m thinking as hard as a 12 inch dick on a Saturday morning that has to pee as bad a race horse at the Kentucky derby 
may Allah destroy you oh enemy of Allah for your enmity towards Muslims! what Muslims have done to you and you don't leave us alone o kafir! 
H&M delivery is SO shit. I ordered things and paid extra for next day delivery on Saturday and it still hasn’t come 
@user @user small words ms Curtis, he's still a 4th grader mentally" 
George Osborne scrapped #CarbonZero housing targets in May because it'd 'never be affordable'. This is a bit awkward. 
This statement may seem heartless but the refugees in EU are another way to over run the west with Islam 
@user you're Floyd may weather and I'm 50 cent don't make me force you to read full sentences from Harry Potter 
"And that Nicki and Miley ""beef"" looked toooo staged, Nicki smiled, Miley response was too instant (like she been practisin it).. c'mon MTV" 
Hillary apologizes the way Kardashians wed--several times in quick succession &amp; never sincerely. 
"""""@OriginalKingD: So you want people like Chief Keef & Ted Nugent to have guns. c’mon son #debate""""" 
forgot it was Thursday so i missed another episode of TVD... i give up on life 
Watching Friday After Next on VH1 sucks... Every other damn word is bleeped out. We all know what it really says. Just let it be. Damn 
Boehner wants president to change speech to Thurs instead of going against #GOP2012 debate. What? Same time as Packers-Saints #NFL opener?!? 
I do love my iPhone 6plus but I am definitely not a fan of the fact that I just accidentally sat on it and it is now another shape... 
@user Tanaka stinks. Plus, Dickey owns the Yankees, and David Price is on the mound Saturday." 
Lol super awkward if its hella foggy at Rim tomorrow and the games suppose to be on tv lol  Uhhhh.. Where’s the ball? Lol 
The Rick Santorum signing that was scheduled for tomorrow at the Books A Million in Exton, PA has been CANCELLED due to the weather. 
"Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday Kendrick, why are you a monster? Why do you murder tracks? 
Arianators please help me. I’m a girl who’s body is very sore and just asking for Ariana & Jennette’s goodluck for tomorrow. PLEASE :( 
Me and @user just sat here for fucking 10 mins trying to find out what nirvana meant in 'how deep is your love' #saddos 
Becoming dangerously obsessed with one of tomorrow's Melodifestivalen songs. I'm sure you can see why. 
"Heads up: Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other TouchWiz devices may also be vulnerable 
"if I don't see Ed Sheeran in concert I'm going to drown myself, I've been wanting to see him since the 7th Grade" 
Is this CiF piece meant to be funny?  I mean, other than in the unintentional sense of being ironically humourless 
"Reagan gone need me tomorrow , she gone want some if my candy , but ima tell her Noo" 
@user when managers/players make it a matter of their ego then things always go bad. That's his problem.. 2nd stint at Barca e.g 
@user Also the detail that the BBC, reporting the later date on 2 September, simply assumed "US drone strike" 
"Sat in McDonald's feeling like Real Madrid. I placed my order, paid for it, yet the goods haven't been delivered. #famished" 
Steve  Just heard Green Day's 'Time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. I miss everyone...  Seymour 
"Naruto is getting MORE filler after august, all about bloody TenTen. The most irrelevant character in the story. I'm so pissed" 
"~ for, but worst of all, he's cheated the WWE Universe out of what they truly deserve. Monday night was just beginning, if Seth Rollins is ~" 
My mom watching the Trayvon Martin trial ... Smh some may say its fucked up but I just don’t care 
my iTunes is fucking up and isn't even letting me buy Calibraska so I'll definitely gift tomorrow or once I figure it out I'm sorry 
Please someone cheap shot the hell out of Tom Brady next Sunday. 
@user 1st time I hear a White House shiver over Iran. Looks like they got you by the ----cz you folks sold us out to the enemy. 
Granted, I'm comparing it to giving birth to our 2nd kid, but I'll add my "Well, that was anti-climactic" to the pile re: Amazon Prime Day. 
I want to see EB but idk don't look to good guess ill call it a netflix night. 
In May OKC is still gonna b the primary threat to lose to the Lakers 
"I swear if the Cowboys win Sunday I'm literally never talking to a Cowboys fan again, you'll all be dead to me I can't explain" 
@user we was on the move today. That MTA was not sexy though. Whippington is needed 
@user @user not in the 8th amendment it doesnt the same freaks who came up with gay marraige came up with that crap 
Why couldn't I have heard about the frank ocean spotify shit tomorrow or something :( 
@user only because Iron Maiden sat across from us kept looking at me like he wanted to kill me with his awful bare hands. 
@user went to work on Saturday and someone had spray painted 'Kony 2012' on the side of royal high school haha poor effort 
@user My thriller shows what the stupid deal with Iran may deliver. Please read. 
@user @user Our team is the most hated in the league. Did you see Lee and Terry's frustration Tuesday? Welcome to the CELTICS! 
"I hate when ppl do rates on IG & lie! The bitch look like UNDERTAKER & you gone give her a 9.7 , c'mon man!" 
Chris Evans is worse for wear as he parties with wife at London's Chiltern Firehouse following festive TFI Fri... 
sad that my dunkin won't have pumpkin coffee till the 29th 
We tried to watch Jurassic World and watched like an 8th and the Internet died on us :( 
@user do we really have to march every time we have issues to deal with?   Marchers clash at Cosatu rally 
Pushing myself like no tomorrow to study for just a little more - not feeling good about tomorrow’s Physics exam though. #4days 
"If I feel even worse tomorrow for my chem exam, I'm going to be sooooo MAD" 
@user show some bloody respect. Google+? he may not be world class but you'll have been singing his praises a few seasons ago 
Anyone up for an internet pool on when the Russian pilots shoot down the 1st Turkish aircraft? Erdogan, may wimp out &amp; ground his aircraft. 
"""@JazzzyyJ: this is the first Thursday in a long time where i didn’t get to see @user :( #HowSad"" Skype counts (:" 
George Zimmerman is not going to win this trial he may as well plead guilty 
May or may not have twisted my ankle reenacting Serena vs. Venus with my roommate last night. 
@user @user  If Tony Abbott and his cabinet are ""Christians"" - please give me Muslims any day!  I'm 5th gen Australian!" 
Can’t sleep...watching Stevie TV for the 4th time tonight @user 
Are they closing all schools 4 the Pope visit or the Million man march anniversary???? Foolishness. ... 
It would appear that Muslims may be many and good but Islam is a philosophy of hate. I see nothing to make me think otherwise. God help them 
today is Desperation Day. If you know what i mean. 
"Gay marriage became legal June 26...by gawd, the world has yet to implode" 
Why won’t NBC, CBS, ABC and CNN cover the breaking news in the Benghazi story? Information came out last Tuesday,... 
Gov.Ventura is right Abortion is premeditated murder in the 1st degree Scott Walker's law is stupid Who shed's  man's blood By man hisBshed 
@user keep uribe in. Wright cant throw from 1st to 3rd on the fly. David wright sucks the life out of this team. He's an AVERAGE player. 
@user SCOTUS has no authority to make law. Only Congress may legislate. #SeparationOfPowers #AbuseOfPower 
Dustin Johnson and Sunday's just don't mesh well #PGAChampionship 
Gresh and Zo discussed the Celtics season opener loss to the Heat on Tuesday night.  Rajon 
Just read that the trial of Geroge Zimmerman in Trayvon case killing is set for June 10th!! Why so late??? 
"Since the crash happened in February, that means that they can't charge Caitlyn jenner with manslaughter if Bruce jenner commited the crash." 
"Israel razes West Bank home of Modi'in hammer terrorist: Last Tuesday, the 39-year-old hacked and wounded two ... 
@user @user do you think Chelsea deadline day bid was real or just spin by mufc to try and justify the fee? Think it may be latter 
@user I pray that one day you die in hell. Along side capitalist pigs like Kim Kardashian &amp; Justin Bieber. May Stalin smite you. 
Electorate persists in thinking innumerate George Osborne is economically astute just because he looks like an arse. 
haha Jeb Bush is such a bore the guy in the background of this vid could totally not give a shit about this dirtbag. 
It may be gloomy today but that doesn't stop National Hot Dog Day to be placed on hold! Stop by the Leasing Office to enjoy some franks! 
@user My old building was blown up by the IRA. On the 10th anniversary they called in a bomb in a bin outside. 
The thing about being older is that when I see people like Miley dressing the way she does, all I think is "Meh, Madonna did it 1st." 
fuck me I took so long to watch jurassic park and kept pausing it and then I sat on the remote and it changed channels and now its live tv 
@user It's against the Constitution to turn Christians into 2nd class citizens for disagreeing with homosexuality, like it or not" 
"""""@PaperChasinAL: Damn next Saturday tho"""" Niggas was trynna get shit over with #early" 
@user All Congress party members have stopped taking bath as it may mean they are support Modi's #SwachhhtaAbhiyaan 
it's fucking july 53 and still no frank ocean album 
"I sat down two men today and all they could talk about was how nasty Caitlyn Jenner, i found their sexuality even more disgusting than hers" 
"Still fuming at Everton shambles, at least the England Cricket team should cheer me up today #kenwrightout" 
Impulsively bought Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City. Probably won't play it till tomorrow though. Have so much editing to do with 06. 
"Women don't let men enjoy anything. You're complaining about 1 month of Star Wars? Bitch, I sat through 2 years of Twilight." 
@user @user @user Donny's team is ass too, 3rd worst in the league" 
After attempting a reinstall, it still bricks, says, "Windows cannot finish installing," or somesuch. @user may have cost me $600. 
I keep thinking its gonna be a green day tomorrow but then i remember that it will be a white day so i cry 
Ate McDonald’s and feel guilty so I’m goin to 24 for an hour or 2, then to AZ tomorrow, go and try and make my life better 
@user Except for the part where because of lack of depth we also had to play Gerrard, Suarez for a bunch, which may screw us.... 
"OMIGOD! You are sooo good at stupid. So if I didn't call you, you'd have sat there on your high power train n watch me wait?" 
@user if you’re tryna go north on Iowa there’s a bad accident down by 6th street... 
"Mr President To Defeat Boko Haram In 3 Months is too long, at least 1 months because pple's are suffering,pple's are die.May ALLAH Help you" 
National Margarita Day please tell me this is bullshit - prove it for yourself Ash Wednesday Lent Flamengo X Vasco 
Can’t believe Parks isn’t on tomorrow because of the Voice. Newsflash NBC: New Yorkers actually don’t care that they missed the Voice. 
@user why would I steal Mejibray and Kiryu stuff? I don't listen to them ~ but I may mess with the shipping so it will arrive late hahaha 
Sarah Palin may be batshit crazy but I'd love to have a threesome with her &amp; Nikki Haley. #milf #cougar_town #LegsDay 
Is it the same David Cameron posing before TV Cameras on Thursday posing fabricated words of compassion who also preaches race intolerance? 
So John Kerry said this today and Saturday I asked why no outrage over the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attack: they deserved it? 
"Badly judged joke from Herring. Joke may not """"be about rape"""" but reference to Rohypnol always evocative of such, no matter the intent." 
@user waheed proposed mdp to join the  gov prior CoNI’s verdict. 7 feb controversial power transfer refrained mdp joining the govt. 
Listening to Amy and Lucien's attempts at 'communication' on last night's Big Brother ... I fear for the future of mankind sometimes. 
Let one more parliament day go waste but @user should corner Rahul Gandhi on thursday #RahulInsultsDalit 
"Sadly, the Vokle live webcasting site isn't functioning reliably. I'll video tape Wednesday's Runnin' Nekkid... 
"It should put her in federal prison for life, but she likely will escape to her friends in Saudi Arabia. 
Niall faced serious bullying problems as a kid. He got suspended in the 3rd grade for swinging when somebody called him ugly 
"Uhg, my procedure isn't even until tomorrow, and the clinic is already screwing up. Good signs, definitely good  
@user Yeah that’ll be enough for him now. That was devastating. I think Price would be Vitali Klitschko tomorrow if he had the chance 
@user I hear that Hillary's Authenticity Czar is going on the Sunday shows. 
@user No I want my Raspberry Pi which I ordered from you in July... 19 weeks dispatch time is ridiculous! 
@user JELLY. Mine won't be here until Friday because Amazon are tight with shipping dates :(. 
@user @user @user @user @user sorry I cant go to Digi tomorrow, I really want to.. ill never meet you all 
@user According to reporters on the scene, Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. Sry bro" 
I want to go see LA AROLLADORA BANDA EL LIMON on Sunday October 14 in Pico Rivera! But Ivan doesn’t wanna go :( who will go with me? Tix $35 
This Amazon Prime Day thing is just like Black Friday, if you ignore the part where Amazon didn't put anything you want to buy on sale. 
"Evil, like the rolling stone upon a mountain-top, a child may first impel, a giant cannot stop. ~ Richard C. Trench" 
Damn I have to wait til’ tomorrow before I know if I can go to Oslo with my sis. Damn. I’m not good at waiting 
"In Israel, the violence may seem endless, but the hope never fades 
Baby Boom should be about launching bastard kids born into welfare lives into the fucking sun like Superman did with nukes in Superman IV. 
@user don't make me come back up there now with me heater ass and Kim Kardashian your ass into next Black Friday. Slut 
I'm not sure Obama's Cairo speech has enough staying power to overcome siding with Iran in regionwide sectarian war. 
i out of 11 breakpts converted-not nearly good enough by Federer at #USOpen2015 . C'mon, Deliciano, you can beat Novak- Believe ! 
"So whats good Miley? @user ...lol Nicki with that fuck shit,we may as well make a song about it. Hit me up. I ghost write like Quentin" 
So it turns out Amazon Prime Day *did* turn out a lot like Black Friday--overhyped and not worth the time. #BitterOldManTweet 
#StarWars #TheForceAwakens is opening at 500 less cinemas in the US than the 3rd Twilight movie - What?? 
@user I din't take Nutella. Took Galaxy instead, but it's over. No man, NIT is fun. Coming in December :)" 
22 Dec 1987- UDA leader John McMichael was killed by an up and under bomb placed on his car by the IRA in Lisburn 
If anyone else seen it. I thought it was pretty stupid when Doug Baldwin was yelling at Russell Wilson during the game this Sunday. 
The continued attacks on the 2nd Amendment will continue if America is foolish enough to ever elect Joe Biden for POTUS (Obama's 3rd term). 
Sam Loco Efe (Nigeria Nollyhood star) is dead.  We are still mourning Christy Essien now it is Sam Loco's turn. May his soul RIP. #jhub 
The relationship between Real Madrid and Man United has been ruined after the David De Gea transfer breakdown last Monday. [marca] 
Google+ is still spamming me. One wonders when they may concede defeat and pull the plug. 
#Watetezi (Aug 31) Nairobi - Gay son endures year of physical and mental abuse from parents who discovered he is gay. 
@user @user I think the big danger could come from Barca. He may not want to play for Real after playing for Atletico. 
i'm going to jason aldean thurs... i hate country music... 
@user happened a few minutes ago.. I believe the bus route was 49... If he went into other Kane's he may have hit firefighters 
@user @user Dear David, I hope Erdogan's mentors won't translate into the Turkish ,otherwise he may use it against Egpytian leader :) 
@user George Osborne must be p***ing himself. Talk about unintended consequences. PMQs will be interesting on Wednesday 
"Also, I see Dustin Johnson is leading after the 1st round of a major again. So he's gonna choke on the weekend again? #boring" 
@user don't make us fool Rahul Gandhi ,, may be it's great joke from Rahul" 
American Horror Story marathon because I'm going to fail my test tomorrow :) 
You all have nothing to do in Islam......may Allah (SWT) keep misguiding you inshallah. 
Ryan Braun hit his 23rd homerun of the season...but it's not legit. #PEDs 
"Acta on Choo getting thrown out at 2B with 1 out and down by 2 in 9th. """"You have give the tying run a chance to come to the plate.""""" 
briana is 12 months pregnant tell a friend the baby may be stuck gtg 
"Today may suck, but I did get the last glazed donut at Dunkin Donuts this morning." 
@user may not be my first choice for president, but I'm voting for him if he's nominated. At least he's better than Hillary 
@user @user I hear what your saying but if there was peace tomorrow the Muslims would still be killing the minority groups. 
@user because it's August 5th and someone threatened to kill harry today at MetLife 
"Mullah Omar inspired terrorists like Boko Haram who use girls as sex slaves. If hell exists, may he rot in it forever 
If anyone comes to school with the Galaxy Foams tomorrow , I’m mugging them . 
If you are a family member, friend, or fan of Austin Rivers you may want to unfollow me. This is about to get ugly. 
Kenyans r realy crazy. can we say that Ruto is the 6th prezo of the republic of kenya? 
But hey, if you're mad at Harper, go to the game tomorrow and tell him how you feel for all 9 innings 
"Why your hospital may be unable to stop spread the spread of Ebola, by Ray Kurzweil ttp://t.co/2LUAxlADpN" 
"Lmao. I feel like Kevin Hart *clappin hands* ...real talk, keep talkin shit & imma smack the shit out you! You ever go night night nigga?!" 
Whatcha gonna do, when Donald Trump comes to a city near you brother! He may not have all the answers, but in the past 8 yrs. has Mr. Obama? 
Seems my new iPod doesn’t like Kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time it’s got to syncing Empire. 10th time lucky... 
"half off apps doesn't quite measure up to B12 and Calle mon, but it'll do. @user @user @user @user 
I can't wait until August 23 so that I don't have to hear any more of the Zac Brown Band. 
"All those who petitioned for stopping Yakub's hanging , may hang themselves ...This would be the best  ""Shraddhanjali"" to him" 
@user nicki can't even get her 3rd album to go gold lmfao  Nicki copies off Kim's OLD shit, Kim was the first female with --" 
RT @user no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's Republicans 
Our 1st SEC contact about NYSE delay (7/2010) was none other than Mark Donohue. Same guy who botched early Madoff inquiry. 
I have a very STRONG dislike for George Zimmerman. I really do. Why isn’t he in jail! Can’t wait for him to be sentenced in June. 
"PODGODZ 165: Podgodz 165 Recorded 28 July 2015 I saw Ant-Man, I should not have. Midroll sells to, I want to s... 
@user What a giggle. When 3rd parties were DESPERATE to work with Nintendo. 
Having to work a Sunday but a Sunday of the Edinburgh Derby #grim 
@user gonna be really sad if I wake up tomorrow morning and Justin Bieber is not under the tree 
With Chelsea's poor start to the season it could be 3 points to the 'ammers on October 24th - and I'll be there to see it 
People talkin shit just wait I’ll be in Huntsville tomorrow !! Let me see you !! 
Maybe I should correct Trump on this 150 billion gift to Iran. But he may yell at me and I may get grief from neocons too-MSM thinking 
"Christmas may be over, but the Tony Bennett &amp; Lady Gaga commercial still has me too scared to go to Barnes and Noble. #SomeoneHadToSayIt!" 
You know what sucks about Battleground this Sunday? Dean Ambrose is not booked!! 
@user I think we all knew it would come to this. We sat through 4 yrs of watching a hatred for the POTUS build up. And here we are 
@user In other related news, you know there’s no Parks tomorrow? 
To play Temple Run, To watch HIMYM Season 8, orrrrr...to sleep in readiness for tomorrow’s morning interview - decisions are hard to make!:( 
Janet Jackson is coming on September 18th I will give someone $50 to shoot her in the fucking face 
@user rubbish those who kill innocent are going hell simple. 2nd highest population of Jews in ME live in Iran after isreal 
"SOPA Is Back!  As a Ransomware Virus: ""After historic Internet protests in January the SOPA anti-piracy... #infosec" 
Sarah Palin's brain aged like a tub of sour cream left in the sun. 
@user may choose not to worn a skull cap, but he would serve Islam if he engages Sufi leaders to check Wahabism in India @user 
Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance was a lost cause. You had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. And then you decided to dig a hole... 
@user - All about opinions but Osman only played 45 mins on Wed too. Coleman not as good defensively as Hib or Nev. 
BREAKING NEWS: #Arrow will not be seen tonight in Illinois or Indiana due to the Chicago Bulls opening game. It will air on Saturday. :( 
"I may never read ""Watchman"" after this review. What would be the point? 
@user never listened to the 1st. hard to ignore the 2nd working at HMV! but like most things, just got overplayed. agree on the 3rd." 
@user @user please stop walking and work !! You have more than one month of late --" The update was annonced the 29 of july, IOS wait! 
"Tried Dunkin's Oreo iced coffee &amp; it's not as good as it *could* be. Then again, I may have too high of hopes for cookie-flavored coffee." 
"Watching 50 Shades of Grey for the 1st time... it's SO bad. Like ""Twilight,"" if Edward were a shitty Dom and Bella was... well, still vapid." 
Finally saw the Galaxy Foams in person on saturday... Let’s just say <<<<<< SMMFH Ugly ass shoes! 
@user and I’ll pull out the Kentucky Derby  picture from 9th grade. #blackmail 
Announcer said Mine Stoops chagrined at 3rd down issues? How about pissed? OU dodged another one on Texas bad snap. 
day 3: still got no power and takin like the 3rd cold as shower fml. fxckin freezing. reminds of peru lmao # 
Come scoop meRT @user I gotta go shopping tomorrow! I keep putin it off. Ima fuck around &amp; ain’t gone have shit to wear to Gotti 
I dont understand the obsession with Sharknado.... watched the first two and they sucked. Im sure the 3rd one is just as bad. 
Prosecutors began reviewing evidence on Tuesday in the fatal crash involving Caitlyn Jenner: 
@user @user That’s like blaming Rafa for the season we finished 7th while ignoring the negative impact of Cecil and H&G! 
Tiff died and Ariel had a panic attack and Alonso went nuts and Mike sat there like a Barbie doll.. Katie talking about after prom 
crap i meant to let #oomf use my microsoft office thing for their computer today...well he'll get it one weekend when we both in town! 
@user @user Tweeted January at time of Charlie Hebdo - stupid then (&amp; now) but not tweeted tonight. 
Angela Merkel, explaining to a crying child that Germany might just deport her. 
There is a certain cult classic game, the 3rd in its series, that we have been waiting for in the US but Nintendo refuses to release it 
Emmanuel Adebayor has held heart-2-heart talks with Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas over his unhappiness at a lack of 1st-team football. 
"Saturday doesn't feel special compared to other week days, when Milan is not playing and the Brazilian league is finished." 
@user You guys realize that Summerslam is THIS Sunday, right?? Why does the card have only 4 matches right now?" 
Greentech Media When Donald Trump inevitably becomes president and turns the White House into a Mar-a-Lago... 
@user if i had the power, Israel would be gone tomorrow morning incha Allah" 
panthro has just informed me of jan hooks and elizabeth pena in one blow i am very sad  
I feel do bad.. My boo Asia bday event maybe cancelled for this Sunday!... I was soooo looking forward to it 
@user I am sat in my bathroom with a hot curling Iran pressed to my head waiting for a disaster to happen, so I totally get that" 
"There's nothing as 3rd day of Eid, relatives. Just don't. Just don't even think about coming to our house. GO EAT ELSEWHERE" 
National Ice Cream day on Sunday and now it's National Hot Dog Day? Is the calendar trying to kill me??? 
what did you want from these much Muslims while you can kill yourself oh enemy of Muslims! May Allah destroy you oh Yazidis Christians Jews! 
This guy that just sat behind me smells like body odor and curry... So i didn't have to turn around to see who it was. Obviously Joseph Kony 
About 50 persons were on Tuesday killed when a bomb allegedly planted by members of the Boko Haram sect exploded... 
@user some acc on twitter which is now suspended claimed tht he'll be killing harry on aug 5 at metlife 
I'm going to see how long I can go without getting caught for wearing Nike shorts tomorrow .. 
"#itweetFEEDS Poor girl. Katy Perry may be one of the world's top pop stars, but that doesn't ... #ff @user 
"Spare me the nuances, Yakub is certainly not innocent. Rarest of the rare case? May be! #YakubToHang" 
@user I may hate Naruto because it's terrible, but I am going to see Boruto." 
"People infected with HIV may have weight loss, fatigue, Counseling may be given before the test, after getting the resul..." 
Triple Traffic Threat: #dragoncon.  Thursday @user Falcons game, Georgia Tech game, and Joe Biden   on the downtown connector. 
@user is that what you want for the grandkids? #MAM march against Monsanto 
I don't agree with Germany bailing out Greece for the 3rd time.Angela Merkel is retarded and this New World Order is a senseless stupid idea 
@user you don't know ton like I do I suck his cock on a late Tuesday night with michelle Obama and Kenny's dad 
".@EZ_Krahlin you are a victim of the Khazarian Mafia's gay agenda (3rd line, 1st pic) #JaffeReport 
"New Daily reported on the 5th that Lee Soo Man's wife passed away, succumbed to an illness." 
Last week Brock Lesnar attacked a car with an axe. Tomorrow @user is going to attack a human with an axe... RIP Will Ospreay. 
Fan hit flush on the head by Harris English wayward drive on 1st. Lots of blood #hadtohurt #shoutfore #players 
"""""under the cherry moon, my niggas carry heat, enough to bury June"""" shaaaataaaaaaaaap" 
All these talkatives sef....  Shey you don clear your sef from the Boko Haram mess?  Aproko 
"Hear he halved oil price, brokered Iran deal, made the US fed raise rates &amp; diverted fuel tankers on the high seas 
"Sunday night wrap-up: Manning, Broncos roll Saints: His arm might not be full strength yet. And then he whacked ... 
"Saw a Real Madrid fan boast ""We made the top 3 in La Liga, United fought for 4th #LOL"" there's only 3 teams in La Liga fuck face." 
Oh goodie: that game no one liked about the blind girl hits PS4 tomorrow. 
If you want a good laugh..or just another confirmation that Kanye West may be the biggest idiot ..ever...or Both... 
We're playing Hull tomorrow and Arsenal haven't put a picture of the FA Cup on the programme cover. Chance missed. 
@user So the Same Technical Point was not seen When Modi was Opening his Big Mouth in Rallies ? Ahhhh may be he seen names of his owner 
I will not be able to handle Harry’s voice in Kiss You..and I may not survive after hearing all the songs on Take Me Home in their entirety. 
FYI. Wednesday is going to suck on Caltrain, if you even plan on going to work that is. Parade. 
@user @user he tweeted that after the attack in Paris in January- the Charlie Hebdo thing 
Exact moment things went wrong in Iran leading directly to where we are today. Kills me every time I read about it  
Netanyahu’s new alliance with Lieberman may  not mean an automatic win in the election. 
Wait. People claim Hillary is showing her humanity because she chokes up talking about her dead mother? That may be the lowest bar ever. 
The dude with the Bentley but still does alternate side parking on 2nd Street 
"Up to 1000 soldiers sealed off the Andersonstown area, Belfast and searched for IRA suspects and weapons;4 Nov 1971 
Just to see a bitch that looks like Jay-Z? Got me fucked up on the 7th level of hell. 
Shock of shocks, the posts about Bobby Jindal's birthright citizenship/"anchor baby" status are bullshit (http://t.co/YFv7FEr9Z2) ... 
Why does tony blair get the right to be invited to remembrance sunday? 
Ryan’s going to Amsterdam tomorrow :( wahhh but who the fuck even goes there 
but my bday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in Natchitoches away from my family<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 
I just saw the 1st Swansea goal against Arsenal. Vermalen didn't even try and get back. Strip him of the armband. Disgrace. 
"Whoever brought about the 7th grade pop edition of Ed Sheeran ""photograph"".. #die" 
Shit’s going down this Sat. at Neighborhood Theatre #DROP!THARD 
@user the mere mention of Catholics makes my blood rise - and I was raised catholic. Rejected somewhere around 5th grade. 
Only my brother would lose his ipod the 2nd day he gets it #biggestretard 
Who all fuckin with twilight tonight ?? 
Dear Giant fans please find another way to get to the parade on Wednesday. I do not want to see u on Caltrain! #2010memoriesofhell!! 
@user 1st change the face of America and eventually the Muslims will dominate. That's the strategy. 
Yes that's right @user close down your best channel why don't you? You're not meant to be Netflix or Amazon Prime. 
@user ..as the 1st November election nears Erdogan may dither &amp; push US to do this difficult task &amp; take the blame 
Intimate showcase with Chris Rene - November 7 in Auckland. Can't buy tickets to this. Click the link to enter... 
@user @user it's certainly tasteless and horrible, but this tweet is from Jan 7, right after Charlie Hebdo shooting" 
"Sherman Hemsley is on """"Soul Train"""" trying to dance and sing. He is terrible. I’m cracking up. May he R.I.P." 
@user all failures of US in the ME is bc security of Israel comes 1st and nobody even #Trump can not change this! 
It’s ridiculous how Sony actually still doesn’t know how much the tickets cost they go on sale tomorrow do you have a brain????? 
If it weren't for Christians, the Aztecs would never have stopped killing babies (like Planned Parenthood does.) 
Frank ocean is like Monday and the weeknd is like Friday nobody wants Monday's. @user 
.@tedcruz comes out swinging at Planned Parenthood re videos. Says on 1st day in office he wld instruct DOJ to investigate @user 
I am not in the right frame of mind to attempt to watch Sharknado 3 yet. I may need to start drinking. 
@user the panthers are advocating the killing of police, SCOTUS says that "true threats are outside the 1st Amendment so why aren't 
Jiujitsu test tomorrow... I think it might be the first time im nervous about... Anything in almost a year 
"#EvidentlyItsFrownedUpon to support Gay Marriage, Women's Choice, States Rights &amp; the 2nd Ammendment at the same time. Too much freedom?" 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh says Nigerians were being unfair with their criticism on the players after... 
The last episode of #Friends just showed tonight. Its leaving E4 for Comedy Central :'( Idk what will now cheer me up when Im down 
"I want to hear yakub dead, when I wake up tomorrow #HangYakub" 
"I thought UK gays were the reason we had to deal with Sam Smith in the first place, but most of you are shitting on him. Happy Tuesday!" 
Dustin Johnson just took an 8 on the 1st hole. I don't feel so bad about my golf game suddenly. #PGAChampionship #snowman 
"Sadly the fair at Splash Dance on Sunday has been cancelled due to flooding, but you can still get your fix of... 
@user May be you are unfit for Swachh Bharat 
@user In their recent pro gay marriage decision, SCOTUS has directly violated 9th and 10th amendments of the United States Constitution. 
@user get @user on february for valentine’s day, the suave fuckers 
"Every time I see a runner slide into 1st, I see Kenny Lofton laying on the ground, arm limp like a dead fish." 
Reports in Nigeria say as many as 60 people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by suspected Boko Haram. 
Why the retail industry may struggle to deliver this Christmas: Vehicle fleets under pressure: 
"Lightweight angry I didn't get a Hot Dog for National Hot Dog Day, will have to make up for it tomorrow lol" 
@user for all of the moronic Pats tweets, calling Rex the best def HC in NFL is the worst of em. 3rd and 22 (among many examples)" 
@user people just laughed at me at WWA but i was going mental because i was like 3rd row and harry threw water on mE FUCK 
ART @user Do you think NYC should host the Marathon Sunday?..why would they when soooo many desperately need help,where is Respect 
Watching my favourite @user behind the scenes (for the 4th time) when Jennifer Hudson goes AWOL. ’Excuse me, what the hell is going on?!’ 
@user wrong. I think you’re Tom, I’m April. Obviously. Or you’re Jerry. 
I'm going to hang myself if Neil Young plays his dumb Monsanto protest album front to back tomorrow night. Sorry Neil. 
Billy the Kid - Billy Get Your Guns via @user better get it before SCOTUS redefines the 2nd amend 
"My first time hearing ""Black Friday"" was yesterday.. Kendrick and Cole both murdered it" 
If you think  the Browns should or will trade Manziel you're an idiot. Aaron Rodgers sat behind Favre for multiple years. 
El Classico on a Sunday Night isn’t perfect for the Monday Morning !! 
@user I recently got oddly misty-eyed over that night George Osborne sat in the wrong carriage 
#teens @user 1st company failed miserably. When Gates &amp; @user tried to sell the product it wouldn't work #nevergiveup @user 
Oh God can ABC be more obvious? They keep touting Taylor as 1st female to win EOTY 3x in commercials. Give it away much? Vomiting. 
Tony Blair saying the application of military force in #Syria will ameliorate the support for #Daesh at home. Nope~&gt;https://t.co/saAdyRIo5E 
@user yes. Brock Lesnar will appear tomorrow then he will be gone till before Royal Rumble 
"Israel’s red line on Iran: 240 kg [of 20% enriched uranium] // Number was put to Netanyahu and he """"did not contest it"""". 
Merril Hoge is stupid. I'm sick of hearing what Tebow can't do. He may not be a #1 right now but it took Aaron Rodgers 3 yrs to start 
@user today you try to destroy a Sir Mix-a-Lot hit - tomorrow Michael Jackson? WRITE YOUR OWN DAMN HOOKS! 
"Scott Walker thinks building a wall between the US &amp; anything is legitimate. His Wall dreams will cost taxpayers an arm, leg &amp; 1st born." 
@user @user corporations cite moral difference with birth control yet an individual stance on gay wed is discrimination 
I haven’t eaten chicken nuggets since I was like 6 or 7.. Who wants to get some McDonald’s with me tomorrow? 
"Why are sports news outlets tweeting about Sharknado? I mean, c'mon. Know it's the dog days, but crikes." 
Who are the dumb asses who decided to shutdown Main St on a Friday for a town of 50,000+ for a Strawberry Festival 
Looks like Rick Perry may be the first out in the #GOP race.  He's out of money already! 
Today is 9 months since the 26 March start of Saudi Arabia's US and UK-assisted war on Yemen. There is no end in sight. 
"Oy.  Don't expect to get a flag when you're playing like this in the 2nd half, okay Eddie Royal?" 
If you put the Samsung S-Pen Stylus in the Galaxy Note 5 the wrong way you may break the pen and possibly ... #FF 
The LAST thing we need is more corn and more Monsanto.  2nd last paragraph says it all.   "Monsanto is hot for corn" 
@user @user  Sarah Palin may be a stupid cow  -- but she is our stupid cow. We love her 
tomorrow i'm gonna lock myself in my room and not be on social media all day bc I don't want to see any posts about Ed Sheeran concert :((( 
No Snoop Dogg tomorrow,  out with illness. I was really looking forward to Snoop after classes tomorrow. It's how this day just went today.. 
My random rant of the night:Lady Gaga being considered a fashion icon!Who in their right mind considers that fashion?She dresses in trash. 
This is aimed @ David Cameron - fight me. Meet me behind the bike sheds tomorrow @ 3pm sharp. B there or b square 
"And even Rolling Stone is reporting on this crisis: ""America's vanishing bees may be the ""canary in the coal... 
@user I’ve never seen the movie precious so idc that much about her but this guy.. Friday Night lights and Grey’s double whammy! 
@user Hillary's aides say alot of things - except the one taking the 5th. #Hillary2016 
@user @user Oh no if we violate the Iran deal with visas they may give back our $150B and ask that sanctions be reinstated. 
Regime change vs stability is false choice. How about we stop supporting dictators + ugly regimes like Saudi Arabia in 1st place? #DemDebate 
Salman you may be a celebrity but that doesn't mean you have the licence to say Yakub is innocent.Just stick to acting. 
"When someone dies Muslims always say ""may he/she be put in Fridaus""  chances are 99% ppl aren't going there." 
because y’all have been complaing about him allll the dam time.. NOT LIKE ME SINCE I WAS IN 3RD GRADE PARKER HAS BEEN MY MAIN BABY <3 
Silent House may be one of the worst movies ever. 
John Kasich just acted like a human being.  This may be a huge mistake. #GOPDebate 
Talking about ACT’s && SAT’s, deciding where I want to go to college, applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out. 
All I want in life is to meet Niall tomorrow but I'm 10000% sure that won't happen 
"When Sunday Oliseh said there won't be a playing philosophy for the the Super Eagles, I feared.  My fears were on display yesterday." 
Happy Friday: A health worker who may have had contact with Ebola is on a frigging cruise ship 
I'll hate on Kendrick all fucking day but that Black Friday freestyle is fucking legendary 
Having to be at school at eight tomorrow is going to kick my ass. 
West should be ashamed of alliance with Erdogan who from July 24 is exterminating the Kurdish people! #Kurds #YPG 
Daylight savings time ends this weekend. And I don't know what this means for the timing on F1 on Sunday. 
@user @user Supporter of Israel who backed Israels assault on Gaza. Now has the nerve to say ""it may have been too much""" 
3rd one dropped by Afghans. This is not how you put pressure.  #indvafg #wt20 
Bryant exits game with apparent injury: Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant had to leave Sunday's game in the fifth... 
#days #days50 Wednesday  Theresa says Kate dresses like David Bowie. Kate says what models have been saying and it is not all good! 
Frank was the anchorman. I have already missed Frank Gifford for a long time. I feel more sorrow about it now.  
Dress up like Hulk Hogan on #WWERaw Monday and then security will usher you to a room and make you watch #TheMarine4. #WWE   Use your head. 
Took me ten clicks to figure out where to early vote in Colorado. That site doesn’t say what you need to bring. C’mon, @user 
@user I hope you get kidnapped tomorrow and shipped in a box to West Africa where you are taken by a bunch of Muslims and get Ebola 
So BCA doesn’t have school tomorrow....not sure how I feel about that... 
Them is fake fans lmfao. Real Frank ocean fans lowkwy ain't shit. Or that just may be me 
Dragon Ball Z tomorrow but I don't know if I want to wake up early to see it at 12 ... When I can see F4ntastic or Ant-Man at a later time 
And they are praying towards the sun as it sets while they are in Jerusalem! So technically incorrect! 
I really expected an Apple Watch to be a bit smarter than just telling me to stand up after I just sat down, only because it's 4:50pm. 
@user @user I have been to Qatar in June/July. Miserable is just an empty word that does not scratch. Hot No beer and Muslims. Fun eh? 
If I didn't yell at someone about Taylor Swift or Kesha then the entire day was a waste. Try to be better tomorrow. 
@user  To be fair the worst escapists, d 1st to cut &amp; run, have been Christians, closely followed by Sunnis. Alawis have escaped d least" 
"Okay so the White Sox suck, Rose and Kane may be sexual predators, and Cobb and Nelson are hurt before game one. Sports suck." 
I know I’m only on the 4th season of OTH, but I don’t understand why everyone loves Lucas Scott. He pisses me off. 
Murray is pissed here and in the march! Hope he pulls it off #USOpen 
Won't happen....progs and Muslims in Germany gave her a 3rd term because she caves in @user @user @user 
"out Castle sun. and staying there until Tues. Mother said """"It aint safe up dere in that New York wit Sandy all thru dere"""" Fvck you, Sandy." 
"I may be in the minority, but I think Kenny Lofton may have been wronged by The Hardline. Decide for yourself. 
@user @user @user @user SCOTUS violated the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution not allowing #KimDavis #1A right 
RT @user One thing i learned from living in detroit was when a nigga pull out a gun you get the fuck on. Crazy ass night already! 
I'm absolutely skint til payday next Friday. This all stems from being paid the day I went to Leeds festival. 
"Somewhere in Appleland, Steve Jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen. EAH!" 
Senegal are disqualified from the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations after a riot forced Saturday's game with Ivory Coast to be abandoned. 
Why are the Vikings ruining my Thursday nite?  They can lose a game any nite so don't F up my Big Brother nite. #BBwhereareyou 
Sorry for not replying much, working but most want Sagna LB or TV5 shifted but remember Kos and Jenk played 120 mins tues too. #toughcall 
"Can honestly care less about gay ass Northglenn, let alone the game tomorrow. It's the people I'm going for. #NorthglennSucksMassiveCock" 
when Katy Perry made #TGIF  i dont think she calculated my exam being on a Friday for 4 hours -_- 
So for whatever dish no longer get CBS. Which better be fixed by tomorrow. Bc Big Brother is on tomorrow &amp; I will not be happy if it's not. 
"David Cameron's former adviser charged with child sexual abuse"  #DougRichard #DavidCameron 
I don't know about you but I'd fuck Caitlyn Jenner till Sunday and back 
"Paps: this one if for the sun!! Briana: *stands behind Louis and poses*  So not set up, nope nope nope, not one bit" 
Tom Brady may have became the most hated person in the NFL over the last few months 
1st they're sour over Ayesha Curry's clothing preference. Now Kendrick is nominated for 11 Grammys. Ratchet Twitter is fleeing for the hills 
Still can't believe Ryan Braun and Jew Unit were able to beat the 1st test on technicality that his piss was mishandled! 
Brothers off to Ibiza tomorrow and he's currently in the kitchen listening to Fleetwood mac, fucking loser hahahah 
@user @user this isn't new. US military course taught officers 'Islam is the enemy' - 
BREAKING NEWS: Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charges in Fatal Car Accident.good he ain't above the law.make him pay. 
Faux FLOTUS Michelle Obama recently floated the Sheerly repugnant suggestion that she may run for POTUS. 
How did Sharknado get a 3rd film? How did Sharknado even get a film to begin with? Life doesn't make much sense. 
Niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight 
Ike Taylor is the worst starter in the NFL....He must work hard & finish 1st in all sprint drills...How is he still starting? 
@user If any good can come of this, it'll be George Osborne's remains being fished out of a canal in Manchester one Sunday morning." 
@user has to be more to Hillary but she comes across as a lying &amp; disingenuous doofus however those traits may be presidential... 
@user why doesnt Sony promote 1st party games? AC3 commercials are on tv all the time. And no one (cont) 
@user it's not Friday! And all of Marshall's talking when u can't beat out freshman team! They couldn't even score 
I don’t want to go to school on Monday . My excuse will be that HISD doesn’t have school lol ~ 
Why is holly trying to guilt me into going to digi tomorrow night 
7,000 seats for an Apple product announcement? iPhone is just upgrade. Apple/Siri TV may be big. I wonder who's playing? TayTay? Billy J.? 
Juan  Just heard Green Day's 'Time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. I miss everyone...  Kellogg 
@user @user @user Bitch please!!! Who’d you call a joke? I bet the only gun you ever held was Netanyahu’s 11th thumb 
Carly Fiorina should probably learn what 'organ harvesting' actually is if she's going to use the term on the Sunday morning talk shows. 
i hope the management understand we need some quality players come to Milan not only @user :) 
Brilliant Burns stops Mitchell in 4th: Kevin Mitchell's bid to win the WBO lightweight title ended in failure on... 
DeSean Jackson suppose to be at Training Camp on Monday...hope the Eagles lock him up and extend Mike Vick... 
@user also i hate this themed PPV’s what if i want to see an Elimination Chamber in july? I gotta wait six months? 
Celebrity Big Brother reminds me of that Simpsons halloween episode when all those awful celebrities are on a plane to the sun. 
Jose Iglesias is in the #PawSox lineup tonight for the first time since sliding into the catcher on Sunday. He missed three games. 
"Shatrughan Sinha &amp; Rahul Gandhi are DONS TO DUST, both sailing in the same BOAT without an OAR FINDS NO SHORES. Both r d Setting SUN." 
Just shut-up already... ur just talking to make news tomorrow...what a fool!!!! Kanye West... #bro #VMAs2015 
I saw something hideous &amp; disgusting on the road side. Broken &amp; long dead. It not sure, but it may have been Bobby Jindal's last scruple. 
Guys i just want to go to Justin Biebers concert on November 4th why is @user doing this to me 
A month later and the library finally calls saying Paper Towns is in but still no sign of 1 of the 50 copies of the 3rd Harry Potter book 
@user Sadly for him (&amp; probably the Party) the Mili-brand has been seriously devalued. Even Big Brother's return may not 'relaunch' it 
Tell me if 14th can be used for Gay marriage then why wasn't it used for @user @user @user @user @user 
Michael  Just heard Green Day's 'Time of our life' for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears. I miss...  Penderg 
@user @user @user @user sorry her shenanigans eclipse any real talent she may have..at least Madonna was strategic w/shenanigans 
So sad I can't be at Star Wars Weekends today. But alas I'm going tomorrow. 
why is nero so ridiculously gay for dante the world may never know 
New election laws crreated by cpc makes it difficult to vote against Harper Even w/ 70% of voters against Harper, he may still win #fixed 
Omg people, we may not like Hillary, but wtf, leave the kid out of it 
@user Could be similar to DRose as the 8 seed his 2nd year in. Don't know if the Cavs can make a jump like the Bulls to 1, but still" 
@user Pulis sold 4000 fans short in Valencia by letting them pay good money, talking up the Europa League, then picking a 2nd team!" 
I mean, the rumor is that Joe Biden may run. Joe Biden. 
"On #AFHV, ABC Sunday at 7pm - animals on the attack, weddings gone wrong, &amp; a girl's hair gets caught in an electric mixer." 
@user R. I.P, I hope it is not this Boko Haram palaver that causes his death? May God destroy all these Boko Haram people in Nig." 
Why did you make weak statements about govt persecution of Kim Davis? S Court ILLEGALLY ruled on gay marriage Trump! 
@user @user 2nd best in luck draft? Rg3 if u are talking as prospects and Russell Wilson if u talking about pro careers. Lame 
Bitch... you sayen space just a sunday cruise away... some dumb sheet, this why Donald Trump gunna be president... 
hmmm the pope may have pushed it too far this time........... 
"RT @user School on Monday is just gonna be a great time 
2nd night Parker has been on it ..boy oh boy 
Hear the real thing abt Congress frm CM of Karnataka! Siddu the 2nd Rahul Gandhi in line..O God save us from these 2 
I went on google & saw ’Special signing w/ Romeo Santos in Boston MA’ When i clicked it it said (Nov 16 2011) -.- got me hype for no reason 
@user  Nobody knows if DRose will have the same game ever again when he does return.  March seems awfully optimistic to me... 
@user @user Besides I don't believe that SCOTUS has the power to overturn state marriage laws per the 10th amendment 
The Gov Lied to us about protecting Bees only to license their extinction, Monsanto supplying the insectiside 
Praveen Togadia is proving his inability to procreate now by calling for criminal action against Muslims.If you use Viagra it may work. 
To Erdogan, the prospect of an independent Kurdish state is more frightening than rampaging Islamists. #pkk #ISIS 
I mean of course like millions of Lovatics will vote for Jillian. She may not know it but she's basically sucking up. 
"for the first time in my adult lifetime I'm really proud of my country"- MOST UN-AMERICAN STATEMENT BY DISGRACED 1ST LADY MICHELLE OBAMA 
did all my homework that’s due in for later this week instead of the homework that’s due for monday and tuesday, twat 
Hey guys. I got home from holiday in Ballina and realised my webcam sucks so Minecraft will be out maybe tomorrow or the next day. 
@user BBC must be disappointed about ""Bloody Sunday""!! It was years ago, when are you going to get IRA in Court? Leave our troops alone!" 
"Nurgh, there's a stack of new MTA's that need to be dealt with but I just can't be dealing with the crappy new URL thing today D:" 
@user  Q: What's the difference between Sarah Palin and Donald Trump? A: Lipstick  You may be too young to get that 
"Only PTI has vision/foresight for climate related projects, but corrupt media rather talk about IK's Eid with wife.  
Can we just really piss Madrid off and sell De Gea to Barca in January 
"Like Frenchies, the only way George Osborne and May can beat @user is by cheating &amp; backstabbing.  #samething @user 
Sometimes I wonder how Kendrick Lamar doesn't suffer from 3rd degree burns in his mouth with how he's always spitting fire #BlackFriday 
Police arrests Boko Haram commander linked with suicide attacks: Nigeria's secret police said Sunday it had ar... 
The Jennifer Lawrence naked photo response is the end of the 'shamed starlet' #feminism 
Yakub meman    Going to hang the credibility of Indian judiciary tomorrow. Rules for mercy and humqnity not for rope. 
So I have a red eye flight home from CA Sat. night at 1AM PST w/ layover in Dallas on CST along  with the clocks being pushed back an hour. 
I have not seen a good 3rd quarter from the Sacramento Kings in forever. 
"And then, Warners has Hobbit &amp; Gatsby n December. So the schedule is so dense that there's really no slot left to move Gangster Squad later" 
"I can't even watch any ""news"" now, even if I wanted to,Muslims fill the screen. Watching the 3rd world march all over Europe leaves me cold" 
West Indies pull out from the India tour after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their Board. 
@user @user @user How on earth did you make that leap? The IRA lie about Corbyn hasbeen debunked 
Distin’s derby disappointment: Sylvain Distin has voiced his frustration at taking just a point from Sunday’s Mersey... 
"On another note, I don't like the DST makes me feel like more of an alcoholic. Once the sun sets, it's okay to drink! Even if it's 4pm..." 
"Will Fuller said it got """"annoying"""" after Brian Kelly played the Florida State fight song during practice on Wednesday." 
There are no suspects yet in the arson fire at the Planned Parenthood building in Pullman. It was ruled arson after an investigation Friday. 
@user may God bless you in your fight against Planned Parenthood! Shutting down government would make sure women never get healthcare 
God save them as Rahul Gandhi going to announce private sector reservation very soon.  
"Kendrick the GOAT twitter ""All females hoes"" twitter  
"Deadpool game coming to PS4 and Xbox One in Nov! WTF? Probably has zero work done to it, just like Activision's last 'Remaster', Prototype." 
@user @user its considered late as the stores have been selling XMas stuff since July. No love for Halloween and Thanksgiving. 
@user C’mon man! Honey badger just don’t give a shit! 
#NEW #SHIT 10 Things to Know for Friday: The U.S. Postal Service, on the brink of default on a second... #NEW #SWAG 
Hulk Hogan won't have a good day tomorrow when he realises everyone has been treating him like a world class cunt 
Hillary can take her phony apology and shove it where the sun doesn't shine. She is only sorry she was caught it's all about power. 
"All the GOP candatidates are eligable for prison. 1 dropped out, Chris will when he goes 2 prison.Scott Walker gone. 
"you may not be allowed to speak to justin bieber, unless you are spoken to that's so fucked up what a waste of $$$ 
When will Rahul Gandhi stop referring to himself in 3rd person? It was creepy when he was doing so while addressing the #ShakurBasti people 
"Oh no I have to do a 10-slide presentation on why I love Brixton by tomorrow morning and I got NOTHING oh wait... :-) @user 
Tomorrow is going to be a peasant-fest. Nicholas Witchell is going to be swanning about the BBC like a Jim fucking White. Boak. 
@user The may have the best defense..but they still lost to the Packers 
@user Is this why you took money from Saudi Arabia and other Muslim countries that treat women like 3rd class citizens? 
Worst away day sat in a home end V Bolton 0-0 87 mins gone Berba scores I Jump up #awkward   #awaydays 
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said Thursday that his chief opponent, front-runner Donald Trump, is "trying to insult his way" to the White 
While we're on the topic.... J. Cole &gt; Kendrick   As far as Black Friday is concerned... Go debate ya fat aunt who only wears elastic pants 
"So,they are saying that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with Manslaughter. Can't she say that ""Bruce"" was driving, not her? #CaitlynJenner" 
"Unfortunately, negative. ""Go time"" is the opener at Prince George, 9/25. 
A 5th grader just told me she got ISS today when I asked her why he told me that she told her teacher that she had a big butt... 
Why do you spread lies? Zayn still has his IG 
"The only dirty bombs on Sunday will be the ones launched by Mark """"Dirty"""" Sanchez and the Jets as they pummel Romo's Homos #terror #nyj #wtc" 
Hard to believe this is from January - Charlie Hebdo attacks prove critics were right about Islam via tennessean 
Still waiting for someone, ANYONE, to show me where Fluke asked the gov to pay for her anything. ::taps foot, checks watch::  C’mon... 
Renewed fighting rocks Syria - An early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of Deir Ezzor on Saturday in an... 
I'm going to ihop tomorrow idc Denny's is nasty lol 
Just to be sure. Tomorrow is America Day, right? Because I don’t wanna be the redneck in a sea of gods 
@user @user Negative! 90’s would be the Poetic Justice look or how they dressed in Friday. 
"#Obama wants visa waivers for travelers from Iran?  Sure, heaven forbid we disrupt the travel plans of terrorists. 
#HeadiesAll of you famzing live at the #Headies and dnt knw where Eko Hotel n suite dey..May ur twitter connection be bad.#GodPunishU 
"When th 1st war began,my older sister was @ school,israel bombed an area close 2 the school.We were wondering if she's still alive27-12#Gaza" 
The MP leaders should be arrange a march to congress office if they didn't take any action against Rahul Gandhi about his dual citizenship 
#KimDavis appealed Bunnings original order and both the 6th circuit and SCOTUS denied the appeals  Why does she think it'll change now? 
"Christians and their ""the evil 3rd eye"" smh brah read ya bible!!" 
They have google+ why would they want this shit show. 
@user Yakub arranged funds for the blast,dats an equal crime. Ppl who loose their luvd ones knw d pain nd who dnt may god giv dem 1." 
David Price does not look happy getting sent off. He's allowed a hit each inning and left the game with the tying run at 2nd. 
#holidayfails At my 8th birthday I got a new Nokia phone from my parents and I broke it the same day @user 
"Funny Hindu politicians talk abt India may become world Guru by colonial stature &amp; bitchy fights with Muslims, killing &amp; repressing kisans!!" 
I knew Amazon Prime Day was destined to fail when I saw it was held on the 15th. 15 is composite not prime... #PrimeDayFail 
In tears after watching that Dance Academy episode for the 2nd time 
"Quote-We must fight the evil trio of America, Israel&amp;India.Suicide missions are in accordance with Islam. email Published 23 August 2010" 
Once upon a time I smashed my face into my keyboard and accidentally wrote the 5th Twilight book. 
Erdogan allowed ISIS to build a network of safe houses in Turkey. He now may reap the reward. 
i'm still sad that shawn is coming tomorrow and im not going ): 
Um Who letting off Fireworks outside..it aint no where near November and it's not a Katy Perry music video 
@user rather than "be strong so we can lift others up" the Obama doctrine seems to be "make USA unsecured &amp; chaotic as 3rd World." 
nothing like a little Lady Gaga on a Saturday night... only it's Friday night - my drunk mother 
"The real enemy we are facing: Back in January, the attacks in Paris at the Charlie Hebdo magazine and in a Jew... 
"Friday’s CNET Update is playing One Republic : Apple CEO says sorry for iOS 6 map mess Apple CEO Tim Cook has said he was """"extremely sorr" 
I swear watching that interview just made me wanna throw Sarah Palin and Trump in a rocket to the sun 
"Did the Red Sox get bambino cursed heading into the 10th or what? Ball off glove, balk, wild pitch! #StillDontGetBalks" 
"Toews backing Kane &amp; Voynov arrested by Immigration in US. Oh, tomorrow is going to be an icky NHL news/comment day." 
Just 24 hours to go to Chelsea's match tomorrow. About fucking time I'd say. International football is a pain. Ban it I 'd say. KTBFFH 
Heat vs Knicks next wednesday #Damn thats too far away why not play again tomorrow and just get it over with #ComeOnMan 
@user Yeah, but one of them is an old lady who looks like a Jim Henson creature left out in the Sun. 
how is it August 9th and Frank Ocean still hasn't dropped his album 
St David please just cancel school tomorrow. I really don’t feel like dying in a hurricane... 
Changed my field hockey number from 5 to 4 bc Zayn left but if the unthinkable happens this March I guess I'm gonna be number 0 
No Nigerian Male artist can feature Sam Smith because they are afraid he may ask them for sex before the recording 
Still bitter about not getting to go to Disneyland this Thursday like wtf you don't tease that kind of stuff 
@user cannot afford to go like @user in the 4th. Carter IV has to be great, anything less its a failure" 
After tonight, ain’t no way I’m NOT going to Olive Garden tomorrow. @user #NastyAssMeal 
@user What the what is this Admin. so fearful of Iran in 1st place the deal stunk. 
Missing Saturday morning #epl fever. Gonna miss it for another year at least! I blame the board, Roger Johnson and the hapless defence #wwfc 
"Advertising is getting so aggressive, just saw a billboard asking """"will you get HIV today? will you get HIV tonight? How about tomorrow?""""" 
Last night I unfollowed anyone hating on Kanye or Nicki you may remove yourself from my life goodbye 
If Steve or Johnny Mac get evicted I may be done with this season of Big Brother. I can't stand James or Vanessa either. #BigBrother17 
On Remembrance Sunday my primary thought is of this very day in 1987-when the IRA tried 2 murder members of my family for daring to remember 
Got money on the line and I love USC but I’m going for Org sat cz pac12 need someone to be in the BCS game and USC got no chance 
ok but louis hasnt been seen with briana since like what march ???? he is never with her and he looks so uncomfortable when interviewers+ 
@user Which may people think it is a bad game and that the major issue of Dark Souls games 
"In the Ultimate Trap Game, Brian Kelly DID NOT get ND ready. Down 14-0 in 1st! Season on the line here. A loss and no 4 game playoff!" 
@user @user all I think about w. Cate Blanchett is her odd accent in How To Train Your Dragon 2. Films may be wasted on me 
I would rather eat my left foot then to be taking the SATs tomorrow 
"The WWE may have fired Hulk Hogan, but it's still racist as hell via @user 
The 4th album is on it’s way and we didn’t even get a tour for Unbroken... :( #AustraliaWantsDemi - Starting to think @user isn’t coming 
"Circoloco what a send off for the summer! Back to pompey tomorrow, don't know how im feeling about it.. #shortstraw #singlebed #dropmeout" 
Kenya Powerites, may all thy respective spouses cheat on thee for denying me a rerun of the El Classico. 
"*spews out of bed like Chuck Norris in a sequined tux, making a series of ass-related typos during the marriage proposal that is Tuesday*" 
.   DMDK party led by actor Vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of Jayalalithaa.   
@user The jersey stripes don't line up in both photos, and the 2nd one is a ripoff from Milan's 2013/14. 
And just when I had a few nice things to say about Google+ in my 2nd edition, I've gotta omit it entirely. Much like Google's doing. 
I wrote this about the 'SAS response' after the Charlie Hebdo murders in January.  I suspect it's still true: 
What works for Kim Kardashian may not work the same way for you girls! #Facts 
"You know that tomorrow, with all his ties to radical Islam, that Corbyn will suggest all women wear the burka. You know, just to limit abuse" 
@user  just found out that both Glen Beck &amp; Chuck Norris were here for the march....clear sign that this march shouldn't be taken serious 
@user CNN has a definite bias, they aren't reporting Carly Fiorina moving into 3rd place in IOWA on CNNPOLITICS, something going on?" 
@user @user @user "and destroy Jeb Bush while I'm at it!" Though these same priorities may be reversed for all I know. 
Kris Bryant said last Wednesday was the hottest game he's ever played in. How bad is it there today? 
"Anup Surendranath quieted Supreme Court job after Yakub's death, he may Quit India after Daud is Hanged by Supreme Court of India" 
Hey @user the Pope missed your communique on just looking after the Christians.  
@user By religion you are Muslim and that is why you may have pain for Yakub but he was involved in the killing of 257 people.. 
"Lost boy, disconnected, never be, Independence Day, tomorrow never dies, heartache , if you don't know, superhero, wherever you are" 
((but guys Kony is dead apparently he died in June or July he's been dead for a while now tbh am I the only person who knew oops)) 
Is Kanye West really going to run for president? I'm afraid #idiocracy may become a reality sooner than we'd hoped... 
Scott Walker may be nuts but under the right circumstances?  I'm just saying don't over-think this. #SOUNDINGOFF 
"#IMF: Iran's economy faces serious risks, I am afraid the downside. Iran #GDP may be withdrawn after the (cont) 
Never knew Moebius though. Looked like a cool artist! Why do all the great artist always die in March?! 
Should’nt have watched The Grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the  sun decides to play hookie is not a good time. 
Kim Kardashian's body. I would break things and push people with my huge ass butt. 
Michael Jackson, if he only believed his own words, he may not of transformed himself into the ghoul 
"I don't like this ""anime camera"" though (I first saw it in the Naruto fighter) feels like it discourages local play for 2nd player" 
That will piss Lackey off....just ask the Red Sox clubhouse attendant who put away the chicken and beer after the 6th inning. 
Edinburgh derby today on 'sell out Saturday' and the Stadium isn't even half full! There's only one proper derby in the UK! #weartynederby 
Fucking November 7! Tickets on sale for both 5SOS and The Vamps that day. Making me feel so really broke! 
I didn't exactly want to spend my Tuesday morning memorizing the geographical features in Saudi Arabia.. But okay 
Even the security forces do not want this war on KURDS. Erdogan is a brutal dictator in the making.  
now that I can finally sleep.... can't wait to work for another like... 8 hours or so tomorrow.. and a doctor appt... yay...." 
Schedule:  Tomorrow:  Relax Next day:  0.12.1 on IOS (also 1st day of school) Next day:  Die. 
"So you want me to re-watch PLL Halloween eps when the sun goes down, mom? You must be kidding me. I'll scream """"NO!"""" even loud." 
I’m going and actually meeting Channing Tatum tomorrow. It’s all set up. Suck my dick twitter! 
"In 4th Form our English teacher made us study Kane and Abel by Jeffrey Archer. Scarred for life. From the shitty writing, not the sex scenes" 
And I just can't wait for these fat old white Christians to talk bad about Muslims this September 11th. Every year. They don't stop. 
So Briana is allowed to smoke but not allowed to take photos by fans because it may affect the baby oKAY THEN. 
Only just realizing it's fucking Tuesday. Labor Day, you have messed up my streaming schedule! &gt;:O 
Brian Cushing may want to retire after missing that tackle. 
"RT @user @user  Conrad Murray claims"" MJ was unable to ""sleep"" the entire morning yet Murray was on his phone all AM--does  ..." 
Can someone send me the GIF of April from BB6 calling all Big Brother fans pieces of shit?? 
You cannot run a modern sophisticated economy the way you run a tuck shop at Eton Jimmy McGovern in @user (http://t.co/1tdxAQNr) 
So now it seems Daav(Conspiracy) of Yadav have back fired...and if true/proved may create troubles for Akhilesh Yadav and Samajwadi Party... 
Danny Grainger is OUT of the Edinburgh Derby on Sunday 
Im on that zan with that lean and nun but Irene today at band camp jus to laugh at these poo ass freshman snare drummers 
.@marcorubio on Planned Parenthood videos: "It's grotesque, it's barbaric, and there's more to come." via @user 
Whoa. Bobby Jindal. Get a new speech dude. That was word-for-word the same as the one this past Monday. @user @user #GOPDebate 
@user @user It may surprise you, but more Palestinians have died at the hands of Hamas, than from any response from Israel!" 
@user Almighty May, tell me what are my options to show Kiryu my tattoo except for cutting off my arm and throw it on stage 8D" 
So the Sims 4 seems borked, Destiny won't download and I am at the bottom of a REALLY BORING shaft in Batman. Fuck you, Tuesday. Fuck. You. 
Marco Rubio &amp; Bobby Jindal, both born to NON-citizen parents call for revising the 14th amnd. Republicans' brain is a nanometrology wonder. 
Bautista: We've got David Price going tomorrow. I don't think they feel good right now going home. (2 of 2) 
Mani Shankar Aiyar is a dolt. But this video about the hijaab is from January after the Charlie Hebdo attack. At least check and then tweet. 
@user double lock the doors tonight. Mrs Bob's unconscious self may go wandering, Nekkid & angry. Not sure Brownhills is ready." 
The wisdom of not running phony Republicans tonight is this: All six Dems are now winners. All six Repubs are losers-to-be. #WIrecall #p2 
Annoyed sister still owes me money and shes going to Disneyland tomorrow wtf 
So apparently a girl hooked up with Niall and he gave her 7th row tickets smh what a cheap bitch where those front row tickets @ 
"Tough loss, needed to get the series tied before Bumgarner tomorrow. Oh well, we beat Kershaw twice and we weren't supposed to do that..." 
Jay-Z make time for Bey.. The President make time for the 1st lady. So where are you so busy at again? 
@user @user @user talking of Muslims..now even Allah thinks you're evil 
Victims are late.. with Mukul Rohtagi there is no chance that Yakub will be Hanged on 31st.. 
"They really just used a Rousey analogy for OSU? C'mon, man." 
@user Harsh anti-Semitic hate speech unwarranted on Iran.80 synagogues happy with Muslims. Iraq &amp; Iran same 1st/ Biblical lands. 
may i just state the irony of Caitlyn Jenner being charged with manslaughter charges? 
@user Sorry am rubbish at posting links. Google 'Spike's disease' +border terrier and it will come up. Ours 1st signs were at around 1. 
@user The sun is just waiting for its agent to call to see if it can get the job as the glint in Justin Biebers eye. Sun gets saad. 
Half of the 2nd verse in Ed Sheeran's Photograph completely removed in Bruneian radio. I can't even think of a reason why they did so. 
Interview tomorrow at Dunkin donuts lol really not where I wanted my first job to be but fuck it I need money 
Ex-soldier arrested over Bloody Sunday. Sure he will get a letter of immunity like the IRA killers from same era...... not 
Tomorrow October 25 Il Divo is presented in the valence Forum here in Venezuela! And I’m not going Hahaha 
Rousey might be bad but she ain't got nothing on Cyborg  
This John Green's Paper Towns nonsense is just a recycling of the Little Boxes complaints of the 1960's: the original 1st world problem. 
"Criticism of Rick Perry is ridiculous, which choice?  Obama's hip-hop barbecue two days ago, or Perry praying for the President today?" 
@user @user @user is wrong: Dr APJ the ex-President passed on July 27; Yakub the terrorist was hanged till death on Jul 30 
I have to deal with this ipod so rest in pieces my emo snowflake fuckers. Here's to our tomorrow. Thank you for living to see today. 
"I don't see the point in the 3rd Tate vs Rousey fight, it's not like they both have a win a piece, Ronda has clattered her both times." 
I love how the #knicks get a good center for the 1st time since Ewing & all of a sudden the @user gets rid of Allstar voting for the position 
@user @user That's not true.  Israeli Zionists want only a ""Jewish"" israel, which means 2nd class citizenship for all non Jews" 
@user Won't see me :( I'm off to Bolton later today for the weekend. Typical timing as ever! 
An alarm on my phone still goes off every Thursday for a Jon Huntsman For President National Finance Team Call. Probably time to delete it. 
"If the snow prevents me from seeing Runrig tomorrow I'll be really annoyed, I've been waiting all year!" 
"Then I think to myself I can't go to Biola, UCLA, and  USC, and see them all&be back by the time I have to work tomorrow...sorry guys.." 
why can't the election be this November I don't want to hear about Donald trump for another year 
@user  Check this out.It's 3rd POLL I've found that doesn't have Rick Perry's name on it:http://t.co/BUWxi8Wfma See # VISITS=VOTES 
i hate how MLK Jr got caught apewalkin at the Selma March (reason why white people call us monkeys) 
@user Wait till Hillary throws you under the bus like the rest. Pleading the 5th? 
@user @user Dana White said the Bellagio had to freeze payouts for an hour  Sat because they lost all the money in their safe. 
all I'm saying is if Charles Darwin is a short answer on this exam tomorrow that short answer box wouldn't be ready for the anal penetration 
just walked past a girl throwing her guts up outside a bus stop... average Monday night in Shotton. 
@user  Not to worry, Trump won't remember it tomorrow. But think about the ramifications of using this kind of language about Angela Merkel. 
lol rt @user Jul 17 How Louis &amp; Briana met -- it's actually kind of embarrassing... 
I may be the odd man out on this but I don’t get all the buzz on this Kendrick Lamar. Decent I guess, but not stellar. 
This bit badder than Kanye West ego and Hotter than the sun. 
"It's not Ben Howland's fault that Reeves Nelson has self control issues, and there's no way he gets fired with the recruits he has coming in" 
"Galatasaray led by 3 after the 1st quarter but has gotten smoked, getting outscored 27-10 through the 1st 10 minutes" 
"Me: ""Hey mom. Danielle gets her license tomorrow... You know what car she drives. A Range Rover, pretty cool huh?"" Mom: ""No. Fuck off Sam.""" 
Missed @user at Soundset due to tornado. Now they are going to in DSM tomorrow. Do i want to put up with crowds and spend $45 more? 
Jindal: Bush 'got it wrong' on immigration:   Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Wednesday he disagreed with com... 
Who wants to see the Foo Fighters in Indianapolis tomorrow?  I have two tickets that I'm not going to get to use. So bummed! 
First we had the Charlie Hebdo thing back in January and now this?! WHEN IS THIS FUCKING ISLAMIST TERRORIST SHIT FINALLY GONNA BLOODY END!?! 
The amount of people I'm going to see come into Dunkin' tomorrow before their first day back to school will not be okay 
So we're likely to face Atletico in the 2nd round and Barca in the QFs (if we go through)... This wont be easy #CopaDelRey 
The conveyor belt of 'goods' bought at Monsanto Supermarket. Or shall we say the assembly line of puppets MON bathes! 
May the Giants go down faster then Fluke on date night. 
"Mother's Day is coming like tomorrow or is it today? idk, but i didn't prepare anything for me's mom." 
So @user is interviewing Martin O'Malley for the 50/11th time, but Bernie Sanders? Crickets. 
"I have a 150 minute flight tomorrow morning. #fuck #sleeping #tonight. I'm going to sleep on the plane, and listen to Yoko Kanno." 
Can you say Israel's bitch? What a fucking clown Chuck Norris is. Not to mention zerohedge is pushing disinformation 
Prez will claim on Monday that he got Kony as well. #one termer #NotOptimal 
Why does everything have to be compared with Muslims. At just 13% more non-Muslims eat meat than Muslims in India. 
You know what, i dont give a shit about tomorrow YOLO 
Kim Kardashian has proved to the World that if you suck enough dick Apple may just make you into an emoji 
So I went to a school to fill out a form with a #2 pencil OMIGOD JUST REALIZED I ACCIDENTALLY TOOK THE SAT INSTEAD OF VOTING TODAY 
@user  Hillary is sorry now that she may be facing criminal charges for what they found in her email 
"Taking in refugees may sound compassionate but it's actually giving away Syria to Saudi Arabia, not compassionate at all" 
@user @user @user . Maybe he realizes Hillary is a liar and Bernie may take his hard earned millions. 
S.O.S I left my Naruto game at home and at my grandpas till Monday I won't make it help 
I think a big part of Rick Perry's fall is simply that he is not a sitting governor this time around. May be Jeb's downfall too. 
Toni Gonzaga will be in Legazpi on October 30. Huhuhuhu. I wanna cry i want to come but how? I dont have money. Waaaah @user 
@user @user Iran got the carrot, but need to be wary of the stick. Iran may howl but sanctions need to be available." 
"Monday: I know that since the activities of Boko Haram are all against humanity, God will soon expose them. Their end is near." 
About to go shopping again tomorrow bc the dress I got for Jason Aldean is not cute :-) forever 21 mirrors lie 
"LFCtv just showed Downing's goal vs FC Gomel, why can't my man score them all the time, prob won't even make the squad tomorrow :(" 
Temple, Drexel, Penn, NY SD, state of NJ - closed for Monday and Tuesday. Philly SD? Still thinking about it. #thatmakessense #noitdoesnt 
"David Cameron is a nasty man. This is the 2nd time I've read that George Osborne was decent to MPs who lost their seats, but Cameron wasn't." 
Bad times when u missed Waterloo road last thursday when in Tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode :( #notfair 
"Woaw just because briana is ""having"" louis' baby she has the sun shining out of her ass. 
sigh i'm going back to milan tomorrow 
White feminism will be all over the newspapers tomorrow saying how Nicki attacked Miley. That's you call someone out!!!! 
I just need to chill. Can’t wait to unleash some aggression at Black Dahlia Murder tomorrow. #GonnaEndALife 
Grrrrrrr need a new profile pic but can't find the right one  And this stupid iPad can't take photos cause I have the 1st one grrrrrrr 
I haven’t bought my kit and NCS is tomorrow. My frame of mind right now is just #leaveityeah 
Oh is there really a 2 hour delay tomorrow oh didn't know so keep posting it" 
Ugh just learned a Gilmore Girls spoiler. Does it still count as a spoiler if a show has been off the air for the life-span of a 1st grader? 
ICYMI: The 'failure' of Google+: A round-up of interesting technology-related links you may have missed over t... 
Half naked & covered in baby spew! 3points for the Dons tomorrow though! #WeAreAllCammySmith #WeAreAllCammySmithRedArmyBanner 
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of making false promises to come to power and said he ... 
(cont.) weeks and Hyung Jun didn't even perform on the major music shows 
@user don't question the monarchy, but look at its butthurtedness. Then, tomorrow, look! Baby pictures. Prince George and shit." 
@user collapse without them. And the selective morality of Christians and Right Wing nuts are buying into this. From him?!? C'mon... 
Rt @user IEBC may hold the most modern & credible elections, but that wont stop Kenya from Burning again IF the intolerance we  ... 
Today I sat down and make a conscious effort to try to actually like a U2 song. Unsuccessful. 
"My wife said, after seeing this: ""I think my 15 year love affair with Tom Brady may be coming to an end"" 
As Chemtrails of poisonous Aluminum dim out the sun, Monsanto unveils new patents on GM seeds tolerant to Aluminum and sunlight deprivation. 
Yakub's Mercy plea has been rejected.  May you be served justice in here after.  #YakubMemon 
BREAKING PROPHECY NEWS:  Today, I present to you the 2 Horns of the False Prophet. Yesterday Friday, Erdogan was... 
China: Nine arrested in crackdown against Christians as row about church crosses continues 
@user Well have to have a defensive stand at the beginning of the 3rd. But lord knows Ike Taylor will get beat deep 
"I'm being taunted :( don't get my PS4 until September 15, and I can't play this until Halloween god damn it 
So tomorrow when I turn on the news, I want to hear good stuff, like how Erdogan is hanging from his balls with his penis in his mouth. 
Watched the 1st Season of Scandal and all I can say Is Olivia Pope is a Bad Girl!!!!!! Got Season 2 on DVR........ 
State + federal funds combined are about a third of Planned Parenthood funding, lets take back the 3rd it will help with the deficit. NOT.. 
"... but if I say """"Wilt Chamberlain is the 4th-best player ever"""", it’s the start of a long, fruitless argument that no one can win. [2/2]" 
That's it, Bobby Jindal. We're gonna send you to the same deserted island as Donald Trump. May you both rot there with your stupidity. 
@user We are teaching kids that it's ok for guys to be in touch with their feminine side...and that Caitlyn Jenner may be a cow... 
@user Gav, what the eff is this? I've just gotten home from Roskilde Festival, 1st internet in a week...does this mean I am out now?" 
when Gucci 1st got out of jail after the poolstick incident I said lets do a tape. he declined due to the album he was working on. 
@user nah I havnt knew about the Adidas deal! U like it? I’m undecided....   Where u watching game sat? I’m trying to get it off! 
Looks like Dustin Johnson won't be winning the pga championship after shooting an 8 on the 1st hole. #choke#PGAChampionship 
They accuse you of playing politics because you want to look tough because George Osborne has stolen a march on... 
Daily Digit: Exchanges lost $1 mln a day: Oct 31 - NYSE, Nasdaq, and the CBOE each lost about $1 million in trad... 
...1st of all this is Amy Schumer and she's funnier and hotter than you will ever be 2nd of all shut the fuck up 
@user aww :/ im pissed cause i cant download Unbroken on youtube anymore sigh, and im also going to the cinema tomorrow :D 
This game is slipping away from the Red Sox.(And it's only the second inning)  NYY 6  BOS 1  Top of the 2nd 
Who the fuck would buy a Justin Bieber vinyl 
Shahbaz Humayun to Iran shia read 1st Kalma of Muslim or announce you are not Muslims or else Iran and all shia... 
The prediction machine LOVES KC +8.5 tonight. Kermit has fucked me every Thursday. Went w SD.. so I’m gonna lose cuz that’s how it works. 
"An apologist through and through! Tackle the hate that is Islam, then you may start to address the root cause! 
"If he gets the crap beat out of him Saturday, Dana White may die.  
A real and sustained #WarOnWomen from the regime Obama is giving $$ and nuke capabilities to. May God forgive us all 
Don't want to home tomorrow #omfg iHATEschool-.- Cuba is awesome... 
Why can't Kendrick rap on every song like he did Black Friday. Old Kendrick is better. 
School on Fridays just ruins the fact it's Friday 
PM Narendra Modi does not take interest in Parliament: Rahul Gandhi white liar taking part in the world liar conf? 
I fucking went to disneyland today but they had a marathon going on and one entrance to the park. Sat in traffic for almost 3 hours 
Nicki dead ass sat in our fAces and lied to us about meek. bye 
Does Harper even realize there in 3rd place! Talk about burying you head in the sand... Stay the course... Of lies and deceit! #cdnpoli 
"No, Ms. Merkel, Central Europe doesn't want Muslims and you're not going to force them onto us. #Germany #Hungary 
"Like Hulk Hogan more now. Don't need to boycott WWE either, I already boycott BS. Shame he may be purged from prestigious fake wrestling HOF" 
We always get pushed out to SS4 with Ben Sheppard. Could be worse. Could be Thursday night with Colin Murray #AFC 
Nearly 14-minute mark in the 3rd quarter before Michael Dyer is mentioned on the Clemson-Auburn telecast. Many bets lost on the under. 
Ron Jaworski said #12 is the 4th best rookie qb from this rookie class #WTH #wtf jaws is an idiot @user @user 
I’m listening to the a capellas of The 2nd Law and appreciating how bad ass Bellamy is. Not that I didn’t already know from his other albums 
@user Distressed over all the stuff they bought on the 15th--Amazon Prime Day. 
Where I truly believe Amazon failed for their Amazon Prime Day sale.... The moment they claimed it'd have "Bigger deals than Black Friday" 
I hate Jon for making me watch the Kurt Cobain documentary because I'll end up listening to Nirvana all day tomorrow. 
"Scott Walker is getting so desperate, we may just see him borrowing Rick Perry's black frame eyeglasses." 
nike air force 1 low and adidas superstars are two of the most grubby, hideous trainers going. you may as well just go out in glittery crocs 
Chelsea striker Diego Costa is a doubt for the Blues' clash against Crystal Palace on Saturday through injury. 
The sun look more hurt about zerries break up than zayn and Perrie 
@user A response to Bad Blood may make the album ugly. 
I don't even feel like going to LCC on Saturday. 
"just me that thinks it's fucking daft arresting OAPs for killings on Bloody Sunday, too long ago, fuck the IRA" 
@user Good article, and good point about Sakho. He could be sat here now in the same situation as Kane, with people starting to doubt." 
Police deny knowledge of Boko Haram in Enugu: The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it was not aware o... 
’Saturday Kitchen’ is on and it’s Sunday. Mind = fucked. 
Have to say I think Jason & Taylor may have been robbed by the married duo tonight of Blake & Miranda... 
You'd think I'd be prepared for all the anguish when reading the Harry Potter books all over again for the 10th time. Right? LIKE FUCK. 
This is very bad for Juventus. Lose in the 1st &amp; 2nd gionarta? something wrong with formation i think.. miss Pirlo, Tevez &amp; Vidal already :( 
"off to enrole at college tomorrow, i don't want to grow up aghh." 
I am ready to consider the possibility that Donald Trump holds a higher opinion of himself than the facts may, at times, warrant. 
The husband of the cunt who hates gay marriage says people who visit him should know how much he LOVES the 2nd Amendment. Dissonance much? 
Typical Americans. Will talk about toxic metals on a thread about Holi. C'mon don't be babies !! 
"Erdogan is trying to achieve the result he failed to in the June 7 election in a political coup" 
Lost my iPad for the 2nd time today 
If you think Kanye West would be a good president you probably scored below a 1000 on your SAT 
Niall's pants are always so tight he may just be that size :( 
@user lol.. I agree w Nicki and Sammy 1st and second Miley might be doing good deeds OK but she's literally a fucking mess. So shh 
@user @user  Are people suffering because of Obama's failed foreign policy think he is wonderful? 
@user today was all about Ozil not being happy and leaving Arsenal in Jan. Welbeck's good though np, we can't be that unlucky" 
@user @user That is insane Israel going after agricultural crops too?May be crops are terrorist. 
@user @user @user Big Show and Kane have zero business finishing 3rd and 4th in the Rumble. 
Sad to hear one of my boyhood heroes #NYGiants NFL HOF member &amp; Monday Night Football original Frank Gifford has passed to the Great Beyond 
@user Russia may be the one to take the ISIS down in Syria, Assad may get support soon, Turkey and Russia may collide too. Obama failed. 
They killed the AMERICAN DREAM dusty Rhodes   Now they taking the American hero Hulk Hogan.   The people's champ may be next 
@user ""He killed more people on Midgard then me, why isn't he in a cell too"" He sat on his bed, looking up at Thor with rised ~" 
If Cena ties Ric Flair's 16th World Titles, that will truly be a slap in the face of Flair. Ridiculous #RAW 
@user FFS. He's probably sat crying in to his Real Madrid shirt with ""Samba 9"" on the back asking where it all went wrong." 
"Kamala, who defended Hulk Hogan following the racial tirade scandal that broke out on Friday, discussed the... 
@user yeah. I've always said Milan is being run as if it was a 3rd world country. Can't say Galliani is the main issue tho. 
@user @user Terror in Paris...in January not just Charlie Hebdo unless dead Jews don't count. #ParisAttacks 
besides the Game 1 2nd Quarter Knicks vs Heat game... this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro. smh 
Alex - the worst player on the field - scores Milan's 3rd. Should be victory and 3 points secured now 
@user Bloody Sunday had nothing 2 do with the IRA don't think Bono are going to be welcome in the North of Ireland anymore 
March Against Monsanto sharing info on the dangers of dihydrogen monoxide! Scientific literacy is hard... 
And @user article 3 gives SCOTUS no legislative powers and the 10th amendment is clear. The 14th sec 5 requires an act of congress. 
"Heads up: Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other TouchWiz devices may also be vulnerable - /r" 
@user I may not be speaking for the whole world here, but have always thought Bono is a wanker &amp; U2 overrated. There I have said it." 
If you are still mourning the cancellation of the Great Yorkshire Show why not head to @user at Boroughbridge on 2 Sep! 
Whitecaps vs the mighty Robbie Keane and LA Galaxy this Thursday, 7:30. Fuck training, hitting up @user 
@user Best friend just arrived in NYC from Australia. Damn it, means I can't watch the two-hour opener of Terra Nova tonight." 
@user it's the coaching fault how is Kendrick not rushing the passer anymore on 3rd down ? Like Cox not our best option 
I've narrowed it down to Sophos and Chrome crapping out on chrome!SetPrinterInfo+0xcfc. Detours may make this very difficult to figure out. 
Call from "John" @user "hello, i'd like to look at your computer, over the phone" Me:" ok, may I ask why your calling about my..(1/2) 
"David Cameron, George Osborne, Theresa May work with Rupert Murdoch and #NSA #GCHQ to blackmail EVERYONE. Let's prosecute these gangsters." 
"Tony Blair! more like... Baloney Tear?!?! you may notice from my incredulous tone, and use of insulting wordplay, that ""the gloves are off,""" 
@user @user tomorrow morning u will get reply, yakub will be hanged. India is not going to be govern by presstitutes," 
How I’m going to miss senior year’s Selma vs k-town game Friday cuz I have work! <<< 
My Eyes! My Eyes! Kim Kardashian's wedding dress is on the tele. How does someone make Givenchy look so cheap &amp; bad?#Sunday Hilarious! 
Nintendo Chief Satoru Iwata Dies At 55 
"20 top Boko Haram militants arrested, Nigeria says: Nigeria's security agency said on Sunday it had made signi... 
Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident: Prosecutors have recommended the TV star f... 
Just been informed my police hat from Saturday has made a home in Chalmers and no doubt has made a home with some skank sob 
By Tanya Agrawal July 21 (Reuters) - Weak results from IBM and United Technologies weighed on the Dow and the S&amp;P 500 while the Nasdaq 
@user Trudeau may do better if he attacked the NDP, no need to waste time on Harper the Media is 24/7 with the anti Harper narrative 
"I hope Dana White reveals he was kidding, just to see Trump tweet tomorrow that he ""never liked him"" 
Oh I get it, Joe Biden was here or something. That may explain the incredible traffic.  Or that may honestly just be Atlanta 
Why don't you let Carly Fiorina debate? She's tough and smart and has ranked 5th in most polls. What a waste of ratings!!! 
"The Specialist, w/Sly Stallone & Sharon Stone is on G4. Lasting memory: 1st & only movie I feel asleep watching in the theatre. #badmovie" 
"This lady may have stumbled But she ain't never fell And if Obama, Muslims and Russians don't believe that  They can all go straight to hell" 
Semi-finals tomorrow are going to be gay... 
But Hillary may go to jail for using her private email to break the law. 
Nigerian media seek to cope with Boko Haram threat  
One may argue if hanging Yakub was right or wrong. But the people who are trying to portray him as a communal hero are purely anti-national 
@user that's like me being Christians and saying the religion of Islam is stupid. I may not agree with their practices but I still have 
Does anyone know how to get around a disabled 5th gen ipod WITHOUT putting it into recovery mode? 
Madonna is in concert tonight in St. Louis.  All the women are dressing like 80s whores.  Some of them may even go to the concert. 
I was legitimately more impressed and intimidated by The Devil Inside than with PA4. Might not see the 5th one at all. 
I thought Big Brother came on for the longest today and I just realized it's Monday and the foolery comes on tonight. 
Tom Brady's suspension got tossed &amp; all the fans from our 1st 4 games tucked the shit-talking in for a nice nap 
Surprising end to a Gauntlet Match between Brock Lesnar and the three weakest members of the RAW Roster in WWE 2k14. He lost to the 2nd man. 
I worry about this huge update download tomorrow because my internet has been super sketchy latley.  Ps4 may be going to work with me. Lolz! 
"Boehner wants Obama to move his speech on Wed to Thurs of nxt week, due to the GOP debate on Wed. No sense of urgency while americans suffer" 
Just sat in  Bentley and watched a girl munch down on a whole bag of Chips.. And I'm not talking about the tiny bags. She had family size. 
Totally going to the Marijuana March in dt Cleve brb. #NOT 
There's going to be one hell if a backlash against the BBC if their anointed St Jeremy of #Corbyn does not win on Saturday. 
#samesex is morally deviant.  Shove the damn gay cake where the sun don't shine.  #KimDavis speaks the truth. Stand for #truth not lies 
May I just say that the words 'Latte' &amp; 'Skinny' have NOTHING to do with coffee and that the word 'Barista' is NOT in the English Language? 
"The WWE is less quick to forgive Hulk hogan, and severed all ties with him on Friday 
"Speaking to western media for 1st time, mother of Ghoncheh Ghavami tells @user she too has gone on hunger strike 
I'm sad I feel like I'm going to get bad seats tomorrow with my luck &amp; idk if z100 called the ppl for who's going to sit on stage for shawn 
I'd call it plugins but Apple calls it complications 
@user mate Ben klok on the Friday at T was far too GUCCI for my own good was blood terrifying 
@user I'm glad McCoy isn't on the Eagles anymore, he's such a hater. 1st he talked crap about Kelly now talking about Murray." 
Another example of David Cameron campaigning on one thin and then doing the exact Opposite 
I'm literally nervous for what Kanye may say tonight...he more of a loose cannon than Nicki 
@user More propaganda from the BBC, they promote platforms of dissent, one day they may return to journalism, make the BBC a PLC. 
*desperately attempts to recover his Monster Hunter Portable 3rd character save in the middle of a sem. break crisis* 
@user @user @user You are a Zionist,the entire world hates your kind. Latest poll shows Israel is the 3rd hated country" 
"I miss old school Dashboard Confessional, taking back Sunday, senses fail, early November, and the used. #middleschooljams" 
I thought it was Saturday and I didn't know Big Brother was on tonight how awk 
@user Hey what's the status of Kina Grannis and her concert? If the rain is still this bad we might not have a show tomorrow... 
Planned Parenthood VP Says Fetuses May Come Out Intact, Agrees Payments Specific to the Specimen via @user 
"No, they turned the lights off Jan 8th because of the 16 people killed with the Charlie Hebdo attack.  
Is Fox News really Fair and Balanced? Sometimes I wonder about that! 1st Debate without Bobby Jindal. 
Correa.  Damn phone still autocorrecting from the Rousey fight Saturday. 
Eden Hazard's through ball to Juan Mata for the 3rd goal against Spurs - are you serious???!!! #onetouch #instinctive #class 
If you need convincing that bombing Syria wrong/flawed/unethical then Tony Blair's support for bombing might assist  
I'm so sad. No Inkigayo tomorrow. That means we don't get to see IU in her Halloween costume on TV. Hope she tweets a selca. Witch IU? 
"Beyonce outperforms MJ" Michael didn't look like he was trying to get rid of a wedgie while performing, but if you say so, Jan. 
"Fuck you bitch . Mitchie made me , she was like """" c'mon drew she's cute """" ." 
"Rotherham Give Clear Warning to EDL, BNP and NF October 12: via @user got the message yet? fuck off #edl" 
"So Watchman is an earlier draft of Mockingbird?? People have been had in getting excited for this. C'mon public, you're better than this." 
I'm sorry to say the Steelers CB situation is so dismal that I believe Tom Brady will have a sore arm after the Thursday night game! 
@user Dude, it was sad saying goodbye to the PH last night. I'll always remember my 1st St Pattys when we stayed up all night..." 
@user HER NUMBER of followers are about the same nrs the IRA slaughtered for 13 dead on Bloody sunday 
@user couldn’t be without it now mate!! The thought of havin to watch Downton Abbey on a Sunday night makes me wanna top myself!! 
I'll see all you band kids at dunkin tomorrow morning #yourlifesucks #mylifesucks #buymecoffeetoo 
"My wife hates when I watch the sunset listening to U2. But I'm not the only one, staring at the sun." 
@user It’s almost 2 am in BKK but I can’t sleep after the game. It isn’t the 1st time we lost cuz of ref. 
@user failed yet again with #bpos and their customer service - ""overnight work"" - guess what Microsoft? It's morning here." 
Game of Thrones season 5 for free may seem too good to be true, but that's only cause it is. My day went back to being terrible. 
"So I'm listening to this Beatles' playlist to study for my Beatles midterm on Friday, and fucking SNSD is one of the related videos. #WTF" 
@user Unfortunately, not yet. Wanted to go to Revenge at Paleyfest in March, but couldn't make it. :(" 
Sharknado 3 may be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. 
@user  it was deplorable to say the least of you to dedicate almost 3 pages to Yakub &amp; ironically Mr. Kalam on 5th page. SAD day 
@user No issues if he is saving an innocent of any religion, but Yakub killed hundreds of innocent, tomo Bhushan may back ISIS too!" 
#CoppaItalia: OFFENSE!! Milan yellow card in the 4th minute for A. Bertolacci. #samac  
@user she may be a """"""""problematic fave"""""""" but there's NO reason for her to be getting dragged just cuz Nicki said some shit" 
Forever jealous of those who are going to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow :( 
CANT go to class tomorrow too stressed about big brother 
"Go Set a Watchman is out tomorrow. This means we can expect to see speed readers on the news.    ""I read it in 45 minutes"" ""Piss off. Now!!""" 
"I don't want to go to school on Monday. I would love to cuddle with Niall instead. But this will never ever happen, lol." 
It may be because I'm listening to the #GOPDebate on the radio, but Bobby Jindal sounds like Kermit the Frog. I like him though. 
@user  smthing went wrong B/w us. She is really Good Girl . May be i have Done Mistake !! . But she Knows ME . Miss HER ! 
"Try as I may, I just can't get excited for Celebrity Big Brother or standard version. It needs a break for s few years #cbb #BigBrother17" 
And the boss just posted the schedule, and I work this saturday. Yay OT. " 
I should really stop watching Big Brother: After Dark cause it's only Sunday and I already know the nominees and who won the veto... 
RT @user Is it true the MTA will not be running on Saturday due to the Hurricane? 
Waking up to Chanel West Coast crying while being arrested may top that day I woke up to racist Hulk Hogan. 
Jay-Z stole his whole 2nd verse from "99 Problems" from Bun B in the UGK song "Touched". Come on y'all listen to old hip hop. 
I just spent 5 min scrolling through Donald Trump's tweets. It is as though I have spent part of Sunday visitng a parallel universe. 
Lady Gaga fears classmates: Los Angeles, Nov 1 (IANS) Singer Lady Gaga is still in touch with some pe... @user 
I think the Sun should consider suing the BNP over this - 
@user Sir, there are enemies in the White House.Something needs to be done TODAY not November 6th.Clinton,Obama,Panetta,Petraeus,Lamb" 
Americans taken hostage by Iran Houthis back in march ..Kerry kept it quiet while Iran deal was being negotiated  so Americans would approve 
"if only ever watched the #BBC and #CNN, you may not know that Saudi Arabia is bombing Yemen with US/UK/French arms. #bias" 
#parisshootings AFP report Place Republique where the moving Charlie Hebdo march took place is completely deserted 
What a prime knob cheese sat next to me on the tube talking extra loudly on the phone about a new show he's pitching to the BBC. Jog on. 
I have to go out drinking on a Wednesday so i cant watch the Bachelor until the next day #firstworldpains #brockuproblems 
@user  not support. They said need to talk to those groups to end conflict, as UK gov did with IRA. Please stop believing Sun." 
You can tell I'm off my meds by the fact that I'm sat in the dark listening to David Bowie 
Don't yall see what they doin they distracting us with today's kids will ever know because on July 14 Barack and Michelle obama got together 
Why the hell is Black Friday by j cole and Kendrick not on iTunes yet. 
You’d think after not replying to the 3rd text the Twat face would get that I fucking hate him. 
I don't like Kanye West because he doesn't smile. -8th grade girl 
Don't know why I'm being a melt and just go Circoloco tomorrow 
Not excited to take the SATs tomorrow 
@user I'm conflicted. I don't particularly like the Sun or David Cameron but I always enjoy a David Bowie pun/reference. 
@user West Indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in DharamsalaRT WHY DID THEY COME?# 
@user who starts college on 15th It's like prison on independence day. thought she's just 2yrs elder den u 
Yo it's been 2 and a half weeks since Kendrick's Black Friday dropped and I still haven't fully understood all his lyrics yet... 
Didn’t get a chance to post this the other day. Goodbye Ralph McQuarrie. May you return as a Force ghost to guide young artists... #StarWars 
Appalling experience with @user helpline. 2hrs on phone &amp; counting. Now on hold to speak 6th rep so far @user Not impressed!! 
"Just saw Scott Walker call Hillary the ""Deciever in Chief"".  Yes. Today is Throw Up Thursday." 
@user I hope she beats her Ass.Rousey may be a converted guy for all we know. Truly, who cares!meh2490." 
Was meant to be going to York on Sunday for the football trial things but its been delayed #annoying 
Danica Patrick let her temper get the best of her Sunday and knocked herself out of NASCAR race 
Sat alone in my office at lunch so I could watch an episode of Mob Wives.  Pretty sure this day ends with me jumping in front of a train. 
"We want to bomb Syria like there's no tomorrow, but when will we finally jail Tony Blair and George Bush for their war crimes? #Iraq2003" 
@user Sad..but not the 1st time &amp; I'm a sports fan &amp; a kids for education bluff..its all Scott Walker..you cant feel but sad for Wi. 
"Tangina, my heart's breaking. I won't get to see Sum 41 on the March 8 because I don't like the line up for Smash Project. Omg." 
"Juniors playing powderpuff, if you aren't at practice tomorrow you will NOT play, it starts at 5:30pm, hope to see you there!" 
Matt Flynn May Never Play Quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks - Bleacher Report: Bleacher Report... #seahawks #nfl 
not gonna like @user had me in my feels before 7th period with that Ed Sheeran. 
i'm so tight because i'm taking the HSPA tomorrow and am gonna miss some of my classes. 
".@tedcruz ""ON @user WATCH we have witnessed the rise of Russia, Iran, and ISIS. Radical Islamic terrorists are on the march.""" 
@user one-sided support for Russia, which the Iran deal may've began addressing. 2. Not doing so to a certain extent would lead to" 
Omigod im so fuckin sick of this family. Why the hell r u inviting us to ur house ruining MY saturday when ur kids arent even gonna be here! 
I fail to see why the Rams are playing TWICE on MNF this Fall-isn't once enough?And their 1st div game isnt til wk9!Un-frickin-real. 
"Bill Burr made gross transphobic jokes about Caitlyn Jenner on Conan: On Thursday, comedian Bill Burr appeared... 
Ceasefire violations @user The Houthi forces should think about Yemen's tomorrow Saudi Arabia should see peace and #UN to rethink 
GEJ needs a public apology from all those that called him the sponsor of Boko Haram.  Every Sunday and Friday is a feast day for Boko Haram. 
@user @user I heard May Queen is good, Nice Guy but has Song Joongki in it ^^~ I have no interested in drama these days unnie =.= 
Mom just asked if I wanted to see the Knicks vs Celtics in October...I hate both teams but it’s a live game hmm 
I can't believe this is the 1st time Hulk Hogan has been called out for making a fool of himself. Anyone else notice that guy's entire life? 
Carles Puyol could be out for up to 6 weeks after straining knee ligaments. Further tests on the Barca man tomorrow - 
"Charlie Hebdo shooting in January, bombing in June, attack on the train in August - @user has a point." 
Floyd Mayweather in a nutshell: You may kick my ass but im richer so im still better than you 
Would love to watch the live screening of Yakub being hanged tomorrow... #YakubVerdict 
Miyagi just got banned from yoga. He was caught him sniffing the sphincter of the girl in front of him. There may be police involvement! 
Shouldn't Sarah Palin be putting her  little mind onto maters such as 'who is the baby daddy for my 4th grandbaby?? 
According to my DVR, the penultimate episode of HANNIBAL is just the 4th quarter of a NFL preseason game. I could eat a face. 
believe it or don't, but this version of informix isn't supported by anyone anymore. I don't even know whether IBM or Sun own this thing 
"RT @user Hey #GOP, no matter how you slam Obama, you own our credit rating downgrade. It is ALL your fault, & we'll remind you in No ..." 
"Furthermore, the 14th amendment was ratified in the 1800's when homosexuality was illegal. Clearly then it's not aimed at gay marriage." 
"This shit always happens before a Break,happened last year the friday of Spring break,Now its Christmas Break. Whats next Thanksgiving Break" 
I wish I could spend my bday at Disneyland. But it's blocked, and it's a holiday, and it's December. 
RT @user Republicans reminded Obama that he was still a nigger boy to them today huh? 
Wish me lucky on the Cahsee tomorrow I'm pretty nervous 
Sound like Lexus  I'll believe it when I see it  
How immature can you be calling Danielle a stunt/beard/December girlfriend? Like he's WAY happier with her than Eleanor or Briana.. 
@user People have no interest in Rahul Gandhi. He may go to Europe forever. He should take his mother with him. 
One reason why the dry nut prices are going up in the last 3 years. IRAN is enduring a serious drought-  
"Haven't seen TFI Friday before but it's hosted by Noel Fielding and Chris Evans (the shit, English one) so I want it off television soon" 
I couldn't remember if the boys did c'mon c'mon on WWA tour then I remember shouting out the lyrics when people didn't know what song it was 
@user ""you may not be allowed to speak to Justin Bieber"" doesn't that kinda take the ""greet"" out of ""meet and greet""???" 
@user i see this fight as pointless and declare you as my equal in gay, may we share the title for eternity" 
@user I’m not sure I’m going to Brownsville tomorrow 
"Kanye West is wrong. It may be more pleasant to think that success is binary, but it's definitely not." 
@user They sat on their hands. Ebola spreads much more efficiently than HIV and is potentially just a mutation away from being airborne 
The Red Sox have an embarrassment of riches in the outfield. Mookie Betts showed off his defense on Sunday 
AMintheAM #GOP2016 - Loser of the Week  Rick Perry : Not paying staff + polling at 1% or less = 1st to drop out? 
@user @user Kyle if I see u tomorrow I'm gonna molest you 
Erdogan's gamble on bombing the Kurds may backfire in coming election #Turkey 
@user it's pretty sad, Rooney may be the last one for a long time now unless players like sterling, Kane, stones, Wilson" 
"Ive had the most f'd up week, from having my big brother passing on Tuesday to my phone drowning in beer (which i dont even drink)" 
#ElizabethPena dead at 55. Jan Hooks at 57. WTF!!! I'm getting old. Stop it.  :ahhh::ahhh::ahhh: 
@user  - when is the last time Christian hung gays?  i'll tell you the last time Islam hung gays,  yesterday, today &amp; tomorrow, etc, etc" 
TL;DR: I'm literally the 2nd biggest piece of shit in Africa right now next to Boko Haram. 
Might just go back to Summersville tomorrow. Fuck this place. 
Axl Rose needs to just give up. Now. Not later, not soon, not tomorrow. NOW! 
i'd rather go shopping for baby clothes with briana tomorrow than go to work 
@user @user Reset the criteria - make it FAIR.  Let Carly  Fiorina debate on ""Main Stage"" on September 16th #Carly2016 @user 
Angela Merkel may need as many refugees due to long penises from Africa to record movies, etc ...These cultures do not belong in the EU. 
@user @user Hope it was not a Super Psycho Sweet 16th birthday party ;) 
Work tomorrow is gonna be so fun #tired" 
"Well done Chris Evans, I did not think it was possible to make TFI Friday any more shit than it used to be, but you have proved me wrong" 
@user and Muslims will be 1/3rd of worlds population that is just scary but I,ll be long gone by then" 
While that may be Obama has gotten us into one hell of a mess and makes it worse daily with failed policies kumbaya 
"I fucks with Kendrick, but March Madness deserve to be our national anthem it's that cold" 
listening to a Richie Hawtin set isn’t the best thing to do on a Sunday when your going to bed...ravin ma tits aff now ha 
@user @user @user May I ask, have you read the bill, including the provisions that neither Congress nor Kerry saw? 
"""""@DJRobBanks: Drop !t Vol. 3 Charlotte’s BIGGEST BLACKLIGHT party THIS Fri. at Neighborhood Theatre!"""" Damn I wish it was in Ralz" 
today is the day "harry styles will die at metlife on August 5th" and i know it was someone who made it up but I'm scared okay 
"as if he doesn't sleep and 24/7 he's always preparing many ambushes for Muslims, may Allah curse him may Allah make him blind." 
Watching the 1st series of Game of Thrones is bringing back painful memories 
"This lady on Sunday Morning Live is an absolute idiot. Negotiating with Daesh isn't possible, nothing like the IRA" 
"People who support Islam in Australia may as well just come out and say, We want our country turned into a Muslim shithole." 
"YOU cannot stop YAHWEH ELOHIM BUSINESS. YAHWEH ELOHIM HAS BESTOWED HIS Powers ON Janet Jackson and it's SEALED IN YAHWE""S 9th SEAL ." 
"I lost respect for #AnnaHazare the minute he sat at """"Duratma"""" Gandhi's graveyard yesterday. India does not need another Gandhi. Vandemataram" 
@user ""Gay couples ruin the sanctity of marriage,"" said the woman on her 4th marriage. You're a government employee, do your job." 
"Bethany Cosentino Wednesday, Amy Schumer tonight. Too bad Tina Fey isn't in town tomorrow!" 
Tony Blair to swot up on lying through his teeth until next Friday - the swivel eyed redneck 
Aw what the hell Curtis Painter coming in and we give up 3rd and 18 conversion. 
One concern about Posterous is that it was bought by Twitter recently and so may no longer have same support/development as previously. 
"Me ""Caitlyn Jenner may get charged for manslaughter.""  @user ""at least it's not women slaughter""" 
Some are worried that aliens may invade earth; looking at George Osborne and Tory front bench; it looks like it has already happened! 
I madr noprogress my lfe is going downhill actually Kpop ruined the world everything will dje the sun will explodeand Bush will confirm 9/11 
@user Carlo Ancelotti after LVG and then may be Giggs. Not a big fan of Guardiola, despite the success." 
Stuck at the office tomorrow Saffers? Missing AB's v Tonga? Try @user on streaming Alternative Rugby Commentary - ARC 
There's a bunch of people in my room and all I want to do is watch Sunday's Big Brother 
The future must not belong to the butchers of Planned Parenthood! 9th video via @user 
Boko Haram - the vindication of Governor Shettima via @user trust 
@user @user I'd recommend just turning it off and waiting for Verlander tomorrow. 
You may think I have mono-cellular Zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me. 
"Supersonic, Paul Foot, Boris in December, Runrig, boring car stuff, Turbonegro... going to be pretty broke for Christmas! Yay!" 
"All the millions Real Madrid have got, still can't buy a decent PC. Smh. #DeadlineDay  
@user The Big Bang Theory isn't funny. A lack of intelligence may be the problem #justsaying 
Can’t even sleep.. All I can think about is how fucked Jordan is going to be when I just don’t answer my phone tomorrow. Haha sucks to suck 
"Ya know, John Kasich actually seems like a real human being with a real record.. Too bad that may or may not mean anything" 
I'm supposed to go to Atlantic City on the 15th for a school field trip. doubt that will happen tbh 
Sep 10th steelers ruin the Tom Brady parade  
Moral of the story - don't upset the city!! City watchdog chief quits after George Osborne vote of no confidence  
Charges filed in Calif. shooting that killed 3 - A convicted felon was charged Monday with the murders of three peop... 
"Seen some U2 tickets for 14 October, but I'm very afraid the person wants to make profit out of it instead of selling them for face value :(" 
"Droid Bionic pops up on Motorola site, looks set for September 8 release: Between the leaked ads, blurry photos ... 
It's Friday and I still don't have google+, Ross posted my latest video on Reddit, you can post your comment and discuss it here. 
"I'm so over Hulk Hogan. May rant on warm up/raw review. Been over Hogan since the 80s. He's the true ""nugget"" that won't go down the toilet." 
"Boko Haram suffered heavy losses on Sunday as Nigerian troops took down 20 insurgents Faljari, along the... 
Sam Smith may be the worst act on the radio 
@user #Lumia @user 2nd, you guys haven't released a lumia that has a QHD screen, or takes video in 2k resolution yet. 
In case you weren’t invited . . .:   ..it ’may’ have been because Andy was hiding a deep,dark secret   Personali... 
Not convinced by the Haye v Chisora fight @ Upton Park on Saturday.....personally I’d rather have seen Carlton Cole v Emile Heskey 
Josh Hamilton rejoined the Rangers n an effort to overcome his struggle w/ addiction. Angels fans just booed him in 1st game back. #pathetic 
Looks for Tom Boonen but knows he’ll be face down in a mountain of sherbet. Race day tomorrow. Prep of pros 
Paul Dunne is Irish not British. I guess BBC will call him Irish if he does not win tomorrow. 
@user  you won’t be getting candy till monday. I am (by my own stupidity) a sick person right meow. .-. 
"It doesn't look good for the rest of the day. Rain coming down from Scotland. If you're going out today, wrap up 
George Osborne is a threat to the poorest in our society: 
3 time going into this dunkin cause they can't figure out my order. Also they wouldn't accept my coupon that expires in October. 
@user @user sad to not be going to Disneyland tomorrow 
#WretributionRP Urijah Faber agrees that his confrontation with Conor McGregor looked rigged: Last Friday, whi... 
George Osborne claims that #JeremyCorbyn is a threat to national security ... because he opposes #Trident renewal 
3 hrs later still on the phone with @user on my 7th person now. Fun Friday!" 
If you look up the definition of narcissism in the dictionary there's a picture of Kim Kardashian  
"Beyonce needs a new sound. You may call it hating, I'm just being real." 
@user I haven't made game-by-game predictions, but I think it'll take a few breaks to get to 27-28 wins before Selection Sunday." 
"In January, I wrote a reflection about the Charlie Hebdo attacks. Tonight my heart breaks in the same way. 
When you have to wait 15 for a table on a Friday morning at IHOP 
"Christians ARE being persecuted, Muslims MAY be persecuted. So i want Christians! @user @user @user #auspol" 
Rugby tonight and it’s like freezing omg I may die 
Zayn is a fucking psychic he's like THE MAN  
don’t want to depress rl folk but daily mail reporting 82k sellout for eng v fiji at twickers on sat week. broader vision or deeper pockets? 
"Embarrassed Cardinals try to pick up the pieces: TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) - Embarrassed on Monday night, the Arizona Ca... 
@user @user Agree! I watch with my mum and it's our monday night show, that's not gonna happen anymore!All bc of Big Brother" 
Why would you waste a good iPod like this...idiots...IDIOTS 
Saying you came in 3rd on Big Brother is just saying you spent 3-4 months not working for no reason at all. 
In 27 hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on May 1st!! Omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow! 
Justin Bieber drunk singing sorry  and rocking out with fans at 1 oak nightclub November 14 2015 (3) 
Scott Walker scratching really deep to find some kind of data to spin to make his awful record look better 
@user Tony Blair started all this, now he has even more blood on his hands and his soul, may he burn in hell." 
I don't like hypocritical Jews and Christians and hypocritical Muslims too. May you all be thrown in the Blaze of Hell together amen. 
J. Coles verse in Black Friday was kinda disappointing but Kendrick killed it 
@user A threat or just willing to open her mouth.. reality falls out. Hardly Tony Blair Or, may it be added Jeremy Corbyn Marine Le Pen" 
"jason aldean just said to have a great weekend on tuesday night. what the fuck, not cool dawg." 
This may or may not be true but it doesn't change the fact that Hillary violated the law 
"Saudi security forces opened fire on Shia protesters in the tense Qatif district of Eastern Province on Friday,  Detail 
@user all is alright Dami... I was in the northeast at height of the Boko Haram challenges... Saw 1st hand the sufferings.. 
@user instead of watching Lorax pregame, try Friday Night Lights. Tim McGraw can beat the fumble out of you 
Congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth London tonight - suppose we'll see you in the education related protests soon #singlecell 
Red Sox game I have tickets to tonight may get rained out, same with AC/DC concert tomorrow night. Somebody give me some good news... 
MARKET WATCH: NYMEX crude oil prices slipped going into Labor Day - 
.@marklevinshow apparently Rick Perry is an idiot on the 14th Amendment as well. He needs a Levin intervention too. As bad as O'Reilly. 
"George Osborne: ""Sun will never shine again if Corbyn elected."" (Well, the Chancellor's defence comments are almost that stupid)." 
please please please STOP with the requests for Ice Cube's son &amp; DC Young Fly to star in a new Friday movie. 
"Joe Biden may join Bernie Sanders in the Democrat primary... I thought the Democrats were opposed to fossil fools!" ~ Emily Zanotti, 
So Meek just sat on his ass and didn't walk Nicki up to the stage?  #VMAs2015 
@user when you talk about Ben Carson please show him, not Jeb Bush like you did on your Thurs. Show. 
@user I’m not sure about what Evra is upto. I like Buttner. Should be given more games.Rafael cannot defend. We might see a buy in Jan 
"i want to log against Flipkart and Moto G 3rd generation, who is given certificate to sell the product in India ," 
Michael Dyer just may be the dumbest young man alive...smh 
Fraud fears as IEBC turns to old poll kit: The electoral commission on Wednesday said it will take measures to e... 
They may have a SuperBowl in Dallas, but Dallas ain’t winning a SuperBowl. Not with that quarterback and owner. @user @user 
..more tired than Kurt Cobain on his 3rd shot of heroin after doing sets every night this week but if i can find a spot tonight i'll go up.. 
"I may go off the grid till 11/7. """"Christians"""" keep driving me further from Christianity. Pregnancy after rape is science, not """"God’s will.""""" 
"Dustin Johnson having a complete meltdown on the 1st hole, on the green in 6 or 7 I've lost count. #PGAChampionship" 
@user  If you really want to help muslims you may try to destroy (Iran) instead of destroy (us), why you try to divide Sunni ?!!??" 
@user @user I haven't seen any evidence? On the 16th of October you pinned f#ck Israel? You sir are racist. 
"Your relationship may not be incest, Bobbi Kristina, but it sure is creepy as hell...... 
what u want from Muslims oh kaffir may Allah azza wa jall destroy you for your enmity towards Muslims. 
I’m not gon believe that Victor Cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside, no slot, and doesn’t disappear like he did Sunday 
@user Do you mean you come here or me go to you? I can only afford to go out 1 night cause i’m going to Amsterdam on Monday x 
@user @user I hope my iPhone gets service tonite to find out about DWTS cause I have no power from the storm. No tv no nuttin 
Kinda sucks that the AC/DC concert is tomorrow cause I can't wait to see them play, but I don't want to go to school 
"It's too bad the Red Sox didn't play this well in April, May, June, and July" 
It’s not a real Wednesday morning if there isnt a guy at the trolley stop throwing up into the creek... Margarita day got em 
"It's Sunday, Miss USA is on and all y'all want to tweet about are dicks." 
we still have to work the WVU game on saturday:/ thats going to be brutal. 
Kurt Cobain solo is not Nirvana! Nirvana is a four-piece! How dare you!? ;) 
Dana White coming off as an asshole telling Holm's camp about immediate rematch in July &amp; she can't fight Tate. Selfish. What else is new. 
"Anyone who thinks Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett are a weird pairing, may I remind you of David Bowie and Bing Crosby?" 
"What makes me sad is how tomorrow morning, the media is gonna portray Nicki as the stereotypical ""angry black woman"" &amp; make Miley the victim" 
FUCK! Either i get bit or i turn off my fucking PS4! I ain't finna sit thru Lee's death for the 2nd time! #PS4share 
Bad news, no Gibbs for Saturday. Unless we play TV5 at LB, we have lost before it’s started. Santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds 
@user could have fooled me. I thought the march was about trying to win back favour with workers... Cosatu is fast losing credibility 
So disappointed with the movie Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance. So not better than the 1st Ghost Rider movie 
@user haha did you hear on Friday when I like shouted fock me in a Liverpudlian accent xD Tate was just like -_- 
@user Revelations is the 2nd worst (1 was the worst) but III, for mine, is above I just because lots to do + naval battles 
@user @user England's Tony Blair is feeling like Bush and Cheney should be where he may be indicted.  They were illegal. 
Gay af just remembered I have to work early tomorrow lmao 
"CASHEE on Tuesday & Wednesday, math test on Thursday, an essay due Thursday too to top it all off rain all week! WTF!" 
@user Rodgers has been down by 9 + in the 2nd half a total of SEVEN times. What a worthless article 
Apparently the Charlie Hebdo attacks and the Friday the 13th Massacre happened in the same neighborhood in Paris. Bad neighborhood? 
Report: Steelers can’t find hotel, to travel Sun.: The Pittsburgh Steelers will fly to New York only hours before playing the Giants ... 
"Rick Perry May Not Have an Exit Strategy." I encourage all Perry supporters to read this. Get the story out there.  
Floyd Mayweather don't even come outside in may so how does he know what the weather is like. Fraud #MeekBeLike 
@user Awww now it’s not non-partisan, c’mon. I mean, David Letterman slaughtered Bill O’reilly? Not of fan of either but...no. 
Desperately trying to stick with Game of Thrones but 4 episodes into the 1st series and I'm losing interest rapid. 
Dual policy of LPG pricing not acceptable to public, suggestion is that govt. should rationalize the price which may be upto Rs. 600/- 
@user @user @user @user ya which plans lol? And btww amreen can't even come Friday to the MSA event she has a bday :( 
@user Chelsea poor form is attributed 2 Jose Mounrinh as he kept faith wid jst d 1st eleven widout putin confidence in his subs. #LHSC 
having the worst day and all I was looking forward to was Sam Smith tomorrow and I come from dance to find out ITS FUCKING CANCELLED 
Gavin Henson looks set to miss the Rugby World Cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday 
C'mon Kris Jenner... who do you think you are fooling? We all know you don't fucking cook ... Lmfao 
@user Why do Sky continue to emphasise the Real Madrid side of DeGea issue ? Have you joined the Man Utd haters at the Sun? 
"Harper trying to kiss up to Muslims now, after all the anti-Islam rhetoric during C51. I may throw up in my mouth a little." 
@user @user @user Gundogg not good enough! We have a work night Saturday in the four seasons, Roger Sanchez is playing at it! 
Did u hear about NY man convicted Friday of plot to kill Muslims? Media ignores threats vs Muslims My @user 
george osborne trolling us with dead children 
AUG 9TH St Practice Day. We haven't reached St Patrick's Day yet the snakes are still in Ireland - come in and get bitten! $4 Snake Bites 
@user went to QF with Kerry lad who before game hoped that dubs would not beat Kerry by a cricket score. Game over in 1st 10 mins cute 
"For the 2nd straight week, the Worst Start of the Week goes to @user after starting Russell Wilson (10 pts) over Phillip Rivers (25 pts)" 
@user Saudi Arabia is leading an airstrikes campaign in Yemen, the latest round of which killed at least 15 people on Monday." 
I NEED to see Justin tomorrow at the today show but I can't skip class :( 
@user as much as I hate to say it...Saurez, Ronaldo, Nani, Pires   I could go on and on he may have a point bruv. 
Anyone know where I can buy arolladora tickets? For pico Rivera? On the 14th?? WSS sold out:( 
"Tony Blair wants to write his own history, but he's the only one who believes the story as he tells it. 
".@lesleyabravanel yeah but this is from Jan 7. the Charlie Hebdo newspaper attack...cmon y'all, look a little harder!" 
"Please, TS. Don't make me dislike Hyung Jun just like how I dislike SOME of you -,-" 
If Tony Blair pipes up tomorrow someone shoot him. Actually maybe he should and that will turn the vote! 
"Scott Walker may be pandering to the party's lunatic fringe, but credit where it's due, he comes off as an actual lunatic." 
I always thought Michael Dyer & Isiah Crowell would play a big game in Nov for a conference title. Just didn't know it would be the SWAC. 
I'm all for exploring but this look like the island from Jurassic park lll I may have to skip  
@user @user @user BAD example she worked Th since January(&amp;her mom worked there4 35 yrs) BEFORE SCOTUS gave homos special rights 
@user @user wonder about the IRA's Bloody Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Friday and Saturday...Adam/McGuinness protected species?" 
We all know that Ike Taylor got the 3rd Top Player of the game for his SWAGGIN’ prowess only. #SNF 
3rd and goal at the 1 and Rivers throws a int. terrible pass by Rivers . Bad decisions cost u games. Geez half time Sd 10-3 
Make sure to check your sources if you're getting info from social media. Accidental references to Charlie Hebdo.  
John Kasich seems like he may be too level-headed to be a Republican. #GOPDebate 
Watched The Vow for the 5th time and I’m still tearing. What’s wrong with this movie. It’s tooo... omg i can’t even. 
@user You hate it because it was a call against your boyfriend James Franklin. Remember you had them ranked 15th!!! LOL 
If you are trying to pass off Thanksgiving Leftovers as Sunday Meals..you deserve an uppercut. We tired of that shit now 
Billy Gillispie is awful. Nothing's worse than him being your coach. Unless it's losing to him in the 2nd round of the 2007 NCAA Tournament. 
Carles Puyol will miss the El Clasico against Real Madrid on Sunday after dislocating his left elbow yesterday. #LaLiga #LigaBBVA #FCB #RMFC 
"Unlucky! Now, what's the word I'm looking for to describe Chris Maguire after this confession? 
Influenced by Rahul Gandhi. All from Kalam family may not be the same. e.g.Rahul Gandhi. - 
RT @user @user The 1st gay president AND the 1st Dope Head President Can't wait for photo of him sucking on a doogie" 
I may not like Sydney dalton all that much but she fucking met Harry and Niall m e t  t h e m 
Book Depository may be cheap but the inferior printing quality of some of their products is almost not worth it. 
"I'm taking a piss 2 minutes before seeing ""Ant-Man"" &amp; suddenly this old guy just randomly spoils the 1st post-credits sting for me." 
"Gators can't get caught looking ahead to March: So tell me, when does the NCAA Tournament start? 
@user #Catholicchurch required Jews to become Catholics during the 2nd world war, should do the same to Muslims." 
Bobby Jindal comes off as a White Supremacist with a sun tan. 
An Amazon delivery on a Sunday is as unpredictable as Arsenal on transfer deadline day. 
NEED to go see Lana Del Rey in May but i’m pretty sure i’ll be busy with exams then :( 
yeah. its just that the other day my feed was plastered with hate to briana and I did 
We’re experiencing some issues with Fuel TV (Ch 39). Should be back up Friday or Monday. 
"Starting to bother me when people say ""but it's David Price"" when it comes to pitch counts. Don't want to burn him out before October." 
@user @user @user  Harper will be at 20% or less on Oct 19.Jenni Byrne is merely a symptom of the problem #cdnpoli #onpoli 
@user lol right like bitch did we see stories about Ice Cube being in a classic movie Friday nshit NO it's not a EE documentary 
"Sadly, the BJP may still find itself on the backfoot next elections despite best efforts by Rahul Gandhi" 
Rahul Gandhi inherited his stupidity from his mother- she gives the impression ! 
Ugh had ISS today , gonna have it tomorrow too -_- #gay 
@user @user May Allah disgrace you you little fool. You share info on Muslims like this? 
Why is it so hard to find the @user these days? Went to 3 stores for the Castle cover issue. NONE. Will search again tomorrow... 
@user @user We’re not sure if Pottstown is having Halloween. Borough Hall phone is out of order. Nearby Limerick, PA having it Fri. 
Is it sad that if I didn't have Pom on Thursday I would go and see Catelynn and Tyler from teen mom speak? 
why is the sun out???? where is frank ocean????? why do I have no plans for tonight????????? 
Hank Williams & whisky in an empty bar on a Friday.  Really?  I'm that guy now.  Fuck.  Cute bartender but she chats with an off duty one 
Mexico's totally destroyed the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am to be speaking here for free! 
David Cameron, The Sun and The Daily Mail make me physically sick. 
Bobby Jindal's goofy J looks like a patriotic bubble pipe I'd use as a kid on the Fourth of July. #GOPClownCar 
Those who say Ahmediya is true Islam are ignorant. May Allah Pak show them the right path #AhmadiyyaIsNotIslam 
IRA jailed for life for murder serves only two years and walks free because of good Friday agreement victims forgot about wont see justice 
"Due to cancellation of the Great Yorkshire Show, Harrogate HWRC will now be open tomorrow. For more information visit 
#MichaelJackson died in the care of Conrad Murray a whole #83Minutes before Murray called 911.The TRUTH coming Thurs  
"Aside from all this ESPN bullshit, Who do you guys think will have a good game on Thursday, ASIDE from Tom Brady" 
I got an iced coffee from Dunkin donuts this morning and it literally tasted like sink water and it ruined my whole Thursday 
"Carly Fiorina: now 3rd/4th place in most IA polling, not going to be allowed into the CNN debate because LOL MAY/JUNE POLLING MATTERS." 
Obama's new book title: "40 years in the lap of Erdogan: How I helped Islamo-fascists kill innocent people"  
@user If the Communist @user likes Donald Trump, I may have to rethink things. 
@user ..Catelynn, Tyler, April.. now Farrah is on, she's so hateful!" 
You are out of luck if you want to go to the BNP Paribas Open on Saturday as tickets are not available. Same for Sunday day session #bnppo12 
@user   Primitive scum the lot of you....one no better than the other...if Islam is the cause, may Islam burn" 
School tomorrow more like fuck you. 
"Carly Fiorina isn't the 1st person 2 Xpose #HillaryClinton as Corrupt Liar, but it seems the press only cares 2 give a women any PC coverage" 
I told someone about how I once sat on the floor of my hotel room and watched Seinfeld for hours and they threatened to punch me. 
You may dislike Floyd Mayweather but he never took a loss like this.. 
The problem with America is not the politicians. It's the Christians that won't come to Sunday night church and Saturday soul winning. 
Kpop may be known in US and UK but here in Belgium we have NEVER heard of it before. 
@user @user Reminded you of Arsenal's traditional Februray-April breakdown? Get off your high horse... 
@user they all served and died under the crown.right and proper the anthem is sung.sdlp trying to make 11th include IRA men. 
@user still havnt got my 6months netflix subscription from the 28th of august.... 
Mavs couldn’t withstand the 3rd quarter by the Jazz. Maybe a little fatigue from a back to back? #WorkToDo 
I bet you won’t power clean Mettenbergers unconscious body after you sack him Saturday! Roll Tide @user 
How is sarah Palin still in politics. She was and still is the embarrassment of the Gop, but she may be out done by some douche &amp; his toupee 
Sara McMann i delusional.. She says the 3rd Tate fight makes but then wants a rematch herself. UFC won't waste a Rousey fight on McMann 
Tanzania 0-0 Nigeria Chad 1-5 Egypt  Sunday Oliseh's first game in charge of the Super Eagles disappointedly... 
Wish Bobby Jindal was there when asked about God because he may have performed a live exorcism on Trumps hair.  #GOPDebate 
You know you're a fag when you listen to music from naruto on Monday nights 
"Jeremy Corbyn poses national security threat, says George Osborne He certainly threatens the United Kingdom of Zion" 
"And I thought he was a relativist. ""Kerry sees 'rationale' in Charlie Hebdo murders, unlike Friday's attacks in Paris""" 
"Extremely jealous of Owain's day off tomorrow, I hate Sundays!" 
For the 1st time @user has a "High Startup impact"   Does anyone at @user have a clue? #Windows10Fail 
@user @user don’t you worry will still win saturday and bolton will lose #cpfc 
In the paparazzi video where they take cliche for the sun you can clearly see Louis not realising that there's Briana behind him 
Someone may want to let Sarah Palin know that American is a nationality, while English is a language. 
The storm will be moving inland to CNY tomorrow. That’s when I’ll get worried about my family. Living right on Oneida Lake. 
@user the surprise genderbent release to celebrate Twilight's 10th anniversary. The one that reinforced gender stereotypes... 
Project in March or whenever the fuck I feel like I should playing Dark Souls and focus. 
@user and barely any news about it. Here is what they did little media coverage compared to Charlie Hebdo 
Not funny because it may be true and it certainly won't save your parents. But it is Batman @user @user 
@user @user I saw that the other day.Maybe with more time on Monday we can get more into it.. That damn Erdogan! Hope it blows up in 
The 1979 islamist revolution in Iran created a hijab law. We're blinded by the fact's clarity. @user @user 
#Climate - 'cutting it close' : A Warning from Islam by Bill McKibben via @user @user @user @user 
Trent Richardson is the bad-weather back the Cleveland Browns have long needed: Bill Livingston’s Mon... #cleveland 
@user @user what are you on about, you post a fake pic of IRA, I post a real pic of English soldiers during bloody sunday" 
@user @user Knott's doesn't have a corporate media empire like Universal does. They may just add more stuff to the hanging now 
@user such a foolish thought. Santorum and Palin would start a primary challenge in March. Depends on Congress some but EO first day. 
After 75 minutes of being on hold with @user in India 1-800-936-5700 "Adrian" wants to transfer my call again (3rd time) #Windows10Fail 
@user Hi Greg. My daughter missed a call on Friday (Star Caller) from The Vamps. She is devastated. Any chance of them doing it again?x 
It absolutely bothers the Liberals that SCOTUS ruled the 1st amendment applies to campaign cash as founder's intended! @user #PJNET #P2 
Steve Emerson interview on shameful US response to Islamist Riots on Sun TV :: IPT in the News :: The Investigat... via 
Chuck Norris was born of the Greek gods Ares and Hermes in a grand session of buttsecks that may never be equaled. 
"After that horrendous performance by Romero on sunday, Manchester United had no choice than to stall the DDG move to Real Madrid!" 
Did it EVER occur to anyone Monsanto may be executing honey bees w/ poison "ROUND UP" to CONTROL food supply by limiting natural foods?? 
Why is Stone Cold on the cover of #WWE2K16? He's hardly ever on anymore. Seth Rollins would be better. This may declare a no buy for me! 
Saudi Arabia lines up 34 Muslim nations in anti-terror coalition May be ARABIA going to create MORE ISLAMIC STATE ??? 
Step 1: Put media-loving Petraeus in a job where he can't talk (much). Step 2: Absolutely crush him in 1st available controversy. Slick. 
@user let's not consider how awful tomorrow's commute with the additional Foo Fighters traffic will be #blissfulignorance 
You know you have a Dunkin problem when the girl hands you your things and says 'see you tomorrow!' 
How can Tony Blair get invited at 'Remembrance' Sunday and there was no invite for the Merchant Navy by David Cameron ? 'Disgusting'! 
@user come on C4 revamp it there, TF1 Sunday with Chris Evans? Please no. I'll just watch the full races and nowTV the good Sky ones." 
News in on John Cena possibility hurt at a live event.. Looks like he may have re-injured his nose. Hopefully the rumor is false #wwe #Cena 
rap mon and suga sampling swimming pools by kendrick is by far the weirdest shit i have seen 
My oenni keeps asking me whether i want any SJ stuffs. She's now in Seoul and we'll be back two days after tomorrow.Osh so confused 
Is this the end for Rick Perry? If 2011 hasn't taught him anything, he may as well campaign his way out of Federal #LOCKUP !! AND #LOSE!! 
all the jerks who signed petitions for mercy for Yakub have ensured he doesnt go out for them .. No?  
"Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges, good get that experiment out of here I'm sick of looking at it" 
Literally just laying here watching cat videos and the Rousey fight instead of sleeping...tomorrow's gonna suck. 
"Parents left this morning for Italy, it's 35c there, gutted i'm not going with them! #couldbebythebeach" 
"Nope. So-called ""Christians"" like yourself denying the equal protection of the law under the 14th Amendment. @user 
@user @user That was after the Good Friday Agreement. Their links go back to when the IRA was murdering and maiming. 
@user Except according to that Bible you ""Christians"" love, she is still committing adultery by not being married to her 1st husband." 
@user @user @user he recently said may never be like Messi or cr7 
#SalmanBeingIgnorant Yakub's hanging may be shadowy but what concern is the people who actually planted the bomb got less punishment 
What if we make a celebrity death match between Bruce Jenner vs Caitlyn Jenner??..... #OfficeTalk #Monday #Hollywood 
@user lmao. I only miss the jokes and what not. Walking in the sun was shit! And that bitch Candy Cane is still missin! 
"..the ""cuddly muslim"" Eid stories that are about to flood the soaps won't mention any of this&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
We started losing America when the 1st liberal preacher began saying, Negros had souls that could be saved,, see Lev 25:44 thru 46 
@user i'm more upset by the racist, stereotypical shit that every fucking store under the sun sells around St. Patrick's day." 
Game plan for the 2nd half. Don't pass it to Asiata. 
December is almost here with us. Still no Frank Ocean album. But Boys Don't Cry. They don't give a fuck. 
SOAK may have overtaken Sam Smith as the shittest artist currently in the charts 
@user Yakub's guilt has been proved &amp; pardon plea rejected. Why should a sane man spk it now. Excusing pseudo-innocent may encourage criminal 
do you ever just cry on a daily basis bc of how fat and ugly u are and the fact that u may never meet niall harry louis liam and zayn hurts 
@user In 5th grade I fell down some stairs, fractured my left leg, got a concussion. The next day I bought the full Twilight series" 
I hated Tata Martino in Barca and I can't stand him coaching Argentina! Even though it's a friendly no reason to play 5 defenders in 1st 45 
@user your employees at 6th and 14th in NYC need an attitude adjustment, going across the street to Dunkin where they won't be rude" 
@user @user could say Moya did the same thing with worrying comment that Atleti's place is 3rd or 4th. I was displeased indeed 
Cliff Avril leaves Detroit Lions game with back injury: Detroit Lions defensive end Cliff Avril left Sunday’s game... 
Star Wars visionary becomes one with the Force: Artist dies at 82 Star Wars conceptual artist Ralph McQuarrie, w... 
@user Chesters tomorrow for the match with me and shoddy you cool motherfucker? 
@user I'm supposed to be fling out to Sharm on Tuesday. I'm fed up of this. I went to Paris a few days after the Charlie Hebdo attack 
WTF. So now we have to wait til friggin’ JANUARY for the next episode of Pretty Little Liars. What is this?! 
Rick Perry needs to stop bragging about governing the "12th largest economy in the world" like Texas has its own Federal Reserve System. 
So cynical of the electoral board to make preparations for snap polls on Nov. 1 as Pres. Erdogan refuses to give gov-forming mandate to CHP. 
@user @user @user @user Please explain why you support Monsanto! 
Hot Mess Monday! I'm feeling it! #runninglate #crazyday #blah #happymonday #lovemylife 
@user @user ""oh Milan just texted me. OHHH aw no she can't come ova Monday!"" Literally a direct quote" 
"Islam, please take your fictional, murderous, nonsense, and poke it where the sun don't shine! We the people, aren't interested in bullshit!" 
QB Printers didnt start. WR Avery starts and scores on 1st poss. 27-31 @user down to the Wichita Wild 
Dressing ghetto tomorrow with my Nike sandals no socks looks like gotta cut my toe nails 
ANT-MAN was the 1st time I didn't stay for a Marvel film's post credits scene. The film was just one big teaser. Didn't need to see another. 
I know most of us #LFC fans hate him, but would we take Torres back for 10 million to play with Suarez up front in January ?? 
"Fresh off a Republican debate heavily focused on national security concerns, Donald Trump on Wednesday slammed the Iran nuclear deal that" 
@user lux was super dry even with Lebron & Saturday I went to Cafe Asia, super lame!!! I'm getting too old for this shit" 
not a damn thing went the way of the Red Sox tonight and that's baseball and that's life.   win the series tomorrow. 
My guess is that the Huntsman endorsement is a negative in the 4th District race. #utpol 
Nicki is always feuding with somebody. Lil Kim, Mariah Carey, Iggy Azalea, Taylor Swift, now Miley Cyrus... I like her but c'mon 
Movie idea: Blade VS Twilight Besides fire and their gay sparkles in the sun we don't know any weakness. Can't starve them either 
I never thought Kanye West announcing a crack at the presidency would be the 2nd most bizarre story of the day 
So the U.S.  will be at around $20 trillion in debt by the time Obama leaves the White House..  
Scott Walker said Sunday he is open to building a wall on the U.S. border with Canada. (Idiot) #tcot 
"#theFrontPage If the presidency has given a December target to eradicate Boko Haram, it's realistic if they target their top leaders @user 
"Sadly for them, the person who came 3rd in last night's GBBO final has dropped into the Europa League." 
I lost the 7th Harry Potter book....  I'm legit crying now  this is my childhood 
vote Jessica McGinnis 11th grade homecoming princess and I will personally try to slap Donald Trump in the face 
ugh why everyone going to Athens Saturday night. go Friday! 
Never been a Kerry fan but may they hammer 7 shites into Dublin and wipe the smile off their smug little faces! 
Missouri Health Dept May be Allowing Planned Parenthood to Break the Law to Do Abortions 
Planned Parenthood is WORLDWIDE. They have been Killing our babies by DESIGN as the plan was to send in #illegals / #refugees from 3rd world 
First it turns out Meek Mill is an Arsenal fan, now this. I'm finding a new club. This is a Barcelona account now. 
PS4 is a great system but it keeps ejecting my disc and I get short tempered...will definitely hang onto it but may snag an Xbox one 
Activists demand release of Jharkhand tribal leader: New Delhi, Nov 1 (IANS) Condemning the arrest of woman trib... 
Well, it looks like the Winter Classic will be cancelled tomorrow, barring a last minute agreement. 
RT @user Republicans spawned Teabaggers-who are proud global terrorists-they trashed the world economies today including US  ... 
"It's a Monday, I'm in Muskoka, yet I'm not going to The Kee for Resort Night. What the fuck is happening?" 
"Wow! Just heard Awful News Emanuel Steward died, rest in peace to one of the truly great trainers of all time. You'll be missed Sat Nights" 
"6am whilst at work may not have been best time to listen for the first time, but not completely feeling the new Iron Maiden just yet :-/" 
Kirko Bangz is the weakest nigga in the game i smoke weed with that nigga in 8th grade off  edgebrook i thought he was lame then n still do 
@user @user Disastrous? Gore was asking a State Court to violate the 12th Amendment, the SCOTUS stopped them. You disapprove? 
Don't get derby tonight :'( Possibly get my man though so that makes it not so bad =] 
@user Just leaves me in tears - Charlie Hebdo was just in January. This is insane. 
I really feel like poor planning was involved in whatever it was that made Ash Wednesday and National Margarita Day collide 
@user Now you know how I feel when I was at Riot Fest. Wait until you feel your knees and ankles tomorrow. XP 
If Plant City didn’t have a staples i don’t know what i would do with my Friday nights. 
@user Trick or Treat: Wants Georgia voters to forget she's a Democrat and Sam Nunn's daughter until after Halloween, oops Nov 4" 
Watched Paper Towns on Saturday and I'm still very disappointed with the movie 
I don't know if there's a greater indictment of the current GOP than it violating Reagan's 11th Commandment to attack Christie. What a joke. 
Hulk Hogan may have made some racist remarks.  On a larger note he made his no-talent behemoth of a daughter famous. 
2Nd the fuck of all Georgetown has been running this same offense for like 10 years. These muthafuckas can't even win the Big East 
@user I condemned both the measures but relating it to religion is cheap. If done in Jan then Holi, if done now, then Diwali" 
Lost the game, lost my iPod, and lost my brand new half sleeve. This was a terrible ass Saturday. 
"Thinking of Paris, thinking of everyone in France tonight. Charlie Hebdo in January and now this. This is unacceptable." 
Wake up to not really caring that Kris Bryant hit a walk off. Caring that the Cubs gave up 4 stinking runs in the top of the 9th. 
"It's Grateful Dead night at the stadium tomorrow. I don't think anybody's grateful for that." -Mike Shannon #MoonMan 
There's a fuckin sickness bug going around my family and I swear to god if I'm ill tomorrow I'll be spewing in the crowd at Foo Fighters. 
Another nail in the coffin to Jay-z failure 'Tidal' as Cash Money sues for $50m over Lil Wanker's album @user 
registering for my ACT’s and SAT’s at the last minute -____- I am so tired 
stupid cable took the CW Network away why?it better be back by october 11th if not we are going to have a problem lol #tvd 
may i just say the lighting in Sharknado 3 could use a little work????? 
'BBC warned George Osborne it would have to axe BBC2 and BBC4 due to cuts' via @user 
@user WRONG. you need to fact check. Paris is on lockdown, bruh. This photo is after Charlie Hebdo in January." 
I am not interested in Hayden solving who shot her. But I just sat and watch Curtis like everything he said was the written word. Lawd! #GH 
"What a shower of a club Real Madrid is.Unsettle DDG,try to get him on the cheap at the 11th hour then fuck up the admin." 
And as the usual suspects try to manufacture another invitation to dehumanise Muslims you really need to watch this. 
So that's why a few of my recent Iran opeds got turned down by the NYT. I forgot to add more on IRGC's soft side. 
just dmd Rebecca black the lyrics to Friday to annoy the shit out of her &lt;3 
Anybody at the Trib: where is Ike Taylor’s Friday column? Sucks I can’t find it. First one I’ve actually looked forward to reading. 
@user 1st, islam is an ideologie and not a race, 2nd, It is a mono ideologie that rejects - destroys all the others! Wake up!" 
"Chris Christie thinks talk of the 4th Amendment is ""hot air""? He puts the ""big"" in Big Brother." 
"Murray in real trouble now, down a break in the 3rd #USOpen Looking angry and frustrated" 
Its not about the money and player. Its about Moral &amp; club. We fucked up Real Madrid &amp; that's enough. De Gea can join tomorrow. Don't care. 
U know Hillary is panicking when Chelsea Clinton will be speaking at the Amy Schumer show in Boston this Friday. 
@user Rodgers makes no memorable plays. By the host. Same QB who won the division on a 4th down heave in the last seconds. 
Amazon Prime day is pretty much a bust at this point. Black Friday, its up to you to save us. 
Sometimes google scares the crap out of me 
@user I know dude Iona is 15 mins away and they're closed through monday. Its not like there isn't just cause to cancel. 
@user haha. You know i cant deal with athens after last saturday. Hear their ignorant asses talk about the game. Lord help me 
I really thought HISD didn’t have school tomorrow because it was Christopher Columbus day. 
Dana gets two false starts called on them trying to punt, 3rd one gets returned to their 18. Laguna Hills scores with 30 sec left, up 31-27 
Sharknado 3 may have overdone it just a little bit. And that's saying something for a Sharknado movie. 
There you have it! Enabled by the lefts anti-Israel/semitism and Islam on the march- what a deadly combo 4 Israel 
Uh oh..just turned on Cardinals game...1st thing I see State Farm commercial with Kerry Wood..not a good sign for #Cardinals 
Missing hooters,my husband,my life,my photoshoot tomorrow,guess I’m gonna drink this bottle of wine with a Xanax and pass the fuck out. #bye 
"Everyday I'm like """"shit is it the 17th yet!? Did I miss the Kiryu project!?"""" &gt;&lt;" 
@user @user @user as sick as it may sound, I hope Kane gets the indefinite suspension and Hawks get cap relief" 
the thing is we don't know if that really is briana and plus the article was posted by a French site that's the equivalent of the sun 
@user ano it was Chelsea when they lost and MUFC when they lost last night! Can’t see Pardew saying about Suarez if lfc win Sunday 
Huh?! Holm isn't ready. Nothing in her previous fights makes me think she can beat Rousey. 
@user Super Eagles performance was lacklustre &amp; disappointing. We may not qualify if the 'Guardiola of Africa' doesnt select well 
Murray's in major crisis here - 5 - 1 down in the 2nd set after losing the 1st! scenes!! 
"Did the sun even be bother to get up today? Desperate for a holiday tho, even if it is in a frozen twilight ._." 
The comments by Tony Windsor saying he hoped Muslims would kill an Australian citizen needs a complete apol 2 Aust.  
Somebody braiding my hair tomorrow Idc who but if it doesn’t look good I’m taking it out 
"Maybe going out on Thurs, Fri, Sat nights is a bit harder than I thought when I also work tues, wed, thur, fri, sat, sun, mon, tues...." 
White Sox are lowest scoring team in the American League 
"ppl always like  """"OMG I fucking hate TVD now""""  But there they sit every Thursday In front of their TVs 20 min before the episode starts" 
I wish I was in Bolton tonight :( 
@user @user I'm starting to think he is for gay marriage.  he wouldn't stand with Kim Davis.  I may stop my support 
@user That's last weeks chart, this week's chart is coming tomorrow. They didn't post it today because of Labor Day. 
If you say you're lesbian but you can't be friends with straight guys because you are afraid of what may happen between y'all. YOU AINT GAY! 
"Your plans of attending the Great Yorkshire Show may have been washed out because of the weather, so how about... 
I DO NOT want a repeat of strawberry festival bus ride home from buckwheat this Friday. @user 
By the way Tia Sharp was buried today You may have failed to notice in all the fuss over a dumb posh tart getting her tits out. 
That @user ride along with Les Miles was the most awkward piece of television ever. 2nd place is this HELLO piece. 
no diff from @user with BitLocker =at some point, platforms should provide data at rest encryption built in 
extra point is no good. Its DSU 28, Morgan State 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter. 
Cole clearly said him and Kendrick aren't doing anything. So whatever he's dropping in February isn't what you think. 
Once again Democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market...whatever happens there can be no blank check! 
"Charlie Hebdo may quite rightly enjoy freedom of speech, but to mock the deaths of over 200 people? I think they have crossed a line" 
"Lol the same Sam Smith song has played 3 times already, if it plays for a 4th I will scratch someone's eyes out" 
"Let me tell you two things that don't mix: Tuesday night Eagles of Death Metal gig, and Wednesday morning 8.00am meeting #SleepyFlora" 
Somalia: the 2nd most dangerous country on Earth for Christians. Pray for #ThePersecutedChurch 
Dark Souls series being the exception.  After my 8th NG+ in Demon's Souls I realized it just wasn't worth the stress. 
I guess Knicks/Heat is on for now. Pretty clear that tomorrow’s game wasn’t going to happen. 
@user people are no longer in the dark, SM has changed the political landscape forever! Hillary can't hide anymore 
November 21 in the lonely hour tour.. OKAY SAM SMITH OKAY!!!! :-(((( TAPOS SOLD OUT PA OKAY!!!!! OKAY LANG TALAGA 
@user haha ""the thing is good sir, tomorrow Caitlyn Jenner will be a woman, but you will still be an idiot."" 
"Why can't people just accept that Louis got Briana pregnant, end of story, move on  
People not wearing pink tomorrow is gonna be like not wearing green on St. Patrick's day #youregettingpinched #orpunched 
@user @user that may lower his rank in the mcgeezers he will go down to the D league 
"Watching TFI Friday, WTF has Chris Evans done, has he had surgery? Just doesn't look right, grow old gracefully fella!!" 
I like Trey Burke but I think pre-season 1st team all-american is a bit over the top. 
Rahul Gandhi and soniya have a mon mon policy for the big problems to escap Fresh khaiye juban pe lagam lagaiye 
"Dunkin' Donuts, you were such a huge disappointment to my taste buds that I had to walk over to a nearby Taco Bell to get a 2nd breakfast." 
Please stop acting how if you were a Mariah Carey update account. 
Eww Lady GaGa is at The Femme Fatale Tour tonight. Don't be surprised if you see GaGa using Britney's props on her next tour lol 
Im so upset i dont get to see shawn on tuesday like hes my everyythingg(besides nash cam and twins) and im just really sad:( 
#bbcsp Those in favour of bombing ISIL should remember the massive boost to IRA recruitment that Bloody Sunday did.. 
Magic Mike XXL is probably the single cringiest film I've ever sat through at the cinema. 
I just hope they don't start asking Camila questions about dating Shawn on Sunday's because it starts all this unnecessary drama 
3rd Mariah song of the night and NOOOOOOOOO. THAT WAS SO BAD. #XFactor 
@user you staying up for Monday’s game. Don’t fancy our chances with Krul, colo and Tiote missing 
@user RT Why does Steve Jobs hate you your link ""Cars perform ""My Best Friend's Girl"" needs flash to play" 
You mean I have wait until SHARKNADO 4 to know what happened to April?! This is bullcrap! Bullcrap I tell you! Ahhhh!!! #Sharknado3 
Death to the Dictator! Iran's 2009 Election by Afsaneh Moqadam HARDCOVER 1st NEW 
@user @user @user there may not be.. But why when I'm 3-0 up 10 mins left, it turns 3-1, I break, vermalen outpaces ronaldo." 
world war 3 has been going on in my house since Monday. How long do these things usually last? 
@user since yesterday unable restore vinculated accounts of hotmail,3 of them..whats the matter with Microsoft?" 
@user this is the 3rd one. Check Sharknado and Sharknado 2 too. XD it's horrible that it's hilarious. This is a really bad movie. 
"For all the talk of Russell Wilson's greatness, Seattle's passing offense is 31st in league. 
Asif got to enrole at college tomorrow at like 9:( takin the piss 
"David Wright may be back, but deGrom looks really bad right now. The Mets should be taking 3 out of the next 4... 
"Momma cried during the #SFGiants pre-game ceremony when they declared June 13th """"Matt Cain Day"""". I havent met anyone more emotional than her" 
they actually went out just this January after the shooting at Charlie  Hebdo which makes today harder #PrayForParis 
Tomorrow Shawn is going to be an hour away from me and I can't go see him my heart hurts 
"Yup. Great quote @user : ""He who is w/o sin cast the 1st stone."" Racist Hulk Hogan Rant...WWE, Gawker &amp; U! 
Drexel classes are cancelled monday and tuesday..now I just need work to be cancelled.. 
Matt Flynn May Never Play Quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks | Bleacher Report via @user @user 
@user @user a stupid article .Beth Lehem is under the PA ruling. How come u put it at the 1st place and blame Israel 4 it ? 
Cliff Avril leaves Detroit Lions game with back injury: Detroit Lions defensive end Cliff Avril left Sunday’s ga... 
They may be mean but I guess they're not stupid...free TED but you have to pay for Amy Schumer - most unimpressed. 
Morning from #Woking where it is a dull start but hoping for sun to break through later. Couldn't stay up for end of Murray's match. :( 
If you thought the London Riots were bad just wait til the Mexico City Riots break out once they get word Lopez Tonight got cancelled 
"February, and finding their declining the time with your secrecy; and the same kind wishes with Justin Bieber could not feel," 
Rick Perry may have to drop out of the race, before one vote is cast, because he has run out of money. I have mixed feelings about that. 
tbh if tomorrow ppl start going after Nicki for what she said im gonna be pissed 
#GoTexans v. the dirty #Jets football team on MNF tonight - 
Dean Ambrose's new shirt may be the worst shirt in history. 
This Sunday New York Giants are going down. #Steelers 
I may do a 30-mile bike ride for the Giants on weds cause you know Caltrain is going to suck more than the Cardinals. 
It seems the rest of my life may just be convincing people to watch Ant-Man with me. 
If you see someone getting pummeled to the ground in Digi tomorrow it'll be me chinning @user cause she's a fucking cheeky cunt 
Misleading headline. But may this divided ANC-house soon fall. -&gt; 'Boko Haram' make a bid for Limpopo 
Give me 5 mins with Candy the dancer from Deja Vu I’m nutting on my 4th pump she that bad lol 
@user  you bring all kids of MUSLIMS here to the USA but the Christians being slaughtered by Isis YOU leave to die!! MAY GOD FORGIVE YOU!! 
Promised to take my niece to AC/DC tomorrow.  Soooo not in the mood now. 
Will the Tory cabinet take advantage of George Osborne's brother who has free time now he's been suspended as a psychiatrist for 2nd time? 
THE NFL NEEDS A NEW CEO. Some bookie apparently wanted to shut down the Patriots &amp; made up some B.S. on Tom Brady 
Was there ever any doubt that the Democrats would march in lockstep with Obama rather than their constituents? 
Sunderland have some shit fans! They all were going home with 10 mins of the game left. Demba Ba still 2nd top scorer #lalas #smb 
Guys will think twice about bringing their familiesGiants owner said Cowboys will get disease fir 
2nd Place again.  How could it happen?  #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga 
@user  It is the 6th straight 1st ROUND SUBMISSION not 6th straight 1st minute KO, Miesha Tate did go 4:00+ with her. Get it right! 
Amazon Prime Day is a bust. This was going to replace Black Friday? Now I feel justified in sleeping through "sales." #AmazonPrimeDay 
Sad that the new episode for Naruto on thurs is basically a filler again 
"Internet crashed again?  for the 14th time tonight?   DARK SOULS (which I'm playing alone, single player) froze again?  COME ON" 
I'm crushed "It's a hoax: Jay-Z and Beyonce aren't trying to buy rights to the Confederate flag via @user 
Have tickets for Great Yorkshire Show on Thursday - very disappointed with this weather! 
@user She has the right to disagree. I hate Madonna! But don't think she should be stopped singing her shitty songs. 1st amendment, bro! 
@user I know for sure that Briana's baby is NOT Louis' ! He may have had sex with her but she did also with someone else sooo..m 
"Finding it bizarre how they keep having the Undertaker beat the shit out of Brock Lesnar, if he wins on Sunday I'll find it hard to stomach." 
@user Ev, u went from 3rd in the east to not making the playoffs, Deron will miss 2-4 days of practice lol" 
@user why ABP is telecasting Yakub family interview.  It is to get the sympathy.  ABP may be hanged along with YAKUB 
Planned Parenthood to give out free handguns with all abortions effective September 1st. 
"hope i get to catch Monday Night Football tonight, havent got to see a game yet.....it's only preseason wk1, but feel like ive missed a lot" 
Saudi Arabia hospital fire: 25 killed and over 100 injured 24 December 2015 From the section Middle East Image... 
I went to class with no paper on Monday so I had to write the notes inside my book.. That's why there shouldn't be class on Labor Day 
Danny Boyle 'in grief' after David Bowie says no to musical - don't do it @user so proud ! 
"Peyton Manning ......... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! If Curtis Painter is starting on Sunday, I am going to lose my shit." 
Oh wait if George Osborne gets shipped out to space on the B ark from Douglas Adams’ book, he’s going to demand an upgrade to 1st class... 
@user @user All the Beverly Hillbilly Cast, Granny Hillary, Jeb bush, jethro boehner, eli may ?,  banker Barak. 
i wanna go to digi in Houston but my mom said she refuses to give me 50 bucks.. looks like i need a job before sept 9th 
I gave $2200 to the Santorum campaign. Put me in debt. Romney gets my vote anyway  though. 3rd party people just don’t get how bad BHO is. 
@user Does anyone else find it odd #McCann jumped on April Jones bandwagon,but didnt say  word about Tia Sharp where FAMILY involved ?" 
"Niall posts three pictures in a day. None of them are of him. Tuesday, why are you so cruel?" 
"If Danny Elfman, John Williams &amp; Walter Murphy all died tomorrow, who would write all the film scores for Hollywood?!" 
#UPI Turkey's Erdogan: peace with Kurds "impossible": Ed AdamczykANKARA, Turkey, July 28 (UPI) -- Turkish Pres... 
Jenson Button may be worrying about keeping his number one place in the McLaren team - 
"We get it, Randy Orton &amp; Sheamus dont like each other, this is the 4th time within 3 weeks." 
TOI Israel admits 1988 killing of Arafat’s deputy: Israel for the first time on Thursday admitted responsibility... 
I'm so sad it's still not Tuesday yet because I want to watch @user on Styled To Rock! 
@user yeah I loved the 1st film and book. Was disappointed with Jurassic World (but I seem to be in a minority) 
Honestly I don think im gonna be able to look at ms rodgers without getting mad tomorrow...and she WILL make fun of me anf mr ehlers ughh 
Kim Kardashian may have no talent, but she's a business woman. Michelle Obama dont got talent. She was just that wife on the come up 
@user and I sat next to Ryan Braun at the bar last night.  It wasn't that awesome. 
"Jeff Foxworthy on Muslims: 1. If you grow and refine heroin for a living, but you have a moral objection to liquor, You may be a Muslim." 
Just heard the news about Nicole Scherzinger and Ed Sheeran splitting up. Another perfectly good Bank Holiday Monday ruined. 
i miss my bestfriend,Octaveia, my cousin ,April .. my bestie,Kaliyah, Tricey, Dasia,Mikia,& the other people i miss with at Richwood !! 
Justin Is lost in the 1st minute. No experience #elxn42 
@user sorry babe am off it till laidback Luke then after that black Friday haha xxx 
@user I am very seriously injerd in a road Accident 2nd day of Eid with my sweet sis :-( 
Ghost Rider 2 is out on Monday. Ignore it. 
"Sigh, Hulk Hogan is in the news again for the wrong reasons. 
.@EndGenocideDan | Attacks against #Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar threaten to escalate ahead of the November poll. 
what's wrong with society? what's wrong is people like you. ignorant. I'm disgusted. Kanye West may be unqualified+ 
Come on iona just cancel class for tomorrow already 
"#Soccer Real Madrid didn't make a patented galactico signing, but the may have nearly lost their No. 1 galacti... 
Everyone's excited for Paper Towns releasing tomorrow but take it from me the movie was absolutely horrible 
"Foo Fighters - Low (Requested by a Fan with a Sign) Aug 25 2015 omfg.. next show ill have a sign saying ""LET IT DIE""  
@user That may explain the problem we're having with Muslims fundamentalists. 
Yakub financed the blasts and died but his brother did not care enough for him.  Tiger did not come and surrender  t 
Curtis can take her essay and shove it where the sun doesn't shine #finalsweek 
Pissed bc I fell asleep watching Netflix without my WiFi turned on and now I only have 90% of my data left and it restarts the 20th 
We may as well be part of China the day Kanye West gets to the White House.  
I remember when I had twitter jail on a football Sunday during the Cowboys game. The game wasn’t even halfway done #HatedIt 
Turkey is pretending to fight ISIS but target Kurds! Erdogan wants to eliminated them like Turkey did with Armenians 
@user *I sat in my cell after my little chat with Odin. I was to sit and rot while Thor ruled Asgard. How disgusted I felt. I heard~ 
Them as wish to know more about Christians and other persecuted minorities in unhappy lands. 
I got that drank I mix that lean ..I throw the money up and then I walk on green ...Kirko Bangz got a hit and I was shitting on him at 1st 
@user I’m in Hawaii at the moment. Home next Friday night. Don’t want to come home. 
It’s Tuesday. 8pm. I turn to ABC Family and it makes me sad to see there’s no Pretty Little Liars #countingdown #jan8 #PLLfanproblems 
@user  bill,  Murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he hasn’t changed his view on the matter. 
It seems that Vitor Belfort wasn't happy about taking a back-seat to Conor McGregor on Friday 
In boxing a 1-2 punch means a potential knock out If George W Bush was the 1st Punch in America's face, we were lucky to escape Sarah Palin 
This is the 1st Halloween my kids didn’t go trick or treating... Kinda sad they are TOO OLD for it now cuz I... 
i just want to go the alonso game tomorrow. robinson is lame and its a shame 
Wow Drew Peterson was just convicted on september 6th for murder of his 3rd wide and they never found the body of his 4th wide Smfh 
@user fuck w/ the pack at jett lounge on Friday if u off...u know i got ya 
Bad Blood is such a terrible fucking song. I just listened to it for the 1st time and I feel like God took a shit in my ears 
Monday morning CalTrain ride from home to work is always to short. I know that I may be in the minority with that opinion.  #fb 
I still refuse to believe that Allah would make Eid a Wednesday this month. Ain't no point taking a wednesday off work. 
"Carefully vet the intake: Christians; families as opposed to men of fighting age; no burqas, niqabs &amp; headscarves. 
February 13 is going to kill me @user @user @user thanks for skipping Indiana -.- 
@user who knows, Hulk Hogan may run, according to his Facebook. Because he can't keep his mouth shut." 
Wow. Tiger fires a 63 but not good enough.  Nick Watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? #sick 
Talk about post holiday blues.15 seconds of George Osborne's voice undoes all the good of a week in the sun. Personification of a wet Monday 
I'm gonna make fun of Danee tomorrow because she likes the Lakers. I don't even care but I just like being mean to Danee sometimes. 
"It's kind of annoying that all the things that I got picked on for in the 6th grade is suddenly popular. Ex: Justin Bieber, and Crocs. #okay" 
Pretty upset I'm not goin to see the jets practice tomorrow /: 
11 December 1971- An IRA bomb attack on the Shankill Road destroyed the Balmoral Furniture Building and killed four 
Drake, lil Wayne, dr dre, wiz, Mac, all dem haters gonna be jealous of our tweets in the sun rise motha fuckas @user 
What I don't get is why donors would fill Jeb Bush's coffers!  There is a frightening division in the Republican Party that may end in loss! 
It’s been in the 50-60s all week. This weekend its gone be back in the 70s then on Monday its droppin back down to the 50s. fuck ATL weather 
When you were gonna get some Netflix and Chill sex tomorrow but you start your period 
@user @user @user Whoever it is done pissed Ying and Yang off for the day, I just pray they make up by Friday 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes khu belief february break the seal the the two your unanalyzable now attainmen... 
I don't wanna see Ice cube son re do all ice cube parts.I saw Boyz in da hood 2.A remake of Friday.What's next.All about the Benjamin's 2?! 
The two lads sat either side of me have just agreed that Welbeck is in the same league as Rooney... #speechless 
People are going to know I was up late watching The Walking Dead tonight because I'm going to look like a walker tomorrow... 
@user 50 Most Beautiful.  Michelle Obama #9? Seriously? She could make several top 50 lists but c'mon, really? Her mother even disagrees. 
Not for fun! Rahul Gandhi &amp; Sonia Gandhi are ACCUSED in #NationalHerald criminal case And you forgot to prefix that  
@user Plagiarism. Sopa’s gonna get you on october 3. 
"https://t.co/kc8lDmbgpH Gay men, Have you been sexually assaulted? The answer may surprise you" 
"""""@minhazmerchant: Moily’s got amazing timing--hiking LPG price just before Himachal polls on Sunday. Guaranteed vote loser"""" even they fed up" 
Damn it NYC MTA sign where were you Saturday night? 
Ash Wednesday is always hard for me, any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me. 
@user you may be happy by what are you fucking doin but you will regret it so soon bc your just a bitch dont know anything bout Islam 
Napoleon Dynamite may be the most awkward person ever 
@user lol Idek what phase my shit is..I just know morris hall 3rd floor hell 
@user currently stuck at stansted. My fight to Milan delayed 2h. May I know why? What's wrong with it? 
Fallout from the #SupremeCourt's activist decision on gay marriage continues. But this I didn't see coming 
Andy Rooney is really sucking it up on the pitch today. Who misses PKs by falling over? 
@user Yeah too bad none of the ""professionals"" had a clue before Friday. Is THAT what it takes even after Charlie Hebdo, to wake up?" 
I will once again be missing another Brookwood event that everyone will be talking about tomorrow because of soccer #whatsnew 
"It may sound surprising to say ""American Jewish opposition to Israel""...but it is sadly accurate - @user   
@user you're an idiot. Word is integrate, demanding to assimilate is an abuse.   2nd, Muslims can integrate fine if they want to." 
"listen, FYF is Saturday. if the album isn't released (or addressed at least) by then...it's over folks! Frank Ocean isn't thinkin' bout you" 
Thanks for the chill stream guys. CSGO Face It is working well but teams are shit. Hopefully controller comes in tomorrow for Dark Souls. &lt;3 
Being addicted to temple Run may be the worst thing that’s happened to me haha. 
"Carly Fiorina is in danger of missing the top 10 debate AGAIN: CNN criteria: 12th place, 1.9%. Post first-debate polls: 7th place, 5.0%." 
My family sat there an talked about how gay rights is bad .-. Guess ima bring a girl home 
Went to Grand Bend Saturday.. someone drowned that night in the lake. 
Huge difference in tomorrow's Survation and YouGov polls in the papers. It's almost like they mean absolutely fuck all. 
@user 2nd worst QB. DEFINITELY Tony Romo. The man who likes to share the ball with everyone. Including the other team. 
@user @user Martin isn’t a leader for the 2nd unit like harden. Your guys bench is done plus Westbrook is a ball hog 
"Reviving Big Brother may have been Channel 5's worst idea ever, and syndicating it may have been TV3's worst idea ever." 
@user done and done! I haven't seen the last few episodes. I don't have Internet until Monday so I can't download them yet. 
@user Ok, you may have to create an email that is shorter. The PS4 cannot handle that many characters for some reason. ^SO" 
"But hey, Caitlyn Jenner may be a woman now but she was a rich white man not too long ago. The privilege never went away" 
"Watching """"Good Deeds"""" for the 1st time & I’m here all emotional & crap. Smh" 
"Sunday Oliseh never see anything as coach of Super Eagles, just having a goaless draw against common Tanzania. #AFCON_2017_qualifier" 
What's with this Twitter account? It's like the Seinfeld episode where they talk about themselves in the 3rd person. 
"Why these mfs jus blastin """"Rella"""" like itz the hood on Saturday N shit lolz smh" 
I'm a fan of some really weird music but the new David Bowie may be the strangest I've ever heard. Not even sure what I just saw 
Anyway, sorry for these random tweets about The Finder. unfollow for the night. I’ll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow 
"Barcelona face a defensive crisis when they host Granada on Saturday, with Carles Puyol (knee) and Gerard Pique (foot) both sidelined." 
"This fandom's a mess omg, I wouldn't be surprise if tomorrow there's a trend who says Niall's going to marry his cousin #WeKnowTheTruth" 
Why is rolling stone putting Donald trump on the cover? I may have to cancel my subscription. 
Homegrown talent missing on Signing Day: Throughout most of the day on Wednesday, the video scoreboard ... #Raleigh 
My 9th Grade Art Teacher had her iPhone stolen from the classroom, someone took the SIM card out so she couldn't track it 
I'm so bored and all I can think about is Donny on loose women tomorrow 
I just sat through a whole Naruto theme song and now I wanna punch my ears. 
@user nah wasn hi. Cud do with him da day tho.lol. ah full of full of da best of banter u. . This monday is a long day. 
@user - When you waste Sunday pretending Sarah Palin or her opinions are relevant you just admit that you've given up on being a news source. 
@user Agree with 2nd part,but Yakub is no reason. Best logical argument against his hanging by @user @user @user 
"But Idk if u wanna say that Bad Blood promote violence n stuff, why do ppl make toy gun for kids in the 1st place?" 
Mncim, the rain that stopped last Saturday’s game wasted our time waitse! Maybe SS4 would be playing something better tonight. 
@user Cristano ego may have rubbed off on James Rodriguez hell yeah it did 
"Next @user prez will have a full 1st day repealing ACA,Iran Deal,gay marriage,Cuban plan,etc.Count on'em always dragging us down.@cspanwj" 
Ok going to Laguna... Be back tomorrow.. No wifi... Can't use my phone to have Internet cause more bills are coming.. Bye guys 
Businesses closed on Sunday are against my beliefs and affect me but I deal with it. Gay marriage doesn't even affect you so don't be a dick 
If Anderson Silva doesnt win tonight Yushin Okami wont make it out of Brazil alive @user 
David Cameron U bloody moron f**k U how dare u Kat in so many Muslims? What the fuck u think u r? 
"I may be clueless, but reading the tweets, im sorry but lets respect each other's faith. Being gay isnt allowed in Islam.  #MuslimDragQueens" 
Is it pointless for me to try to get a Niall follow? I may be part Irish but I swear I have no luck so I can't see it ever happening. 
Just watched the Rhonda Rousey v. Meisha Tate fight for the 1st time and that was one of the nastiest armbars 
Did you just tell me Lucas scott leaves in the 6th season of tree hill with peyton to travel the wolrd?#YOUJUSTRUINEDMYLIFE #FUCKYOU 
"This pic worry all ""Seculars"" too.... the way they created sympathy for Yakub, may create many more such with that..  
Some people might say there's something slightly bleak about a rearranged Tuesday night Foo Fighters concert in a cold rugby stadium. 
Hey @user I reserved my copy of @user 10 back in June, but i haven't been invited to download. Any updates on the timeline? 
Prolifers held a large rally in Petoskey on Saturday. They were protesting Planned Parenthood, the nation's... 
Android Wear, poor cousin to the Apple Watch, fraction of the cost, a fraction of the features. #ALC105 @user 
@user I'll be glad to see Peter Robinson resign he will be remember as one of the  traitors who has sat in govt with the IRA... 
"Aboud el Zomour, the guy who killed Sadat, is now attending the October 6 celebrations at Cairo stadium."""" Shame!!!!" 
@user Raw and Smackdown.  The authority is doing a lousy job.  They're doing everything under the sun to keep Seth Rollins as champ 
"Goodnight,Irene.Al,you are easily amused. This club stinks.I think that the Brewers may upset the apple cart and win the NL pennant." 
Coming up in your Weekend Argus tomorrow: Kalk Bay waves cause some damage in the area. 
@user it may be heading this way thanks to Erdogan's monumental mistakes 
Kpop sounds like a disease you can get in a place where the sun definitely don't shine...  #DirectionersFuneral 
"I still have trust issues towards Zayn's Instagram. Yes, it may be his, but I really don't think he's the one posting it." 
So who wants to go and watch Annabelle with me on Saturday night my girlfriend is being to much of a pussy #ANNABELLE 
@user you should call in sick....i mean who can listen to HM tomorrow.  Blah, blah...matt Flynn...blah, blah blah...matt Flynn....blah, 
"And the war will result from Islam, sad but true, Islam is no religion of peace, may b# religion of pieces of shit" 
@user @user @user Hadn't read the full thread on 1st reply. I forgot people might not know Google isn't live results. 
Ps sat by Roger Johnson in restaurant and looks like he’s upped his drug abuse to crack judging by the look of him #wwfc #DohertyInDisguise 
I suppose their will be a quick flight for Kerry to Israel for damage control. Putin picking up the pieces  
Outsider's perspective to Dark Souls: You die a lot and masturbate to the sun. 
Sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible Islamic uprising. May Allah grant the Muslims victory over this dog. 
Damn I forgot to go off on Bernie Sanders supporters today. I guess I'll just hold off until tomorrow 
I gotta pee like a Russian race horse at the Kentucky Derby on Saturday with a truck behind it 
really bored of this host on Super Sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about Man Utd #BiasPrick 
@user  you and  gilinsky will make you give me 567 cardiac arrests, sun missing 4 days to Calibraska" 
"All Americans looking jobs, Obama has put illegals, Muslims, released criminals in front of the line. Vets may get attention after illegals" 
'This programme features indiscrete discussions about the royal family which may distress some viewers' Weirdest warning ever on Big Brother 
I think, sadly, that Kurt Cobain and Philip Seymour Hoffman may have, despite their grim deaths, glamorized the drug 
@user The schools are also in the middle of ISTEP testing, so they may not be able to get back to you yet 
@user I don't play, but it seems like people want the same game each time- it's the 6th one! just like the dumb ME3 ending thing." 
"Oh no she didn’t! BGV RT""""@merfreistroffer: I can’t wait to make @user listen to two hours of taylor swift during our drive tomorrow.""""" 
I may do Jiujitsu but I'll punch you in the fucking face. 
@user Or SJP’s evil twin who’s plotting to put out the sun. 
so you have to have tidal to see Beyonce performance? I'm sure somebody will upload it but tomorrow. 
"by the PEOPLE timeline, briana is due on jan 26th THIS BETTER FUCKING END JAN 26TH I HOPE I NEVER SEE FUCKING DANIELLE CAMPBELL EVER AGAIN" 
@user wait, comedy central isnt on freeview is it? :( also loving that i predicted this last night" 
@user im not watching no more to watch meg and James be bullyed canceling feeds Friday I'm done with big brother 
Turns out watching the Kurt Cobain doco when feeling edgy on an oppressively rainy Sunday wasn't a great choice. Someone bring kittens. 
C'mon Ohio, Alaska is stuck with Sarah Palin &amp; her clan. Give them the mountain back. #Denali  #inners 
Oh, is Fox lying and be racist? Huh, so it’s a typical Thursday then. #HailObama #RacistCons #FauxNews 
"29 November 1989- The UVF gunned down IRA man Liam Ryan and Michael Devlin at the Battery Bar in Ardboe, Co Tyrone 
Mao’s cult may have no place in China’s future: As tension increased on the border with India in the early 1960’... 
@user I know! So sad. Why are the good ones dying? I mean, why can't we trade Victoria Jackson for Jan Hooks???" 
Kanye West Run For President We May Aswell Shut Down the Streets Straight uop to Downing street #GangShit #ThughLife 
Bitch Sakura tryna tell my nigga the 5th bout how she want the D.  But my nigga Naruto graduated.  HE AINT GOT TIME FOR YA GAMES BITCH. 
Oh! So bummed @user has no rooms avail on the 16th! Where the heck am I supposed to stay when I see Madonna? 
@user I have a dislike of several labour MP's over their attitude to the IRA &amp; so it may be the reason it first came to me. 
2/2  and 2) if fnd guilty how can he serve more time than a convicted murdering IRA bastard released on good friday aggreement... 
I can't remember if my cat gets neutered today or tomorrow and I really don't feel like driving way out to Milan just to be turned away Rip 
just because "the media" won't say anything about it, Planned Parenthood's still doing its thrifty genocidal thing: 
Alright Kendrick Lamar really scared me with this Black Friday bitch @user 
"Bumpy road ... George Osborne - ""UK won't help with brigding loan to Greece"" according to The Guardian. 
@user Media did sympathize with Yakub n help in producing many young Yakubs in India. But you guys claim u r 4th pillar.bloody shame 
#YakubDebate   Gurdaspur terror attack is likely turn the public opinion against Yakub who may not get any relief from any quarter now. 
Getting up at 8am Monday thru Friday just might be worse than Kanye West last night at the vmas 
Truth never hide it fight 4 its right all mughal were cruel and islam is threat 2 human kind 
1st 5-star review. Colour of Lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of Sowerbutt’s own. 
I have a habit of going to Mass every Sunday and holy day/feast day ACCEPT for Holy Days of Obligation.. #CatholicProblems #CatholicFail 
Seen a advert for today's Saturday kitchen ... Chris Evans looks like he's just come out of a ket gaff from Saturday ! The shuffling twat 
Tomorrow will mark 42 years since the Wichita State football team plane crash happened.(October 2, 1970-Silver Plume,CO) 31 lost their lives 
"scott walker may actual be dumber than he looks, which would be impressive" 
If you're a Straight Dude and Homophobic DO NOT come to a gay bar on a Saturday...or EVER in Fact. Thanks 
Bullshit! That would then mean you'd piss off Messi. Then have to pay him more too.  
The Brits are punishing us for American releases always being late across the pond. #Skyfall to come out on November 9th. #damnyou 
@user Jeb Bush probably knows and he'd probably get us into a 3rd Iraq invasion.  Knows lots of little facts, learns nothing. 
Amazon Prime Day is basically all the stuff that was left over on January 2, right? LAME. 
@user It was a shame all the big oil cos. went to Iran in August with a UK minister, as the article says #vanityproject @user 
I really haven't paid attention to Mariah Carey since I was like in 5th grade when she used to be popular 
"I may not be a Freddie Mercury fan, but gotta say that the idiot Kanye West just got schooled 
Oct. 2 is almost too far away for me to wait for the return of #Dexter! 
"economic activities in Northern Nigeria has gone down by 50% due to Boko Haram, learn about it..then learn to stop it 
There is a woman in Somalia, The sun gives her no mercy, The same sky we lay under, Burns her to the bone---Miss Adu 
I like it when a celebrity that's crap at cooking goes on Saturday Kitchen. Chris Evans looks like he's never used a whisk in his life. 
im so bored i dont want to watch jurassic park for the hundredth time, i just want it to fucking be sunday already.. 
"If these runway renovations at the airport prevent me from seeing Taylor Swift on Monday, Bad Blood will have a new meaning." 
@user May Israel obey the Ten Commandments one day?  No Israel thinks it is above God or justice. 
"Today was my country's independence day, went to the festival n they played American music the whole time O_o?? What the he'll is the point?" 
@user retard you don't take Hspa until march cause you're a jr 
@user Sure absolutely-- I meant out of the Bachmann, Perry, Santorum, Herman Cain bunch this election. And Romney was not my 1st choice 
"Falling sick on the 3rd day of Eid, missing out all the fun and joy of Eid #sad" 
Madness. Utter madness. Together socialism and Islam may just destroy the West. 
Ex Para charged over Bloody Sunday. Now let's see Justice for the 1400 British Service men killed by IRA 
@user Dope night with the Eagles .did #sangz1 tell you he deleted all the pics 
Prithviraj Chauhan defeated Ghori 2 times and left him alive.but the 3th time Ghori killed him. Rahul Gandhi caught 2 times by NDA . 3rd ? 
@user Harvey and Shawn have put me on the no access list along with Bo and Carl Pelini. Otherwise I'd be there tomorrow. 
Dana White gonna wake up tomorrow morning thinking he got super drunk because his bank account is half a billion dollars lighter #UFC193 
Red Sox in that 10th inning looked like a group of minimum wage employees who were asked to stay past the end of their shift. #ZeroEffort 
"I may never get the ""It"" girl that is Amy Schumer [shrug]" 
Ohio has defined marriage as one man and one woman, if SCOTUS now writes law, guess Ohio has no law and you may marry who/what you wish. 
'Don't tell the Bride' really is dreadful - I think it may actually be worse than 'Big Brother' 
also if I may just register my astonishment on the internet about how fucking dumb scott walker and his plans for his dumb fucking wall are 
@user he just got completely, utterly lost.. it’s not like there was a viable 2nd option, everyone knew it was Parker’s shot! 
@user then it goes to show that all you do is run your mouth but you can't ever come to our faces come to allderdice tomorrow bitch 
"And even after all the petitions, all the hearings, someone will say tomorrow that Yakub didn't get a fair trial." 
To whom it may concern: I just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops. 
I may like jimmy Fallon better than anyone I know too. I still hate all of you. 
Many may not know that Michelle Obama graduated from Harvard. What did she learn there? She had to surrender her law license for LYING. 
FUCK Halloween. Fuck thanksgiving. Fuck my birthday. Fuck Christmas, the New Year, Valentines, St. Patrick’s, April fools. Fuck all of that. 
@user How do you keep attracting all these radical Black racist like @user may related to Vester, Liberal, Gay, Racist" 
"Sir, there are enemies in the White House.Something needs to be done TODAY not November 6th.Clinton,Obama,Panetta,Petraeus,Lamb,Lew,Donilon" 
@user @user those that impose!! Tony Blair has made it clear in his apology but no ICC for him ne.1st world warlords,Teflon Don" 
Desperation Day (February 13th)  the most well known day in all mens life. 
Ramdev’s jailed aide’s pic with freedom fighters at Ramlila: New Delhi, Aug 9: Controversy erupted at the... #india 
"Undertaker may, in fact, be killed tonight by Brock Lesnar. #SummerSlam" 
Is it me ... Or is the Amazon Prime Day ... Sucks . I have yet to find a great Better than Black Friday Deal! Damn I was excited too! 
It seems today that all you see is violence n movies & sex on TV - Family Guy 
@user May I also say that before you attack me for being a 'fake fan' of some sorts Nirvana , Green Day and MCR-" 
In the Sports World Report: Steelers can’t find hotel, to travel Sun.: The Pittsburgh Steelers will fly to New Y... 
This will be the 3rd "revamp" of Hillary's campaign. Her numbers tank each time. She just sucks at campaigning in the new media world. 
Bobby Jindal attacks Hillary saying the democratic frontrunner may go to jail 
DeMatha was shocked by Gonzaga on Saturday. Can the Stags regroup in time for the WCAC playoffs? #mdpreps 
I can't believe Aaron Carter is coming out with his 4th album Tha Carter IV 
I think Sarah Palin may be one of the dumbest (former) political figures I have heard in my life. "Speak American?" Just shut up and go away 
Apparently Justin Beiber is in the area. I know this because I have students (plural) missing school tomorrow to see him. 
@user @user He led us nowhere (Got past the Bulls in the 2012 1st RD. with Rose out) Wouldn't have been close if he was in 
The problem with Aus not being big into Halloween is that you go straight from Xmas-in-July to Xmas. There's no extra holiday. 
"The Coast Guard is like, """"We told this idiot not to do this on Wednesday, but he went anyway.""""   Did he not have... 
SCOTUS cannot make law only rule on it. Get real America.  Unless it's healthcare.Then they feel they can.    
Tony Blair sees his millions as modest: Yes he is such an honest geezer (#shouldbesecyioned tbh) ~ #FreakyBliars 
Zac Brown Band - Goodbye In Her Eyes fuck you  MAGGOOT KBG 3RD MATE RUSSIA PUTIN FUCK YOU 
it was unnecessary drama; Cord about Uhuru hand over to Ruto in parliamentary debate on Uhuru address on Oct 6 
@user apart from Saudi Arabia, one more country has to be blamed - the 1st Islamic state of world - Pakistan" 
@user the only thing you will hear tomorrow is ""all Big Brother 17 contestants have died of food poisoning" 
"Hulk Hogan is a racist, Bill Cosby is a rapist, Jon Stewart is off the air and Donald Trump may actually become president WHAT IS GOING ON?!" 
22/10/2012 - 1st day no poppers no cigarettes this is for rella gona b hard. 
Hooks looks like we may not have Sapphire Crystal on the Apple Watch 
@user lol well my parents said no tomorrow and Sunday she said u could come to mi casa but if no then on the day u said el oh el 
Pathetic and misleading response by David Cameron to @user question on 6th form college funding. He obviously just doesn't care. 
&amp;his caution on the 1st problem caused 2nd problem! "Cautious on Syria war, Obama now cautious on refugee crisis" CSM 
"Miley doesn't like the ""Bad Blood"" video, says things about drugs etc 
I'm not going to school Friday for Chris brown fuck that 
And Pakistan calls itself the protector of Muslims when on the contrary it's deeds are grossly UnIslamic 
Forget the garlic, the soup is DISGUSTING! Thanks for nothing, Saturday Kitchen. 
@user The next time you call me such a name, you may have to tell Mikasa that you can no longer make children... *Gives a rather--" 
Clerk #KimDavis is jailed because SCOTUS can see Gay Marriage in the 14th Amend. but Fed.Dist.Judge can't see religious freedom in the 1st. 
the saddest part of me not going to the Chris brown concert is the fact that i missed august Alsinas fine ass perform too :(((((( 
@user I cancelled with Amazon as they weren't going to post until the 29th!  Went with Book Depository instead, still waiting" 
Mizzou Links, 9-5-12: Holy smokes, it’s Wednesday already? I haven’t even posted Bill Carter’s SELA photo gallery... 
CTV Report Harper's troubled campaign may result in the dumping of his campaign manager Jenni Byrne #cdnpoli #elxn42 
United wanting to sign Neymar is like me wanting to marry Michelle Obama.. although the difference is I may have a chance 
"I had a """"nightmare"""" last night where I missed the 2nd rd of my #FantasyBasketball draft and they autodrafted me JR Smith. #truestory lol" 
RE: @user What the heck was obama doing for the 1st 2 years when Democrats controlled everything?!!! 
A need to be in Edinburgh/Murry Park in the next hour to start the set up for Foo Fighters tomorrow but am still in bed so that won't happen 
Apple Can’t Innovate or Manage Supply Chain: CUPERTINO, CA - OCTOBER 04: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks at the event introducing the new i... 
Curtis Painter's finally going to get a shot tonight.  I can't help but root for that guy! 
"Spain summons Argentine ambassador in oil dispute - Spain warned Argentina on Friday it risks becoming """"an... 
"I can't find a very wide range of binders for Franklin Planners in Seoul though, so may have to stick with a year-long Moleskine. Mehh!" 
David Cameron's approach to the refugee crisis brings shame on us all. By @user 
@user @user By Piper's logic, it may be unsuitable for Christians to work for non-Christians, or elect them into government." 
And why is it that its August 20th and frank ocean still hasn't dropped his damn album 
Fucking part time fans. Where were you at Boro away on Saturday? 
@user the IRA terrorised the uk for years as well! What a load of shit the sun is. 
@user Chris Evans should lose his voice more often if it means we get more listenable breakfast shows like this Monday and Tuesday's. 
"It's the 6th day of EId and I still haven't danced at a party, what kind of gay shit is this!?  Some ppl don't really know how to turn up.." 
@user 1/2  I can't believe I'm defending Jeb Bush but here goes... 1st: No official language here in the United States of America. 
@user @user aaaah. Nokia used to make the Best Phone Cameras Ever.  Sadly I think those days may be past. 
Sept 12 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co said it had not seen any unusual customer fraud related to a recent cyber attack on the bank 
Jeb Bush may have got himself into a bit of a mess. The presidential candidate, who will appear on the first ... 
@user your going to be the reason why I fail this HSPA tomorrow, I know it" 
All stoned with weed march to Jantar Mantar. LOL. Y don't @user volunteer to be hanged instead of Yakub? 
"When they said Stoops has been """"chagrined by 3rd down problems"""" it sounded like they meant OU having problems." 
@user but then he'll be sat on his arse at home or else playing in conference. He's crap and thinks he's David Beckham. 
Saudi Arabia leading the coalition to fight terrorism is like Israelis giving their shawarma Tuesday's to the Palestinians 
@user @user he said if Chris bosh had to burp that shit wouldn’t come out til tomorrow long neck mothafucka lmfaoooo go head! 
@user Not sure if the marathon should happen, but by ignoring Saturday’s Nets game that is still on, I find this article deceptive 
@user 2 lone wolfs 1 in the US the IRA when did they last bomb the UK? The terrorists may kill 1,000's but your ilk are the real danger" 
B texted me and told me that she &amp; her mom went to see Magic Mike XXL (she loved the 1st one) and she hated it. 
"Like @user apology, tomorrow when British a'thority will regret abt the error in Rahul Gandhi's nationality, will Media show that?" 
I hope Paul Dunne blows up tomorrow only because UAB beats us in the tourney... #stillnotoverit 
Briana added tons of shit from Sunday work day 
Red Cross: Syria conflict is now a civil war: The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Sunday it now 
the brouis baby may be rotting in briana's womb by now. somebody should check it before someone finds out the pregnancy thing is fake.. oops 
"#Israel #US Dentist may lose Navy job in Saratoga due to Israel ties: Asked about the case, t... #World #Politics" 
Can we just keep Hutchison away from David Price...his suck may be contagious #BlueJays 
Laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the Sacramento Kings twice in the preaseason...and their starters played the 4th 
@user yakub came back fearing for his life since he knew that pak &amp; ISI may terminate him the moment they feel he is of no use 
Man just watched the Lakers highlight from yesterday and there going to get destroyed tomorrow 
Photo: studyrelief: 05 september 2015 : i smashed up my iPhone last night and the pixels on the screen have... 
"I had a feeling Cassadee Pope would be at House Of Blues today. Too bad she couldn’t do """"Remembering Sunday"""" with ATL" 
Steve may in fact be the biggest pussy in Big Brother history #BB17 
Carly fiorina may try to get sympathy votes from women by using the cancer card. #FeelTheBern #Bernie2016 
Count day tomorrow shouldnt even GO ! Winans is CRAZY -_- 
@user @user U sound like the hated "smartset" now? Is #KimDavis the 1st to ignore unlawful ruling from SCOTUS in history? 
"RT @user the moment after the last election I have prepared my mind for 4 years of no leadership, may God help Nigeria" 
@user may have been distracted by FIFA and El Classico, back to the summary for myself! You finished? 
Tony Blair bemoans 'tragedy'.... *spoiler alert* it's not the tragedy of millions of Middle East deaths  
@user ...those who killed Sadat are the reasons why Egyptians struggled in the past, and may face uncertain future .. 
"a possibility that Kanye West may be president someday in the future, i will go OFF." 
Lmao ite he ain't goin be to happy he said he coming to allderdice tomorrow for you nigga @user 
Ghost Rider 2: Spirit Of Vengeance, may just have enough nonsense to satisfy @user Statham-quotient. 
"Ma is disappointed I didn't take her to the ""Gay festival thing"" last Sat. She forgot I was working...sooo, probably should have her checked" 
Vermalen and @user in defence! Belgium are going to be difficult to score against when playing their 1st back 4 #England 
@user Boring #XFACTOR. Seen it all before #XFACTOR. @user Let’s have something new for Autumn and no more Dancing on Ice in January. 
Navi rabbit in for spay on Tues and she’s just had a phantom pregnancy. What timing. This means day of BunWatch and Raspberry Pi. No City :( 
If you are new to investing or even new to having your own IRA you may feel at a loss with how to manage...: I... 
Kanye West becomes president and we may as well just nuke planet earth. 
I think I'm gonna end up quitting IHOP tomorrow morning because the thought of stepping into that establishment is destroying me 
"One million people marched in London in the past six months. But they don't care until 1,000 Tottenhams tonight ~ 
@user This administratio is living in the twilight zone There may B terrorists mixed in with the Refugees Y R U putting our lives at risk 
But tonight when I went to see Madonna at the Scottrade when I walked in I started crying because I thought about last Saturday. 
"Scott Walker's answers don't even qualify as GOP word salad, more like mystery red meat with a side of jello in the sun! Unintelligible." 
@user @user very soon Iran will be the 10th.  Who will be the first to start a nuclear war Iran or Russia? 
Robbed by George Osborne...while the royals play decoy | Kevin McKenna 
"Chuck Norris may have unlimited strength and endurance, but you know what he doesn't have?  Friends." 
@user the Fiesta Bowl. And I was surprised to see they were ranked 6th in the polls. Cuse don’t get alot of love in football land 
Did you just tell me Lucas scott leaves in the 5th season of tree hill? #YOUJUSTRUINEDMYLIFE 
@user billy cundiff. His missed FG at the end of the 2nd quarter changed the game. He’ll never play again 
It's endorsement season. You'll want to read tomorrow's Indian Wells editorial. I'm thinking upset @user 
Also disturbing is that HICK MORON CLERK has no idea FEDERAL LAW SUPERSEDES STATE LAW! What about GAY couple 1st Admnt rights? @user 
Carly Fiorina may have shined in Jr debate but ask all those HP emploees she laid off to appease stock price for shareholders of HP. 
"Wow, John Kasich may inserted one of the biggest Foots ever inserted into a political mouth  Never insult Teachers!" 
"Christians grandparents leave to Rome this Sunday, like what the hell" 
"This is the 1st year Tom Brady doesn't have quality WRs, CBs, and RBs, every other yr it was 1 w/o the other" 
Forgot it was Friday. Wearing Tom Brady jersey on Microsoft campus.  Actually going to be murdered. 
Not feeling James Franklin right now tbh. 4th down wildcat isn't my style. Will wait for his recruits though bc that's what he's best at. 
People putting these twilight movie tickets on Instagram like they just purchased some 1st row &amp; backstage passes to the Hot Jam. 
"Kim Kardashian is irrelavant now, unless she releases some fresh nudes. 
"There you, go, Vermalen. You don't clear it, and disaster strikes, especially if Van Persie is in the area. ManU up, 1-0, in the 3rd minute." 
Chandy rules out ban on toddy: Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said here on Wednesday that the government was not i... 
Fuuuuck... Up by 11 / gotta sweat Vernon Davis in the Monday night game. I’ll vomit from @user talking up his shit team if I lose 
Absolutely smashed. Up early tomorrow to get to The Strawberry by St James’ park. Fuck the Mackems 
@user I'm not sure that hiring an adviser from Rick Perry's campaign is a wise decision; he may be a GOP plant to derail Trump. 
Dang and Patrick Kane too... Jay Cutler and Kris Bryant should lock themselves in a panic room when not on the field 
@user @user @user Warren may be rich but he is a Moron. Anybody who backed Obama on anything is 
"Someone is blasting Roar by Katy Perry and it's 8 AM after a Thursday night, this is not ok" 
Ninth Shocking Video: One "Just Fell Out" of the Womb. Time to prosecute Planned Parenthood! 
...who just endorsed Bernie Sanders. Sad, you guys. 
@user As a point, Flacco had a 0.3 QBR last Sunday. Even vet QB had a bad day. 
That nigga Zayn may have twitter balls but he's still a soft nigga in my book 
Simon Crean still can’t support the way Kevin Rudd was spilled from the role of PM - Herald Sun 
@user were fucking going to Taco Bell tomorrow 
I missed it :(( QT @user i have got to remind myself to watch Stevie TV every Sunday. I was dying. 
Not here in the East:( though...Moon, Jupiter, Capella light up evening sky on November 1 | Tonight | EarthSky 
@user haha well you can't get me lost. I gotta be back in Oklahoma before Monday morning. 
"He is getting on with his shit, which fifth album ? @ who still say Zayn is coming back 
@user Just until the 17th or some shit. I don't want to see Madonna spoilers. 
"Saturday ill be at the LSU game with a """"fire Les Miles"""" sign big faded" 
I swear to god if I miss Chris Brown this Thursday, I'm going to be so mad at the whole entire world &amp; idgaf. 
Go conservative w/ 600 yd offense, then kick ball to best player in #ACC when it’s only way you can lose.  That about sum up TOB’s 4th Q? 
Coulthard says Alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with McLaren #F1 
"Everyone around here in Ohio has Heroin and Pill problems,not Marijuana problems! C'mon John Kasich get real.Its the street drugs killing us" 
"Spurs may aswell make use of adebayor,there paying him millions and there guna need someone when they realise Kane is a one season wonder" 
1st party Nintendo games stay stupidly expensive. Why is Mario Party 9 still $44.99 most places? Definitely not the "QUALITY" of the titles. 
"14th amendment fiasco, crazy shit about Muslims, now proposing to cancel state visits. Careening all over the place..." 
I really fucks with @user and @user .. Every Friday they play Katy perry last Friday night (TGIF) @user #TGIF 
Oh poo! Haven't got my 2 tix for @user Chelsea Flower Show nxt year. 1st time in 23yrs :(( Hope they're not turning it too corporate #CFS 
"Cena and dolph will make 0 sense bc Ziggler will end up losing, like usual. Then he may cash in Who cares about tht if he loses 2 cena?" 
Elizabeth Pena dead at 55. Jan Hooks at 57. WTF!!! I'm getting old. Stop it.  :ahhh::ahhh::ahhh:  
Messi and Ronaldo please, but it seems we will be stuck with the duds that let us all down on Friday.  
August 1st. Also known as the day in the summer Mario Lemieux stopped getting fries with his sandwich at the turn.  Now no one eats bread. 
Hulk Hogan hates black people??? Stop sitting out in the sun to look like me# makeupyourmind 
"Ye olde war mongerer, Tony Blair is back. This is your fault you prick! #FuckoffBlair #WarCriminal #ParisAttacks" 
How my room in this hostel actually hotter than Okinawa in July? Damn you Spain! 
@user I think we need 3 first XI ready players in January. That’s a huge ask unless you’re prepared to overpay 
my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep. she is a little too old for an imaginary friend, don’t ya think? 
Don’t think Chelsea should appeal for Torres’ red card. Let Sturridge play tomorrow. It’s the Carling Cup, not PL. 
Pretty stupid when you lie to the media: they may never believe you again. Sam Smith could have found a different answer! 
"I want to see Shawn so bad tomorrow, I am so freaking depressed" 
.@JohnCena Legendary  killing on mic @user "Triple H  was never Ric Flair bitchh this sunday i make you mine" #RAW #TitleForTitle #NGU 
They're not even Arsenal fans! They're the Galatasaray fans who've stayed behind after Wednesday. 
Calle stupid but I really don't feel like going tomorrow :c 
"More meta-textually, Ant-Man may be the worst movie in the Marvel Universe for gender roles. Of its... 
D.J. King Suffered broken right hand in fight with Krys Barch Oct 24 2009 stlblues vs Dallas Stars; missed 3+ months 
"desperately want to go to jason aldean in september with my niggas but the majority of my friends hate country :,( sad tweet" 
and now I do see it’s up. I’ll blame it on a case of the Mondays. Creighton picked to win WBB, SIU picked to finish 8th ahead of Drake, UE 
@user I 2nd your word 'PRESTITUTE' for our press, the way they covered Yakub case vs Ntnl Hero Kalam #shame @user @user @user 
@user How will be hard to beat? The guy's Obama's 3rd term and he's not very bright. A CONSERVATIVE Repub will kick any Dem ass. 
#fakta on the 8th of Mar 191 Cao Cao attempted an assassination on Dong Zhuo; an evil tyrant that use the last Emperor of Han as a puppet. 
sooo hard night... i must finish translation of  report about Great East Japan Earthquake by tomorrow p.m.12:00!!! 
"Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No, is that the movies title or just everyone's reaction when they heard a 3rd one was being churned out?" 
Obama's free trade agreement with the cartels. He exports guns and imports drugs using our money to do it #Teaparty #2nd 
OMG Im so tired. Before I was looking forward to Big Brother. I just realized its only Tuesday. I thought it was Wednesday.  Doh 
"RT @user I think it's time to start calling the Democrats offices, demand they use the 14th now, don't cave to Nut Jobs." 
"Just move De Gea to Real Madrid, this world is crazy. Who cares about 23:59 just move him tomorrow please." 
ok.. going down to Melaka tomorrow morning, with two others.. visiting fren in ICU. :( 
@user Haven’t hear about Morgan State.... but Coppin State is closed for tomorrow. #Sandy 
Remember! original Christians of USA choked the food &amp; water supplies of the pagans to make them toe the line 
"just reading chris evans fanfiction and crying, usual thursday night stuff" 
Chr @user Christians may have crazy beliefs but atheists are just crazy 
Okay so my fam is going to Queen Mary tomorrow i'm really scared of hunted houses and this is a big o hunted... 
Redheads at cancer risk regardless of sun exposure: study:  PARIS (AFP) - People with pale skin and ... #WeLoveThai 
@user @user now that Rick Perry is out of the the GOP race ... MAY THE BEST HAIR WIN! 
"Oh @user your name may say ""Live"" but the god awful ""The Vamps"" we're far from live. Cut any bands who mime please !" 
My UAN was created in Jul'14 &amp; Modi unveiled it yesterday! He is just an attention seeker. Fooling people by eating credits &amp; PR activities 
Poor Bruce Springsteen: 1st Swan co-opts Badlands; then Abbott adopts the Wrecking Ball title. When will Aussie politicians leave him alone? 
"When @user scams a poor innocent girl out of 20c, after she sat in Big Brother for 2 hours.  Your pathetic, hosting rights removed." 
Ian McEwan on Charlie Hebdo - facing down hatred with laughter via 
It's looking possible that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter. Serious question: does she go to a male or female prison?? 
"Thur. Kick: Tebow's new girlfriend, Mario Williams didn't want to leave HOU, more legal troubles for D. Bryant 
"Charles Hamilton ""Black box"" is on Friday only if he was focused he would have been up there with cole and Kendrick" 
Also, rumor has it Maui Economic Chamber of Commerce was smooshing with Monsanto lunch in Friday. Hawaiian Politician in be with Monsanto. 
@user DO NOT watch the Kurt Cobain doccie. Just don't. Self Portrait, The Cult of JG Leroy, virunga &amp; They Will Have To Kill Us 1st 
@user omg I can't believe they would make another one after how terrible the 2nd one was.. Is it on Netflix? 
"90% of Muslims may be good individually. But, in a mob, 95%of Muslims are just fanatic idiots. 
I'm a Red Sox fan &amp; this man should have just SAT DOWN after his bloody sock salvation &amp; never said anything again.  
@user @user 3rd??! :O where have I been I thought Careless World was the 1st one. No? 
@user @user at least Dustin Johnson knows how to party which is why I'm guessing he falls apart by Sunday after his weekend out 
It may be significant to some of those who enjoy movies with a cult following but Sharknado is a disgrace to the film industry 
"""@RayWJ: ""Despite what you may have heard, I actually do give a shit."" --Honey Badger, in an interview with Piers Morgan""  @user 
This season of Big Brother is absolute garbage. If Austin makes it in the finale I may throw up #BB17 #Terrible #CastSUCKS 
@user how the hell is a Dunkin gonna close before 6 on a Thursday? 
Sandy messed up the great feeling of the Redskins, Cowboys, an Eagles all losing on Sunday! #Giants 
Floyd Mayweather fights Saturday and nobody cares at all because he picked a shit opponent and the fight can't even sell all the tickets lol 
Just watched the Caitlyn Jenner shit for the 1st time... Ummmm he still sound just like Bruce. NEVER WATCHING AGAIN 
"Is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story, and at least five times, mistakes the name """"Becky"""" for """"Blocky?"""" #stickingtoit" 
This may be the worst season of Big Brother #BB17 will someone please make a big move! 
Sad I didn't see @user today. Do work in Nebraska man I'll see you when you get back! 
This dude from Jerusalem say he can’t take a test Thursday b/c holloween Wednesday&he’s gonna have a hang over #purehonesty 
Bernie Sanders may care about the issues, but does he really understand them? That is the question. 
@user real shit ray Allen meeting with the Knicks tomorrow 
You may say I lost everything but I still had my bedazzler is the Lady Gaga quote I relate to the most. Bc I have nothing but a bedazzler. 
Ahhh Song Joongki.... why you still on the 3rd place ?? *sobs* 
So Amazon Prime day got rained out right? Cause there's no way those deals rival Black Friday deals. When's the rain date? 
I remember I was the only black kid in my class in 4th grade and we had a play about Bob Marley but I lost the lead role to a white girl lol 
Follow the money. Some of that $150B release to Iran is going to an Obama account! Think about it. 
Sarah Palin may have some kind of organic brain damage.  She's incoherent and inappropriate most of the time. 
"More snow tomorrow... fantastic. #ihatesnow 
"1st listen of #Compton. #2 is the worst opener for a Dre album. Like the Snoop, Eminem and Ice Cube tracks the most.Could be more westcoast." 
"This is the legacy of Tony Blair and George Bush. Intervention only seen as a plaster, not a permanent fix.  
Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid after beheading: The International Committee of the Red Cross  said on Tuesday... 
@user @user @user I love how so many idiot Christians still think Sunday is the Sabbath! Ah, Constantine...lol" 
Jeb Bush is an utter failure Should drop out now as he is in 10th place 
I'd play that Iron Maiden video game but it looks like it may contain some offensive damsel in distress tropes 
I may have made a terrible mistake by ignoring the Monster Hunter series all these years... 
Sick a’f and going to school tomorrow YOLO 
@user @user I'm still using Vista on one &amp; Win-7 on another, Vista is a dinosaur, unfortunately I may use a free 10 with limits 
It was windy on Saturday? Andre's fault. Joseph Kony hasn't been caught? Andre's fault. Dell make shit PC's? Andre's fault. #AVB #AVBout 
The thought that Frank Ocean's album may be done and that he's just sitting on it to fuck with us... Ugh. 
@user sorry I don't want to "Netflix and chill" right now Mar Mar 
The language may be different but Kpop's genres with western musics are just the same. Stop acting like it's from outer space. 
Omg worst last 10 days in a while. Looking forward to True Blood to cheer me up tonight. 
Unfortunately, I am wathcing all manifestation related to Republic Day and I just see that we are really far away 21st. century.+++ 
School tomorrow just isn't gonna work for me 
@user @user @user Russian hasn't struggled against ISIS. It may seem odd; Russia and Israel have the same aim. 
"At Least 25 Killed in Fire at Saudi Hospital: In Saudi Arabia on Thursday, a fire tore through the maternity a... 
Rick stein Saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha #thinkaboutitnobhead 
Caitlyn Jenner may have killed someone with her car but in her defense there was a problem with the tranny 
#IWillNeverUnderstandWhy Hot jam is on a Monday shit dont make any sense 
Thor's powers are so inconsistent in MCU. In the first movie he took out the Destroyer in one hit. 2nd one he's struggling with a dark elf. 
I'll believe it when I see it...Frank Ocean got my trust fucked up 
i just unfollowed my cousin's posts on facebook because he called david cameron a pussy for saying we may need to accept more migrants :) 
#SuperKamiFantasyGuru not likin this Zimmer u just SAID that Asiata was DEMOTED after Sun. GAME MAKE UP UR DAMN MIND 
I think Google may be worried that if they allow people just to add sites on Google Now, then people will use it like Google Reader. 
@user @user Never have, never will; Scumbag MBH lowlife POS maybe, but NEVER Pres. I hope the 1st Iran nuke hits him &amp; Kerry. 
Sometime in the night at Hot Jam on Monday I fell and scraped both my knees and it still hurts to bend them smh 
"3rd time at Disney land this weekend and if Thunder Mountain is closed again, I'm gonna drive the fucker myself." 
"1920: Irish War of Independence - the IRA killed 14 Brit. force members in Dublin ~ Brit. forces then killed 14 civilians ~ ""Bloody Sunday""" 
@user Is it true that Carly Fiorina won't be in Sept 16th debate. That's not ok... Let her in! 
"I sent that message on Saturday, you saw it and now you reply? Great one Curtis you asshole" 
"Down 27, why not bring Kobe Bryant and Carlos Boozer for the 4th quarter. Why not." 
Not much mention of Foreign Policy in the GOP ad tonight. Wonder if any of them even know how to pronounce Erdogan? 
"Just saw my 1st idk what you call it, but this woman was screaming @ Dunkin' Donuts &amp; recroding them on her phone. Looks crazy in real life." 
With school starting tomorrow I'm gonna be missing out on so much with Zayn this makes me so sad 
"To put things into perspective, 12 people died during the Charlie Hebdo attack in January. Today, the death toll is at 120 and rising #Paris" 
"The most unrealistic thing in any movie was in ""Compton"" when Ice Cube was sitting in front a Mac with Final Draft open writing ""Friday.""" 
FYF Saturday tickets are still very expensive but I kind of want one solely so I can see Frank Ocean. 
That's what happens when you hang around with IRA Terrorists. It's hard to have any sympathy for the cunt.  
@user @user spent over 40 mins &amp; gave up coz it changes just before you print every time. C'mon team. Earn your dosh pls. 
@user Tumblr keeps eating my messages. Something came up tho sobs. ;__; I’ll tell everything tomorrow/tonight. I love you lots ;; 
@user if you don't see me Monday, tell everyone I shot myself in front of Mario Lemieux's statue." 
"Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges, but on the bright side, her new vagina could still be tried as an adolescent." 
"I know Niall, it's Monday, the worst day of the week #DontTalkToNiall" 
The amount of people on Facebook sharing the Daily Currant article about Sarah Palin is hilarious. (Guys, it's satire. C'mon people.) 
@user @user @user C'mon bro,you know Rousey isn't this hot" 
@user @user @user @user ventura couldn't make it and Sunday's comp idk 
Seriously all of you people are dumb saying that all of the schools in CNY are going to be closed tomorrow... 
"'America's Got Talent' semifinals begin Tuesday: We want different singers than American Idol and X Factor, said... 
Awww hell. It was a black cop that shot the white student at South Alabama. Let’s all go march naked in Mobile for Trayvon. I mean Gil. 
the one time i just want to put my hair in a bun and wear yoga pants tomorrow i can't /: 
@user they canceled the Frankie date that was supposed to be tomorrow.  So now everyone is going to the rescheduled show in South Bend. 
Just seen hat somebody tried to sell a baby today -- George Osborne will be charging VAT on them next - at least on the 3rd one 
I may have just dropped two letter grades of intelligence after listening to that Kanye West rant... 
Boko Haram alliance with ISIL may have destroyed any glimpse of a dialogue via @user #BokoHaram 
Dear Spurs, You are out of COC, not in Champions League and come May wont be in top 4. Why do you even exist? 
HOLY SHIT. I just realized that I missed Pretty Little Liars on Tuesday. :/ 
Kremlin support of Assad regime may lead to possible"confrontation" with US led coalition:Kerry #RAAF @user 
@user still upset you didn't tweet about MetLife on Wednesday :( 
"On and on it goes. Guardian: 'Jeremy Corbyn poses national security threat, says George Osborne' 
1st time I bring my phone to Harold Washington & it goes off! :/ 
Will Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, and all the top ten who swore to support the GOP primary winner.....do it.   Looks like they may end with TRUMP! HA 
RT @user I stopped watching them after the 2nd one RT @user Final Destination 5? I'll pass &lt; I watched them all sadly 
Im gonna fail tomorrow so fuck it i dont care anymore.. Im gonna try to cheer myself up a little and watch The big bang Theory. 
@user Cubs fans still complaining that Kris Bryant didnt come up til May now number in the dozens. 
Oracle is the worst thing that ever happened to Sun and Solaris. Full Stop. 
Listened to Brock Lesnar on ESPN radio this morning and a little disappointed he wasn't able to plug Logan Storley's 1st MMA match Friday. 
@user @user @user if it meant no scum mexicans, Muslims or Africans could go there I would go to Europe tomorrow" 
"Do more with less, George Osborne says with talk of 40% more cuts. You do less with less and guess who suffers?" 
Many feared dead as a bomb blast rocks the crowded Sunday market in Damaturu. Boko Haram shall be defeated 
School tomorrow just killed the awesome vibe I was just in 
Are you fucking stupid? You can't talk about sales when Mariah Carey outsold bey with her 3rd album please stfu damn 
I'm not entirely sure how I went from a crummy Sam Smith visual gag to aching existentialism but sudden Sun Kil Moon will do that to you 
"PS: the Supreme Court couldn't overturn the 14th amendment anyway, Carly Fiorina... #meetthepress #figureitout #dumbass #dobetterbywomen" 
"Holm for Rousey on Jan. 2nd, not Cupcake. Haven't been even slightly impressed with Holm yet. That's another paddling. #AndStill" 
Miss you - Aaliyah on repeat. too many lost ones pop in my mind. Tribute to them may be on the way from me...look out 
@user  Just like Christians with their bible, Americans are cherry picking the 2nd amendment.  #gunsense" 
"One of the son of neighbor lawyer even said ""these blood thirsty people will hang Yakub tomorrow"" - Last Night" 
Bio on Monday but I'm reading this instead, well bio and Batman both start with b!! 
I honestly thought you lot had lost it and were talking about the 8th series of Big Brother. 
Want to fight Obama's terrible #IranDeal? Help us send a message by joining us at the Capitol tomorrow 
Whether it's the 3rd round or 4th round Dustin Johnson just doesn't like Sunday's in majors!! 
Stop Monsanto's Dream Bill in the Senate via @user GMO's may be very dangerous! 
"Every bad is happening. I'm having the worst summer ever, Shawn doesn't come to Portugal and I'm still white like June @user 
She said something about Nicki? How dare she...the actual question is who is she like seriously is she famous or sum 
@user @user @user hi Tony. As usual U pick up the story at a convenient place in time. SCOTUS imposed this on US 1st 
@user Scummy Saha will play against us on Saturday , I hope he won’t score like how he scored in the North London Derby 
@user Rousey is not the Hero we deserve 
#Dubw  Seems the @user are Anti Good Friday Agreement. Same as Real IRA and CIRA. Some bedfellows there ! 
Wichita St. with 3 errors in 2 innings. I imagine veteran coach Gene Stephenson is boiling in the dugout. MSU lead 6-0, bottom 2nd. 
"Just like the 2nd coming, am moving creepy - Hot Jam" 
@user hamza said he would shout me out on snapchat on Eid last Friday but he didn't...hoe nation. 
@user  CAN's Jerry may find a spot on Donald Trump's team in the US!  This guy is about at the same worse-than-awful level.Should fit. 
Also, my fucking iPod got stolen at snipes &amp; the only thing I can't let go of is the music. Take the 1st gen iPod, just want my Jamz back 
# Kentucky But gay folks are ruining the sanctity of marriage  
Wow Vick this is why i stopped with montreal canadiens..foreign languages..say one thing..may mean  
Remarkable Honda may leave milan - if he chose Lazio instead he may still have been playing football #Lazio #wrongchoice #SerieA 
"it's September 1st, I've lost all hoped relating to frank ocean, now I must rescue him bc he's been abducted by the government" 
@user If I see someone else telling you that I might just fucking burn them alive. May work to do a nice Dark Souls bonfire. 
Even when the Pope says something nice he is saying something rotten. 
"My icon may be Seb and I may talk about Seb 24/7, but I am just as much Chris Evans trash as I am Sebastian Stan trash" 
Honestly, if the BBC, the habourer of the rich and countless pedophiles were to just no longer exist tomorrow, they wouldn't be missed! 
May Allah make David Cameron The taghoot disabled and give him cancer in his brain. Ameen. 
At some point tomorrow morning/afternoon, the #NHL will can the Winter Classic, and effectively the entire season. Is it March Madness yet? 
The 80yr old woman arrested for streaking at the Chelsea Flower Show had on 1st prize in the Dried Bush Arrangement. 
It's not like a guy who's now a 3rd stringer behind CHRISTIAN PONDER and Teddy Bridgewater could lead the Pats to 11 wins one year.... 
#FunFacts about Arlene Foster 1st DUP leader to have been involved in an IRA bomb.  1st DUP leader to hail from West of the Bann. 
@user you didn't miss much, terrible 1st half, 2nd was much better. I prefer Gazza, Boruc should be dropped after that." 
As if Tom Brady was going to lay waste to the Commissioner in a damn phone interview. C'mon. You know better. 
When Mr.Craig said sunday night was officially the last day of Marching Band. < < 
".@htownskeptic These ""persecuted"" Christians uused to celibrate Nov 5 by burning the Pope if effigy. @user @user @user 
@user He's calling out the slime in D.C I don't like his support of Planned Parenthood.. I think he's tax plan may be lax.. 
"""@ESPNChrisPalmer: Dwight Howard gets his 4th career 30-point, 10-rebound, 5-assist game."" Too bad it comes in a loss. #Portland" 
Whoever is going to see Eric church's like a wrecking ball live this Saturday I hate you 
60 Mile cycle ride today. Been sat on that seat for so long my arse feels like its been spiked with Rohypnol by a Redneck #ouch 
these niggas been showin the return of derrick rose commercials ever since the summer but he not comin back til like march.. 
Reading The Sun and watching Jeremy Kyle. Where did it all go wrong? Better do some work. #ashamed 
"If Carly Fiorina ran the US the way she ran HP, we'd be doomed - 
C’mon... don’t play with the Winans!!! 
@user Akin and Murdoch are scum, but rape jokes aren’t much better brah.  They may just be just a (cont) 
"What has this world has come to,1st Trump 4 president,now Kim Kardashian emojis.Do they have to take all the joy?#trump#Kardashians#bullshit" 
Angela Merkel and a Palestinian asylum seeker:http://t.co/skU8zM7Slh Get civilized Islam! Stop crowding our world with your barbaric ways. 
@user Sounds like April may know the person that has taken her but just hope we DON'T have another Tia Sharp case on our hands!! 
@user I dunno. Kentucky's legislature never approved Gay Marriage, 10th Amendment leaves it to the States. How's that hard?" 
@user @user May not have. But I just know appeared to be better in early 80s before Reagan fired Air traffic controllers. 
Frank Gaffney is not insane. He may not even be a true hater. He is a bigot for pay, just like Steve Emerson. Hate is their racket. 
Justin Bieber's manager Scooter Braun reveals he thought he may die via @user 
@user @user no the IRA grew out of oppression &amp; internment &amp; Bloody Sunday &amp; Ballymurphy &amp; kids killed by rubber bullets &amp; 
Paul McCartney is coming to Buffalo October 22!  Guess who is going to be out of town that week........me #fuck 
On Sunday morning Pastor Rob McCoy addressed the atrocity of Planned Parenthood and their selling of baby body... 
Iranian general says Israel’s Iron Dome can’t deal with their missiles (keep talking like that and we may end up finding out) 
Q: Why #JavedHashmi resignd in d 1st place if he wantd to remain part of Parliament? &amp; why he left @user &amp; aftrwrds acceptd thr support? 
@user didn't iPOOP just came out with 3rd gen IJUNK not to long ago? why the 4TH??? CUZ they CAN NOT compete with SAMSUNG, ASUS,NEXES....,,," 
Oh my god everyone please stop talking about the Steelers tonight. We are not playing. We are irrelevant tonight. 
"Doug Martin had an explosive FF week just like Vincent Jackson did last Sunday. of course, Martin is my opponent, so I am not as stoked." 
Bobby Jindal wants to bring his harm to the entire nation as president he will never be.  
If they ban all p0rn in India, Chrome's Incognito window may be the next thing to die after Google+. 
@user fasho if you can ask Curtis if he got social media tomorrow or whenever that's be chill I fucked with him heavy 
@user You didn't say that yesterday with Milan? Btw, you see Thiago Smalling today? ;)" 
@user yeah the mosny's dece, may do a Tony Blair and do politics as well but without bombing Iraq illegally shit. You like science?" 
Both semi's of the 2004/05 UCL were sick!! The Milan - Psv 2nd leg was just nasty 
@user randy orton may be boring but  you are a bitch 
Chris bosh MAY be the ugliest man alive. 
@user @user Still, that doesn't detract from the facts. Monsanto may be monopolist jerks but their crops are safe. 
"San Jose, Calif.-based eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY) announced the job cuts in a statement Monday morning. Most of the job eliminations would be fro..." 
I haven’t been able to look at Todd Bertuzzi the same way since the Steve Moore incident 
@user nooooo I am possibly going to be in dayton tomorrow night!!! :( 
Everton Vs. Chelsea so early on a Saturday. These boys want to ruin my weekend. Why Lord. 
"Before you go to bed, can you tell Saudi Arabia to stop beheading kids please? Someone might listen to you 
Bolton Wanderers have sacked manager Owen Coyle following a poor start to the season. The club currently sit in 18th in the Championship. 
So we can't run ads to help catch the 16 most wanted terrorists because it might offend Muslims.... Great.... 
20 Aug 1994: Harry lives the nightmare of Voldemort killing Frank Bryce. 20 Aug 2011: We all live the nightmare of Kim Kardashian's wedding. 
I was supposed to go to the Covina game tomorrow to see Josh, I don’t even know wtf I’m doing! 
@user i was mad too i had vernon davis, frank gore, AND i was up by like 15 going in to monday night..i’m tight lol 
"Your siblings may be cool, but they aren't ""3 am Dunkin run for the hell of it"" cool. @user #latenightthoughts" 
How is Gucci coming out with a movie in October when hes still in jail 
As long as the final shot is called by @user there is no such thing as moderates in Iran. 
Sorry to the Directioners, Beliebers, Lovatics, and Team Grimmie people who don’t like BTR but tomorrow is going to be all to Kendall. 
@user @user it wasn't a fair fight, it just proves that Seth Rollins can't win a title w/o someone taking his opponent down 1st!" 
Yakub coverage: Outrage over notice to channels: Various journalists' bodies on Saturday expressed shock over the show-cause notice s... 
The last thing Sonia &amp; Rahul Gandhi want today is words of support from Robert Vadra. It may only jeopardise their case #SoniaRahulHazirHo 
@user And like Doug Wead has said many times, if he didn’t run as a Republican many may have never known about him. 
@user @user Monday was the Labor Day holiday. We are catching up with the 11,000 tons of trash that didn't get picked up. 
Mrs arrested 4 streaking @ Crufts. Judge gave her 2nd place with her puppies but said her Afghan could do with a trim 
"And the worst PPV of the year award goes to: Floyd Mayweather, Sept 12th" 
"Since the high school's dress code basically doesn't let us wear anything, how many rules would i be breaking if i came in naked tomorrow" 
@user when we were in 3rd grade she stole my Valentine Day cards and crossed my name out and put hers on them n passed em out. 
still can't get my IPOD 3rd gen shuffle to change songs cos of the USB NOT RECOGNIZED ERROR 43 shit. Does this mean I need new USB CABLE? 
@user I don't play the role of the victim, unlike your precious BLM, who march, Iran riot, loot, &amp; break more laws for criminals." 
"MILAN, Aug 30 (Reuters) - After losing only three league games last season Juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a" 
Hating Breitbart out tomorrow in Wisconsin - Oshkosh, Appleton, Ashwaubenon, and Brookfield. Check it out, guys! #conservative 
"Get out!! but it may be too late to save your country. You can blame Tony Blair, George Bush and Merkal. A sad... 
@user Hi corps I ordered two boxes of Ant-man on July  23rd and I haven't received anything not even a email. I emailed you guys. 
"Well, I get to hang out at the Smith Center for 14 hours tomorrow. Good night, Tweeter. #fucklife" 
May I hear the sound of democracy? @user @user / @user Saudi Arabia is about to behead teenage boy for attending a protest aged 15 
Tomorrow Modest will show us Louis and briana together. But you know this is a lie. #OhNoBriana 
What would the Sept 16 CNN debate look like should Trump refuse to participate unless Carly Fiorina is there?  Go Donald for justice ! 
"Okay, so Paper Towns. Super super uncomfortable with the black character wearing a confederate flag shirt. It may have been in the book, but" 
#Corbyn A desperate attack on JC today twitter. BBC, Telegraph, Sun, harpy known as Mensch. Hold on through the screaming for all our sakes! 
"I was finally warming up to a 3rd fight with Tate, and then the UFC goes and throws a Holm-run ball to Rousey. I don't get it....." 
@user Rousey my dear, aim higher please. What's in it to waste time with a lizard shit 'runner'?   C'mon!" 
@user it's a joke! Troicki v young into a 5th set and on Sky go we are forced to watch Murray walking into the practice court??? 
"She may be trans, but she has 100 million to wipe away her tears from being discriminated against. I feel no sympathy for Caitlyn Jenner." 
"It's kinda awful when you can relate to that ""Bad Blood"" song. Bc it's my life Monday thru Thursday. I did NOTHING! And if I did tell me!" 
The force was not with him when Jeb Bush tried to get social on #ForceFriday  #marketing #millennials 
"Today, we found out that Rob Henry tore his ACL, Steve Jobs is stepping down, the Colts signed Kerry Collins, and The Carter 4 leaked." 
@user Like Tyler and Luke's teams with Josh and Devin close behind. Hate Shawn's team. If I had to choose a 2nd worst team it's Dustin. 
@user Really? really? Terry’s guilt was well proven, TV footage was available. Suarez was punished of the strength of Evra’s word. C’mon! 
I’m missing VCU’s 1st scrimmage against VUU to study for an exam. Apparently #Havoc is here: 53-13 VCU up in just the 1st qtr. #damn 
"Sad news! 150 people shot, drowned in Yobe river by Boko Haram gunmen. May Allah curse the haramist wherever they're  
Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with vehicular manslaughter  Guess women really can't drive 
David Cameron is a disgrace. A migration free for all may not be the solution, but neither is turning a blind eye to it... 
7 Boko Haram militants killed in a clash with Chadian security forces: Yesterday Wednesday ... Via @user 
Bernie Sanders is about to torpedo any chance Hillary might have of winning the White House going 3rd party. lmao 
"Boko Haram New Deadly Attack: Nigeria Warns US: On Monday, August 24, Nigeria warned the United States and oth... 
"Manor Hospital, which may ultimately lead to disaster If you make an 'Up the Duff' joke? Ibuprofen should take George Osborne's cue &amp;amp;" 
"No, Danny Elfman. No you may not." 
No sir, I am not about to get on SPC for hiring Young Eli to go out there and entertain them white folks on a Monday night 
I'm emotional calibraska is tomorrow and I can't get it ughhhh h8 life 
"And Obama is silent as always, because it has to do with Christians and/or non-muslims. Wake up people he is ONE! 
If Kanye West becomes president I may move to America.... So I could flee the country. 
i keep thinking about the fact that MMG will be in lexington on saturday and i won’t be there:((((( 
Veteran day is tomorrow and I have a project due? O.o 
@user heard she can't even eat an apple, her teeth are still loose &amp; fight in July? Dana White didn't milk her enough?!" 
Went to try soloing warship in ICC 25man for the 15th time today. Still very glitchy and they kill my ship in literally 5 hits :( 
I know I saw them at Roskilde Festival 10' but it's still sad that I can't go tomorrow. :( 
On MVC teleconference, it seems Jacobson found a lot more things wrong with Saturday’s exhibition after seeing the tape. #UNIhoops 
@user the Pro Bowl definitely isn’t better and NBA All-Star game is trash until 4th qtr 
Feeding the dogs an hour later since DST ends soon and I don't want them waking me up at 6am on Sunday. They hate this. I hate DST. 
@user the death of our dear President Umar M.Yar Adua brought us GEJ,a disaster which brought about Boko Haram 
Diego Costa a doubt for tomorrow. Then again he's been a doubt for half Chelsea's games this season. #cfc 
".@GovMikeHuckabee If there's no law against something, that means it's legal. Laws against gay marriage violate the 14th Amendment." 
On 17th anniversary of Rabin assassination, Netanyahu calls murder ’one of the worst crimes of the new age’ 
"Egypt rejects $257M natural gas deal with Israel: Arutz Sheva - Middle East - Fri, 25 Dec 2015 06:23:43 GMTegy... 
"if Yakub had faith in Indian Judicial System that he came back, why did he blow up people in Mar-93 as justice for riot victims?" 
Anyone else feel like Cool Pope may be in jeopardy of going down Julius Caesar-style? 
@user @user @user why are you built like john cena? And why did a 9th grader do your tattoos 
@user @user they are ORGANISING this invasion with the help of 5th columnista Angela  MERKEL who is selling out Germany 
Highly doubt that iPad will be covered during the #AppleEvent tomorrow. 
@user the same Rousey fans tht scream Money May doesn't fight anyone, be the first to make an excuse as to why Rousey won't move up" 
Did @user break Windows 10? Was working fine on Wednesday but now I can't get passed the login screen without it freezing up. 
"Never got into Iron Maiden. As with everything else, I like only 1/10th of Metal.  Not saying they're bad, just not for me.  @user 
@user may Brook live under the Shariah, in Saudi Arabia 4 the rest of her miserable life. Allah Akbar!! Brookie girl LOL" 
"Displeased with Lion, I may take this opportunity to learn Windows 7. Or Linux. Or poke myself in the eye." 
British and Europeans also thought Hitler was not a threat either. Russians were nice and Muslims just misunderstood 
Nike didn't have what I needed so now I need to order it online AND I NEED IT TOMORROW IHML 
I may well need Therapy for what that Guy just did to one of my all time favourite David Bowie Songs... WTF was THAT!!!  #XFactorLiveShows 
"Erdogan is taking #Turkey to war to win an election. This may be the biggest miscalculation of his political career" 
I hate it when people say that Lady Gaga is ugly. ( Marry the Thursday !) 
Uncharted 4 delayed until april 26 fuck..... now i debating getting it at launch since Dark Souls 3 is coming out april 12th 
@user only shiite only in iran. the rest of muslim world enjoy ashura porridge for 1st muharram 
"RT @user remembering the good times with Pavol Demitra, I was there on this night....deeply saddened by todays tragedy ..." 
Saudi Arabia will behead 2nd teen protester - Business Insider    Governance by the peaceful? 
@user Also, Hillary may begin to give the perception that perhaps she may tend to allow herself to be portrayed as less than accurate. 
all you gun owner better get ready B/C the next thing SCOTUS will be redefining is the 2nd amend 
@user @user The next time they show up for a match is on the 1st. Whether they'll f***ing PLAY I don't know 
Typical that when the Great Yorkshire Show gets cancelled the sun comes out. Oh well. That's England for you. 
well I'm out dogs see u all Friday when I will send 90 tweets about garbage cheating trash Ryan Braun. Good night 
kinda sad you're not doing a liveshow this tuesday to talk about why kanye west is the kanye best :( @user 
But Tom Brady was going to miss 4 games because of deflated footballs... 
"Am contemplating watching Ant-Man, should I see it, or wait for the shorter, although more irritating Dec-Man?" 
@user @user then this shit better fucking end tonight Briana and I don't want to hear anything from you tomorrow or ever 
@user yes, I asked an attendant to print out a paper pass. But this was not the 1st time delta IOS app lost my login info. Annoying. 
"By that same logic, ISIS, Boko Haram or the MenInGreen could've done it. Right? 
This sounds like when Sarah Palin was interviewed and didn't know the answer.  Claimed she was being set up. 
Ray Lewis was voted the 5th most overrated player in the NFL by other players?! Its some hating ass mofos in the NFL 
"Dentist may lose Navy job in Saratoga due to Israel ties: ""You have weekly telephone contact with your mother ...  
@user @user @user @user @user I was supposed to take my SATS tomorrow but it got postponed. :( 
gonna be so sad when the Dallas story is full of Ed Sheeran's concert on Saturday 
Dad's going to Hat Yai tomorrow. Waaaaa. Cant see him for the next 4 days. Hmm. 
Sam smith is such a bad choice for the Bond song for Spectre like c'mon 
Im so mad at Catholics im going to a Baptist church tomorrow and converting #boilingmad 
I'm of the opinion that there may be a military coup in Turkey. There are similarities between Erdogan &amp; Menderes. 
I just heard that Carly Fiorina may not make the CNN Debate because of OLD Polling they use!!!  Now this is the... 
I’m sitting home on a Saturday night watching Silent House with my parents. #looooser xP 
@user thanks for nothing Royal Mail. Still waiting for my Iron Maiden cd. Out on the 4th. Still not here. Away for a week now not happy 
Another NCA football coach needs lessons in PR 101. #1 Don’t make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media. 
@user @user had cpl 10-3 seasns but c'mon now,doesnt take a genius to google how bad you guys were.OSU NEVER been that bad 
I miss Sarah G Live last Sunday. Will watch it later. 
Body pls get your shit together and get rid of this flu tomorrow is Star Wars day ffs 
Please!!! Watch Fox News 9pm central tonight (Friday) to see what Planned Parenthood is doing with with Millions of our  tax dollars. 
@user @user not a Trump fan, but note this tweet is from January 7, date of the Charlie Hebdo shooting." 
Think imma go see Flight tomorrow.. Denzel’s the shit 
BBC news website has absolutely nothing on the Ikea stabbing. Is it because Muslims may be the murderers? 
anyway enough about me being sad Steal My Girl video tomorrow WWAT film today   #EMABiggestFans1D  #StealMyGirlVideo 
Very Unfair: West Indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala (TimesNow) #INDvsWI #WestIndies 
"Rangers LF Josh Hamilton was out again with a sore left knee, and he'll have an MRI on Friday.  #Rangers" 
"Spotify is all ""Matt and Kim station eh? May we suggest David Guetta?""  No, you may not." 
Well Amazon Prime Day kind of sucked, didn't it? I was hoping for much more. "Bigger than Black Friday," huh? 
@user Holy shit, that was written on August 5th. Now she can write the August 11th requiem: "Rick Perry: TOO Smart For This Campaign?" 
Yeah, I know it's Sunday delivery &amp; whatnot - and who else does that?! - but my Amazon Prime package is 3 and a half hours late... So far... 
Israeli occupation forces clash with Christians after Sunday mass 
July 27th 2015- the day all the women who find Dean Ambrose attractive died 
All Cheney could say is that's it's Obama's fault...classic, as if Iran started its nuke program on Jan 1st 2009 
Sam smith just canceled his concert for tomorrow. I'm soooooooo pissed 
"false, no such thing as ""a song better than march madness"", Kendrick would tell you that too 
The only thing scarier than Kanye West running for president is that there's a slight chance Kim Kardashian may be the First Lady.. 
Kinda sucks, he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done 
@user I will be so dead after the 1st 4 days lol it will be like BORN - Kiryu - Kiryu - BORN - DEAD. XD 
@user my flight DL418 to Milan just returned to JFK due to a mechanical issue. What are my options for getting to Milan by tomorrow? 
Sad to say about the big promoter of Monsanto is ahead 
I may be a Patriots fan but I was really hoping the cowboys would win.....I really hate the Giants....with all my heart....and more... 
@user Remember the British? Sun never sets. Now it's a soggy island getting overrun by Muslims. 
Now they playin this dumb ass Friday song by Rebecca black on the intercoms 
So I've found at least 3 different typos in Jurassic Park since I started reading it. C'mon how long has this book been out? 
@user We may not win Academy Awards, but we will be the freaking People’s Choice dammit!!! 
Lorax is on for the 3rd time today! Dammit I was tryna hold off on finishing this book, Can’t put it down #Reading 
"""""Unforgivable"""" by Christina Grimmie..not quite feeling it yet. Then again, I wasn’t """"quite feeling"""" Safe & Sound til I heared it a 2nd time!" 
"If something wrong happen tomorrow due to Yakub death sentence, media should be blame for it. They r making it more sensitive. #YakubToHang" 
@user you may want to fix this... 
@user @user People may throw Christians in jail&amp; punish bodies, but they can't take away the Lord. 
Fake Democrats lose in Wisconsin primary recalls All six fake Democrats lost to Democrats supported by the party in primaries Tuesday that 
Just saying Briana got pregnant when she had a bf in March/April and Louis and eleanor had just broken up isn't that just fishy 
I may have just thrown a lime at an NFL player. Apologies forthcoming #ivaluemylife 
@user it's Mexican! Sorry for the late answer, iPad' charging fucked me yesterday :D" 
Las Vegas is my 3rd home and I’ll be there after the election but The Wynn just lost my business after the bogus Obama comments. 
1st of all...why didn't Meek help Nicki to the stage. I would have cussed him to filth 
And thus ended Scott walker's run. Don't try to out Trump the Donald.  
Peter Capaldi states the BBC has no substitute, well what's Channel 4 you selfish parasite 
Today is the 7th anniversary of Israel's major aggression against #Gaza. They killed 1500 Palestinian citizens in 22 days. 
"Imagine if in the 70s, to fight the IRA, MI5 had demanded to know every shop visited, book read, inquiry made ++ 
@user "For a limited time"   What about an eternally lasting NO &amp; plz shove Cortana where the sun doesn't shine 
@user I spoke with Trumps campaign today. I told them colleges.Thats how Obama won &amp;Carson moving up.got email Iowa st sat. I said bring 
@user @user  However, I don't think today's SCOTUS and Fed Govt would interpret the 9th that way.  9th &amp;10th have seemingly disappeared 
@user U2, at this point, may be the worst U2 tribute band." 
Congress will hold its first hearing on the Planned Parenthood controversy. Guess who wasn't invited to testify? 
@user my point was that just your fathers fear of Islam may actually stem from its similarities to Judaism 
Carly Fiorina says no to challenging the Constitution or 14th amendment &amp; does not support deportation. 
I hate you @user u crash more then any other application Tho @user office ur close 2nd U both can share #firstplace 4 my dislike 2day 
When they sing the chorus all together after Zayn's 2nd solo in 18 is where it all goes down hill 
@user @user And just wait for the BBC partnership to kick in. May as well rename Eastern Tory Policies now 
the Sam Smith concert is Monday and I'm not going...I'm so upset 
"Pissed off with cable tv for taking away the CW Network. Now I can't watch WWE saturday morning show, vampire diaries, etc! This ruined me." 
C'mon Game, don't do that - Chris brown is a lil boy, you gon hurt him. Over Karrueche? Nah man 
Well, what do you know....   "Spokane sues Monsanto for PCB contamination" 
Nothing better to do on a Monday night than watch the 1995 Miss Teen USA pageant... @user 
So Yakub's wife was lying when she said we know nothing about Tiger Memon.  
World Peace has no talent. I have no reason why we let go of Lamar Odom in the first place. Best 6th man we’ve had in a while. 
@user 2nd computer with same error!!! #Windows10fail Guess we will shelve this until SP1! 
Theo Walcott is still shit, watch Rafa and Johnny deal with him on Saturday. 
@user @user Flipkart isn't letting me exchange my Moto G 2nd gen mobile. They are cancelling my orders. You just lost a buyer. 
"You can't escape the truth by closing eyes.  If not Yakub today, something else tomorrow;they will be like this only 
"Anyone saying they're supporting #HillaryClinton b/c ""it's time for a woman President"" is LYING unless their 2nd choice is Carly Fiorina.#p2" 
I never had a good time, I sat by my bedside. With papers and poetry about Estella 
Dustin Johnson just can't do Sunday's 
@user Rock Im Park busted me on Sunday... I got in illegally. Soon I may get a problem.. Was for 5 hours with the police... 
Well one $99 Amazon prime fiasco later my stuff for the game Friday is guaranteed to be here Thursday...I'm counting on u Amazon! 
@user Terry bolea may be racist but I refuse to believe the Hulk Hogan is anything but a true American Hero #brother @user 
So has Ruto finished his 1st term you twitter constitution lawyers seems you've gone back to your daily hustles 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD is the focus of something others like say maybe church based hospitals may be doing , the market did not birth with them 
Floyd Mayweather to fight Andre Berto in September. Nobody cares. Either give Amir Khan or my boy Miguel Cotto a shot before you hang em up. 
@user Must think you're frank ocean, delaying the release till tomorrow." 
"I think Dark Souls is made of crack. I have to kill the no story series, and start a new series for Monday." 
@user In Illinois, schools are closed on Casimir Pulaski Day, the first Monday of March. I have no clue who the fuck he is, but w/e. 
I'm going to try to get it done before I see Shawn tomorrow but I don't think it's gunna happen 
#Panorama was just a start. Expect a tsunami of BBC bullshit if/when Corbyn wins on Saturday. #JezWeCan #Corbyn4Leader #Jeremy4Leader 
Chris Evans is going to New Orleans wizard world in Jan &amp; I just found out today I'm so upset 
"MSA is having a Poo-Poo kind of day!  :(  If you are experiencing trouble with the site, I apologize.  We may be... 
@user So Taker/HBK had the 2nd to least amount of blood? That shocks me cause HBK was in  pool of his own blood at the end. 
dont get paid till saturday but im going traffod centre tonight, cba 
Zionism has made Israel one big prison. They don't realize they are the architects of their own demise. 
Either live within the laws of Nigeria or you take a hike to Iran where you have publicly pledged your allegiance to 
ESPN has their nose squarely up the Nation of Islam's ass. #espnsucks #espnblockedatourhouse Veteran's kudos to Curt. 
@user I agree Ace, it was pretty bad and what I saw on PS4 was much better.  I don't have one so I may just go to something else!" 
@user @user This doesn't feel like Big Brother, but rather an episode of ""Are you smarter than a 5th grader?""" 
Khan says Chisora won’t be the same after his KO vs Haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on Saturday? #idiot 
@user you mean 1st? And okay you’re gonna have a hard time persuading people that you dont like Tyler with that @ name 
"well it may not be 1:30am, but the Red Sox lost 5-1, my little brother got carsick, and most importantly it's way past my bedtime." 
"George Bush doesn't care about black people Kanye West, Sept 2 2005  ""I have decided to run for president in 2020"" Kanye West, Aug 30 2015" 
"Sad news today, what a great player. RT @user Pavol Demitra has died in the Russian plane crash." 
@user @user that's not True! It's a pic from the month of January after Charlie Hebdo. For the moment, it's forbidden to go out" 
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow 8A.M -6P.M and I wake up at 6.15A.M plus homework wuuuuuut do you think I'm Chuck Norris or 
"America's Killing Factory" A look behind the walls of Planned Parenthood.  Coming Monday September 14th @ 9pm  
I have an important race tomorrow, which determines if we make CIF, and I’m sitting here eating donuts.. 
Was going back up to Dayton in January but ion really think I can handle being up there to live that place ain't no good for me 
@user wonder if Bukhari thinks the Muslim patrols in East London, the actions of ISIL, al Qaeda and Boko Haram ALL Muslim  may have" 
"Probably not going to make it to yoga class tomorrow, seeing as how I can't fucking sleep. I was doing so well too!" 
Gotta love the Rick Perry delusion ... God has tricked 'Tricky Ricky'. 
According to rolling stone, Kurt Cobain is the 12th greatest guitarist of all time... Somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me. 
"Fellas were giving out Mormon bibles in CIT on Monday, nobody took one. Same on Tuesday. Today they tried to lure us in with sweets..." 
My sister wants me to workout with her at the crack of dawn tomorrow in oracle... 
"#LIBERALISM101  Claim you're a Christian.. Then every November vote for a party of Atheist, Muslims, Abortionist, &amp;  Anti #AllLivesMatter" 
Ni**as In Paris encore, 2 mosh pits, it’s too far away to see B, but the 2nd pit failed because of B’s security! 
I made the leftover Halloween candy last until December 3? I . . . I don't know who I am anymore. 
It was just a matter of time. This Pope's day may be numbered as head of church -&gt; Conservative dissent is (cont) 
I really wish I didn't have to take the ACT tomorrow 
Horrible news. The 17 yo girl stabbed at the Pride Parade on Thursday died of her wounds... BDE 
GA Tech Game, Falcons Game, Joe Biden in town, Dragon Con, Labor Day Traffic, Rain Traffic..I may just stay the night where im at fuck it. 
I only have one of the most important tests of my career Monday. Of course I can do your shit instead of mine! at its finest" 
13 fucking mins I've just sat and watch Kanye west exception speech from the vma's. it made no sense what so ever 
Lucian Favre having 2nd thoughts about Gladbach qualifying for the Champions League - Juventus, Man City and Sevilla. Group Of Death. 
Leftist communists want it rewritten to show Yakub as an innocent saviour unlike what was originally written!   
@user Saudi Arabia the centre of  Islam, a Mecca for Muslims, have taken No fleeing Muslim refugees! You'd think be 1st place." 
"when people insult Nirvana it's sooooo hard to maintain my anger, yeah they may not be your thing but there's no need to critise their music" 
@user Martin Atkinson the man in the middle on Sunday. #NUFC have never won an away game with him in charge. 6 Losses and 4 Draws 
Amy Schumer is on Sky Atlantic doing one of the worst stand up sets I have ever seen. And I've almost sat through 30 seconds of Millican. 
"School starts tomorrow and I'm still sad AF about Zayn, Louis is a dad and now this tf #OneDirection" 
"Amanda thinks that because she’s not """"going to the Oscars"""" is a valid excuse for her not washing her hair since Thursday." 
@user ...so a sextape leaks, which may or may not be Briana, and it automatically means management set it up and she's a pornstar..." 
Fans jeer Milan after they draw against bottom club Verona: Milan's inconsistent season worsened Sunday as it ... 
If you're bored, Ask Siri, "Hillary sucks big green donkey dicks" prepare to laugh like you were in 8th grade!! 
I sat through the whole of Sharknado 2 I'm pretty sure NS is nothing compared to that shit. 
Sucks for all the people who actually wanted to see Frank Ocean hahahaha . 
@user One last time. I want my Moto G 3rd Gen 16gb which I ordered or else I want compensation. Choice is yours. 
"Been here 10 minutes, already got me drink took of es fs, sian n Rosie's disappeared and I'm sat on some chair swings with Niall, fuck sake" 
Deron just put me on punishment becuz I said I may be sleep by the time he may head to Rhons 
"When they said Stoops has been """"chagrined by 3rd down problems"""" it sounded like they mean OU having problems." 
Tina Fey may look like Sarah Palin but she sure as hell has a lot more going on in the brain region #Bossypants 
it wasn't a little sobbing cry it was like full on tears pourin Kim Kardashian type of cry.  Man I hate Big Hero 6. Rip baemax-me 5th hour 
Russia denies deal with Iran over military cooperation in meeting on Wednesday   - Breaking News Buzz 
@user wrong. Friday - Rebecca black. Are you some special kind of stupid? Ugh 
@user what was the reason U did  not ask questions in the Kerry interview  Sat in silence When U speak it is only to mock the right 
@user wyd mate? 1st you knock up that ugg Briana , &amp; now you unfollow Eleanor on IG. Wyd?Wyd?Wyd?" 
"hey frank ocean, i know u been fuckin with us on your new album shit, but dont u dare drop it on the 28th k thank u" 
"My mom sat down and told me that no matter what, if Kanye west becomes president we are leaving the country" 
@user @user this is my 3rd Galaxy Note 4 and still glitchy I have to restart it about 3 times a day. What happened to quality? 
@user Ordered PC parts on Amazon Prime Day, one day shipping, haven't received my item yet. It is now Monday. Very dissatisfied. 
Stop posting this picture. It's from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks not from tonight 
Thankfully he’s in Germany now. And comes home in January. Still dangerous though. 
(taken from where the PM is clearly trying to avoid a future parallel with Tony Blair in history's view of him) 
"""@bomani_jones: monday’s ""bomani & jones"" is on jordan jefferson...and yeah, it’ll be a doozy, too."" They give us weed smokers a bad name" 
Brrrr that was a shock this am! +2C windy so feels chilly but some sun :) We are colder than Siberia so the tabs... 
@user I'm so tired of you dressing like you ain't got no money. You went from wearing Gucci loafers to 6th grade boy Sketchers. 
Harris English drilled a volunteer in the head with his 1st tee shot today. Video: 
1st music video with out Zayn:( 
@user @user I never said ZAYN SOUNDS LIKE SHIT.. I said I thought he was 2nd best &amp; that they sound bad in that video! 
The MTA should cost less at night. I think I waited more than 45 minutes. And it's pretty freaking hot underground. Thanks. #nycproblems. 
If Yakub is not dead by this time tomorrow- let the judges who delayed it pay for his upkeep.My tax money is not meant to for terrorists 
Pussy nigga made the wrong decision now he 2nd guessing. Big Brother getting real. 
The Big L is strictly gunplay I run thru church n pistol whip the priest every Sunday. DAMN :| 
I think I may be the only person that thinks AHS is actually awful.. 
@user just be tryna hate on ma' 2nd babydaddy Kirko Bangz. 
Speightoo got court tomorrow I hope shit turn out to be gucci iono want my boa in that G wall 
Sure, they did. How heinous and barbaric, and yet, the democrats stand with PLanned Parenthood rather than BABIES! 
@user is gonna be in Louisville, Kentucky tomorrow & I can’t go to the show. I guess I’ll just sit and listen to his music & pretend 
"[URL=""""http://t.co/O6aoWvEbDR""""]Elizabeth Pena[/URL]  Only 55. Jan Hooks at 57. WTF!!! I'm getting old. Stop it.  :ahhh::ahhh::ahhh:" 
@user May be coz we've been molded that all bad are from the Israel &amp; Western world. We have forgotten there are 2 sides of a coin. 
@user well since the GOP and DNC are the same...you’re out of luck. Both support NDAA, SOPA, Endless war, drones of the US,no 4th am. 
ashton may love their bay area fans but little does he know we hate ourselves 
I love Ozil but how on earth is he the 1st choice corner-kick taker for both Germany and Arsenal? What the hell does he do in training?? 
"It really went from police brutality, to beefing with one another, to Ice Cube writing the script for Friday, then Eazy's death?" 
@user In Lewis on the 5th they’re burning effigies of Guy Fawkes, the Pope & whoever else they presently dislike. Sussexy indeed... 
David Cameron is an evil bastard, may karma catch up with him. 
"Sorry to hear Justin Bieber was beaten by an NHS choir. However justified the emotions, violence is never the answer 
Heartbreaking situation for Muslims in China. May Allah make it easy for them. 
"Greg Abbott/AG Ken Paxton cost taxpayers $741,000 in legal fees in gay marriage case. Can you say frivolous lawsuit? 
So Clattenburg’s alleged racism may mean end of his career; Terry, Suarez, Rio use it and can’t play for a couple of weeks? #consistency 
growing up by Macklemore + Ed Sheeran may b the worst song evr recorded holy hell it came on the radio and I almost jumped out a moving car 
Going to try & watch Act Of Valor for the 2nd time. The part I seen are pretty bad ass 
@user @user man, looks like it wwont even be ready by the time i go to work tomorrow morning :( should have left my PS4 on" 
"Niggers, Spics, Muslims and any other shit race I may have missed you gotta go one way or another." 
Yakub may or may not hav deseved death but he definitely deservd life imprisonment 4his deeds.Shame on those who are painting him as a saint 
Yoga before the sun is up. Hopefully I can get this going everyday. I'm too much of a night owl for this shit 
BRAKING: Carlo Ancelotti speaks about his team performances before the El Clasico! His words may shock you!  SEE... 
2nd season epl syndrome would have been worse on kane if he left spurs. Let him suffer it there then improve later 
Esperance will be without star player Youssef Msakni for the first leg of the Champions League final against Al Ahly on Saturday. #AFRICA 
What kind of monster plays Papa Was A Rolling Stone on the 2nd of September? 
@user I teach my class to count in pennies at first. I may be part of the problem. 
I was freaking out about being late to work and then I saw a guy spill an entire extra large Dunkin iced coffee all over himself #Monday 
"https://t.co/VcJRMiZwhF &lt; But fine for the IRA still to be running drugs, prostitution and other organised crime to this day." 
@user saying that @user  will not complete their tenure in Parliament. does he think they will resign? well that will b a 1st 
"A no no, Kanye announces he's running for president, and nicki gets crazy with Miley all in the the same night.. It's Sunday wtf" 
So KG gets a fouls called for not touching Chalmers ..... incredible that boi better be the 1st victim of many more fines to come #stopit 
@user i think YouGov needs to be treated with caution after their rougue indyref poll&amp;Labour were 5,5,5&amp;7 ahead upto Thursday&amp;then an" 
Year-end IRA distributions may affect eligibility for the premium #tax credit via IRStaxpros 
"OK, So Hulk Hogan may have took it a bit too far this time... 
The hate eminating from Muslims over #MuslimDragQueens just further highlights how incompatible this disgusting religion with 1st world 
marth CASHEE retake tomorrow and i havent studied. still busy with this book report. fml 
"Last night's #WWE #RAW, or, 'Seth Rollins and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day' 
@user Isn't it ~time for Justin Bieber to be medicated c an ""Antipsychotic?"" May I suggest Haldol...he is old enough to know better" 
I'm sick of Bears fans that slander the Packers just to slander the Packers. We've been their bitch for 2 decades now man c'mon 
@user @user Dear Peter, trust me.... We know you mean well...btw Boko Haram, Food, Power, Education, Hospitals....C'mon" 
Turns out having less than an hour’s unbroken sleep leaves you feeling pretty grim on a Tuesday 
I reckon in 6 years time I’ll be in with a chance of fucking Pixie Lott if I bump into her on a night out. Rohypnol may be required. 
Fuck you, band that covered it on Friday night, and fuck you Ricky Martin for existing in the first place you big jerk. 
"Fuckin ""Briana updates"" bitch u may as well start an update account for your shit you so interested in some fake ass ""baby mama""" 
Disappointing to see the UK Govt issueing reassuring messages to Tehran Maybe they were influenced by @user :) 
Sometimes I just feel sorry for messi and cr7 that such immense talents may not add the world cup to their laurels....fuck!!! 
Young Buck may face five years in prison due to smoking marijuana with Snoop Dogg 
I blame that one rain delay on Sunday Night Baseball against the Red Sox. 
@user I'm seeing Ant-Man tomorrow. If it has an ant called Antony, and that ant dies, if this is a spoiler, I will be so mad at you." 
Frank ocean dropping his new shit on Feb. 30 the same day kizumonogatari is releasing 
@user I can't figure out why Josh Hamilton isn't playing tonight 
cant go to hot springs for the band marching contest because i didnt march at homecoming 
may nabasa aq! I dunno if im going to believe it or not :/ ang sabe dito nasa hell daw si Pope John Paul II >:| .. 
#YakubToHang Matter of fate; Yakub to be hanged tomorrow on his b'day. Apart 4rm all v sud nt forget dat he is being paid off 4 his sins. 
@user How they gone kill u on da 1st episode of the new season of Breakout Kings? Damn no more eye candy. Miss you 
balls. i forgot celebrity juice was on tonight. 
IRAN: All schools in Tehran were closed on Sunday due to the worst pollution levels in the city for nine months. MT 
Watching TVD while Ishrat will be the death of me tomorrow 
"This may be a bit technical but Hedley if you tell me to shut my mouth, exactly how're you gunna kiss me inside out? I'm confused so gnight" 
"I am not allowed to listen to Nirvana around Alexander because he may not like my music. He is 2 weeks old, he doesn't care??" 
@user dancing round mate. Just shocking. You will have to try and find it on Internet tomorrow. Honestly bad bad bad boxing 
I spoke too soon. Flight just cancelled. Looks like I’m stranded in Calgary. I’ll try again tomorrow am! Eek, I hope I make it #IYCsask. 
#TalkLikeYourBestFriend C’mon Big Ben! You’ll never get another ring if you keep throwing pick sixes all the time! @user 
"Nicki has no class? Mf got a fish in his avi. You get off to the smell of fish right? C'mon bitch step ya dick up, TWEET @ ME. @user 
Am sat in the cold listening to David bowie because life is hard sometimes 
@user Hilarious. Give the doping convictions, the '99 Maillot Jaune devolves to the kid to who was 17th at the '99 Tour l'Avenir" 
@user OK- then you should have given the money back in the 1st place either way. Allegations against Monsanto are serious. Avoid COI. 
@user hate my life, because i can't see you at the roskilde festival on saturday, promise me to come back again, SOON." 
@user no live NBA game tomorrow? only postgames of Knicks/Heat and Clippers/Grizzlies? pls air the game of Knicks against Heat LIVE. 
stopped to watch a show cause i saw jeff foxworthy and thought it was are you smarter than a 5th grader. It was american bible challenge#fml 
miley.. you better watch out for nicki backstage she may throw hands 
"Bolton Wanderers have sacked manager Owen Coyle following a poor start to the Championship season, which sees them lying 18th in the table." 
Crazy how Obama is going to speak at my college tomorrow and I can't even go. Bummer. 
England on a Thursday night? Even the FA has realised we are only good enough for the Europa League. 
Contraband was prolly the worst below average movie I ever sat and finished watching in my life 
Still can't ever figure out how Kim Kardashian's face works how's your Sunday going 
@user Are you on drugs? You're deluded if you think Arsenal will finish 3rd. I expected your Spurs prediction. #Speaktofrank #Deluded 
Rolling Stone ranks the Bonds sooo much wrong with this list but Die Another Day 10th? REALLY? 
ATTN: RUNWAY CLASS FOR TONIGHT NOV 1st IS CANCELLED. Sorry for the inconvenience. It will be rescheduled for next... 
I have to go to Chapel Hill tomorrow and the #USPS STILL hasn’t contacted me or found my damn SPEECH PROCESSORS!!!! I hate the #USPS 
@user I really don't see what you see in Vettel... Care to share. The guy may be 4 time WDC but he's not that great 
"France's security has got to be posed some serious questions right now. First Charlie Hebdo, now Friday the 13th. #ParisAttacks" 
and i'm not rich of course there's a reason we're only going saturday which also meant no kim and briana photo for us lol 
"Only stuff I don't watch is Twilight, 'cause it's rubbish. Love Star Wars &amp; Potter, but Han Shot 1st &amp; Nevill is the real hero. #SBSPopAsia" 
"Seeing Hulk Hogan is just coming off a racist tirade, endorsing #Trump may not be his wisest move." 
"or yuh kno, keep giving thanks 4 First Nations genocide on Thor's day during the 11th month named 9th month cause that all makes sense 2 you" 
Why is Nicki always calling someone out on stage .. Bitch looks so trashy while Miley just sat there and took what she said with class 
Did I really have a debate about twilight last night? And I was team Edward??? 
"Strip club owner ""guessing we'll make 5 times as much a night"" .. ""Republicans got plenty of money. They take it all from poor people""  #DUH" 
"-Puts Black Hole Sun on in the car-  My Dad asks my Mom who plays this song  Mom: The Beatles? No wait, David Bowie!  -.-;; #oww #facepalm" 
@user @user Kaash  she will commit suicide if yakub will be hanged tomorrow '' DOUBLE BONUS"" wow" 
ATTENTION MOTHER FUCKERS!!!!Selling two Kanye West tickets for the 26th of September at the Hollywood Bowl. Dm me for more info !!!! 
#fakta on the 8th of Mar 191 Cao Cao attempted an assassination of Dong Zhuo; an evil tyrant ruling by puppeting the last Emperor of Han. 
@user Seriously. May as well just watch WWE at this point. At least you know it's a front. I mean Rousey vs. Holm? C'mon. 
Stats are stats, & records can be broke.. but crunch time 4th quarter, Jordan had niggaz SCARED to D up... Bron,KD & Kobe can’t say the same 
7th lie: Sameera said that Nabeel's marches threatened police to use Molotov cocktails & iron rods ! she's not ashamed of pure lies #Bahrain 
@user it may have gone up, but you are still in last place. No joe Maddon or David Price, next is Longoria" 
"Flatmate night in watching Twilight for the 1st time, not sure if Im more shocked that its so misogynistic or that its just such a bad movie" 
Kerry can see the rationale behind the Charlie Hebdo attack. Fairly disgusting  
Whenever I look Michael up on Wiki, my heart breaks when it says ’Michael Joseph Jackson (August 29th 1958 - June 25th 2009)’ :( 
"I'm still upset with Frank Ocean, it's now August 14th" 
@user Haha. I've got to cut down mate, not looking forward to going through the WARNERS. Might try and sort small set tomorrow VESTRON." 
People may have their opinions on Caitlyn Jenner but this is just disrespectful. another thing gone too far  
@user Yeah I was told 7-10 days, but then @user found article stating it could be by Friday in Shaker. This sucks." 
@user @user lol just pathetic. And see us in Milan by May 
Seriously bummed that #perksofbeingawallflower isn’t playing at any of the bases here on Okinawa...may fly home just to see it! 
@user look at the countries we’re playing, we were 6th seeds. Also we’re missing Ched Evans, Bellamy, Ramsey, Collins etc etc! 
@user @user I do not buy in2 the Zionist idea that Christians r a 2nd class people who must support Israel no matter what 
Flares!! After all the booing and jeering towards the Galatasaray fans on Wednesday night? Fucking hypocrites @user #AFCvCFC #Arsenal 
"I wasn't around for Hot Jam, why is it even on a monday" 
Am I the only one who doesn't care that Floyd Mayweather is fighting again on September 12th against Andre Berto.... 
UK won't be getting the Nokia N9 either: Nokia just announced yesterday that the first and probably the only Mee... 
a shame I can sit up n call my daddy and granny nem back 2 back 2 back n they won't pick up but let Briana call they answer the 1st ring 
@user It may not be the best idea but *some* action is needed. School kids should not be calling for Charlie Hebdo to die @user 
Oh, gutted...Just seen the transfer window is closing tomorrow. Now what am I going to do for excitement? " 
Evgeni Malkin doesn’t play again until the 16th. This NHL lockout sucks, I can’t watch games that are being played... 
"MT @user #Syria, Deir Ezzor | Marba'eh: Aerial shelling dropped explosive barrels on residential buildings in the town. Tue, 23 October." 
Heading back to greenville on monday! UGH WHY CANT TRAININGS BE IN COLUMBIA?! Im tired of going to freakn greenville!! 
@user Hey fucker! Cry as much u want.Ur ""bother"" Yakub is going to be hang tomorrow.Suck it bitch." 
LIVE: I'm at @user 1st hearing on the callous videos of Planned Parenthood's alleged abortion practices 
How can you hate on YOLO....please tell me how living your 2nd time is 
The fact he sees the rationale of Charlie Hebdo attack is why his policies are impotent against ISIS 
@user Tomorrow you can show me Lucas Scott and Lily Roe #Loser 
I know I'm gonna be fucked because I have a long day tomorrow and I'm not sleeping yet... I need a nice lullaby- Blaze of Glory? LMAO 
I pity those 'Ba turenci' northerners. Many of them may be victims in this war against Boko Haram just as we get... 
"http://t.co/hxwH1eenRr Trump at it again, this time the target fellow candidate Carly Fiorina" 
I wonder if the Daily Rancid will be running a front page tomorrow on the bigot-fest at Ibrox. Or are they only worried about IRA tweets? 
"Someone commented on Black Friday by Kendrick and Cole and wrote, ""Once I saw these niggas looking homeless I knew fire was on the way."" Lol" 
Would you believe CNN wsnts to deny Carly Fiorina a spot in the ma8n September 16th 'debate.' Very wrong and stupid 
@user I'm talking only about Christians. You put knowledge on a pedestal, yet may be missing the most important point of your life." 
@user Why wasn’t Jorge Masvidal on the main card on July 14th and why is Miesha Tate not on the main card tomorrow?! #ThisSucks 
".@lamiebony If this's true, resignation will be in order. They may eliminate her in Borno and say it's Boko Haram 
@user Picture it's 9pm, rural Nebraska truckstop, snow flurries, February, starving. Food options at food court. Yikes." 
@user Very possibly he is right. Erdogan in low hours crises may have used Isis to win nationalists votes attacking Kurdish 
Friday night Knicks vs Heat if you not watching the game wit me dont fuck with me lbs I be engaged like a mf #KnicksNation #TeamMelo 
-.- today is Monday.. Damn it. I’m gonna miss my Rui En’s show tonight. 
We don't WANT bloody advertising all the time, thanks.  Keep BBC ad-free.  
@user oh you will.... Unfortunately I may have to toss a few to Matt... He did my homework 
"Boko Haram Captures Five LGs in Yobe, Borno, Targets VIPS | THISDAY LIVE | Report says, it happened post May-29." 
Whatever, Batman. You may call it the Batcave, but that doesn?t change the fact you still live in your parents? basement. 
Apparently the #STLCards had &amp; missed their chance in the 1st and Bumgarner's back in Koufax mode now. Wish he'd go Kershaw mode. #NLCS #fb 
Jonathan Kozol Event-Cancelled for Friday EVENT CANCELED: Fire in the Ashes: Victims and Survivors of Apartheid... 
And I'm still so confused about Kanye West speech from Sunday lol..... 
If, Erdogan the terrorist, does not get removed and Abdullah Ocalan does not get released by August 30, turkey will be sliced in two 
@user If you're grandmother is your sister, you may be a #Redneck. Sorry, I sounded like Jeff Foxworthy. Please don't block me." 
"Man behind 5th-grade insults in @user hot take a ""senior editor"" ... which explains a lot about Rolling Stone 
@user I think it may be ideology, religion free and open speech (Charlie Hebdo) and yes bombing in Syria!!!" 
Some members of the Boko Haram sect have been killed by troops of the 26th Task Force Brigade in Gwoza 
#bloomberg Rick Perry May Not Have an Exit Strategy - New campaign-finance rules may block the normal winnowing pr... 
"Congressman Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio), who lost in the recent Ohio primary election on March 6th, due to... 
So Adams &amp; McGuinness feel obliged to defend Slab to keep the IRA men onside. Shudder to think of the obligations they may have if in power 
'3rd Day of Eid ul fitar Of 2012'.. that was the Worst day ever of me... !! &amp; this day always remember as Black Day in my Life..  #BlackDay 
I don’t have the patience to wait till January for a new Jennifer Aniston movie 
@user And what did Angela Merkel say? She's going for a 4th term. Germany is going to the dogs, right? 
the 1st sentence i said at the til definitely wasnt in a Liverpudlian accent and i definitly didnt have to keep it for the whole transaction 
Tell me again how Iran isn't spreading mischief around the Muslim world. May Allah break their backs.  
Sox fans that are happy that Kris Bryant left the game with an injury are pretty pathetic! C'mon guys really?!? We are better than that! 
Saudi Arabia refuses to take in Syrian 'refugees' because it may upset their national balance. Why do EU leaders not see this as a problem? 
@user , I don't feel the Rugby World Cup fever via 702, am I the only one? Isn't it Rugby Friday?" 
Bobby Jindal wants you to assimilate to heritage of the old confederacy even though his parents are from January dot dot dot 
"Tomorrow we will have to listen to 7 or 8 Scott Walker walkbacks, as usual. And the press will eat it up. What a failure all around." 
@user Come on.u mean to tell me u wouldn't prefer to act alongside Maite once again for the 3rd time? U just don't want ppl talking 
SCOTUS Apparently is Saying That Gays Have an Equal Right to Marriage Under the 14th Amendment. 
@user @user I don't think Nike was ever an option. Part of it may be the small, inexperienced management team he's kept around. 
Running 3 miles at 730am is what I'm really looking forward to tomorrow. #asthmaticproblems" 
That's one sex tape I hope to NEVER see!  Is Hulk Hogan a racist? Find out what @user has to say about it 
"The Asian girls in the swim suit section for Miss USA are the ones with the worse bodies, c'mon now &gt;_&gt; #itsmissusa #cantyouworkoutmore" 
Born in February close to Valentines. Through all the heart pains I still look for Love guess Imma always b crazy 
@user On hold with support for 52 minutes now. C'mon. 
@user Are you kidding me you are quoting The Sun right now in your article!? Niall and Louis said: NOT BREAKING UP. Not Harry solo. 
"This nigga finnah get caught off guard, do the illest Randy Orton drop kick from the 7th step son  
@user Sorry about that. Don’t miss the one that’s coming on Friday though, Trayvon’s family are going to be there. 
January Jones in Jason Wu: Usually I adore January’s red carpet looks but this isn’t for me. Nude with black mesh =meh 
@user I just upgraded my Moto G 1st to Moto G 3rd Gen. I am not happy with the camera of phone. How can you help me in this matter. 
Prayers and thoughts to Pavol Demitra's family today and all others on the plane. The blues nation lost a loved member today 
"#TEAMCAUSE, don't forget Daylight Savings Time ends this weekend, put your clocks back an hour Saturday night so you're not an hour late!" 
"Blighttown may be annoying, but the worst place in Dark Souls, in my opinion, was Crystal Cave. Fuck those invisible platforms." 
"So, I'll be stuck in Charleston all day tomorrow . Who's fucking with me ." 
Honey Badger and Jordan Jefferson both got arrested for pot possession for the 3rd time. He’s out for good #fuckkkk #herbaddiction 
@user so 1st you make up some shit about dissing Muslims, now I'm a cunt because I support Israel. Who am I allowed to support fascist?" 
Did Briana tell you she was due in April? Why do larries believe every article written about the baby 
I’m going to be so lost at cypress tomorrow 
@user have no one to blame n the home opener loss - to the Pacers - Except themselves.  Lots of bad shots in the 4th!  #Toronto #Raptors 
While not fantastic for Planned Parenthood, those calling for defunding arent being honest about deceptive videos. 
"Really should get some sleep since I have the CASHEE makeup testing tomorrow. But I'm not, the usual." 
Lakers vs Heat on Jan. 17th! It’s D Wade’s b day... I feel bad he’ll lose on his birthday lololol 
"February 8th: Cleveland 147, Los Angeles Lakers 79. Kobe Bryant looked angry a LOT in this game and Byron Scott started weeping in the third" 
Erdogan: Peace process with Kurdish militants impossible  
That was the most unintelligible horseshit I've ever sat through...Kanye West is about as fun to listen to as Jimmy from South Park #VMAs 
Poor Shawn has no idea what April is talking about! #PsychRewatchPjParty 
"https://t.co/Y6IO6lyVhv As it's not Israel, 100,000 Muslims will not bother to march thro London &amp; rally @ embassy of murderers who did this" 
@user I thought it was russia, today its russia, tomorrow Iran? which is it?? Saudi arabia is more of a threat though." 
@user @user well admonishing him of it's status in Islam is wat you should do if he's of age. If he's a little kid,kick his ass 1st" 
Tomorrow it's going to be July 63 and still no frank ocean album 
Because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a Friday during Lent, and you don’t care. 
I got tickets to the NC State game saturday and nobody to go with.. 
My parents are going to the Zac Brown Band concert tomorrow night and I'm so jealous. 
@user I hear that SANZAR have confirmed that it is most wins 1st, the same as Super Rugby. I find the mistake ridiculous. 
as some of you may know we have a fish tank & this little guy is named Jeff Carter. sadly, i think he’s dying. 
"I don't know why I played Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City, but I did. And I'm not happy about it or the video I made of it for tomorrow" 
"Thur's day? Doesn't sound like the God it was named for. Let's try, Thor's day." 
Curled up in bed watching Batman cartoons, it's a terrible Monday after all. 
Niall has a boot on his foot - so he may have hurt is foot :( 
@user 2 hell with Jeb bush with Spanish speaking We dont tell Mexico 2 speak English And I'm half Hispanic! English 1st N the USA 
@user I mean I get the hype around JLaw. I may not like her but I get her hype. I just don't understand Amy Schumer and her hype 
What's going on why are people slandering Frank ocean ? He may be liar but he is one of the greatest talents my nigga 
"OMIGOD! how dare they stop xfactor for a baseball game, than air it next Tuesday. Shitty ass channel" 
Gonna miss Big Brother tonight. 
Zombies Devour VMAs on MTV as 'Fear the Walking Dead' Returns Strong: Kanye West may have sucked all the air o... 
Stop talking about Niall and Camila! Let's discuss Latitud Altitud Cercania Mar Clima China! 
I will never be okay with the fact I have to miss grey's and TVD every Thursday night .. 
Fuck a Saturday class I just wanna go home and play with our squirrel and watch Jurassic Park 
I’m so stressed out that I want to puke. Anatomy practical tomorrow, chem exam friday and also a speech.. #shootmenow 
Hey all the Kurt Cobain accounts that just followed me, he died in 1994 not 1993. April 5th to be exact. 
Liam playing a five string bass you may as well fuck my ass 
Gandhi protested successfully never once resorting to violence. People today make me sick @user 
Tim Roth will be playing in a movie with Jean Dujardin. i .. can’t .. ok, i may pass out now. 
Bobby Jindal just PROVED he is not worthy of running for president of USA - HE CANCELLED PLANNED PARENTOOD IN lA. 
watching the Mariners &amp; White Sox...these White Sox uniforms may be the ugliest ever 
I seriously may be the only person who doesn’t like Madonna 
"Where vanished ""candle brigade"" which used to march on every terror attack, demanding justice? Wud U march with candles to ""HANG"" Yakub?" 
@user ~.~t u cant just tweet sum1 GUESS WHO IMMA SEE THURSDAY and NIT TWEET THEM BACK!! >.< lol 
"What if this whole Vettel and Alonso thing is just an """"April"""" fools joke?" 
And Bobbi Kristina may possibly be the worst actress to ever exsist. 
Okay the first Sharknado was funny but do we really need a 4th movie? I think I lost a few brain cells after watching the 3rd 
Weak D and a penalty set up a short TD run for Eastern.  ’Cats 17-14 with 2:08 left in 1st half. 
I think Tushar Gandhi should hang himself to protest against hanging of Yakub.And yes it should be on 29th just day B4 30th #yakubdebate 
On Sunday night, does Dick LeBeau expect to match Ike Taylor up with A.J. Green? Because I don’t think that’s gonna work in our favor. 
Yakub to be hanged at 7am tomorrow. Yakub's birthday will be his death day 
Bobby Jindal will repeal the 14th amendment this guy would crawl over his dead mother just to fuck his sister for a pencil he deport himself 
"Curt Schilling posted and then deleted a tweet Tuesday that seemed to suggest ""extremist"" Muslims posed as much of a threat to the world" 
Our left side is the weakness, 1st game for Young after injury and Evra.. Well Evra is Evra. 
But the first openly gay player wouldn't have been a distraction? And he's not even on an NFL roster anymore.  
"Which part? """"@LadyK_B: seriously? """"@Temzylicious: Glad to know my gala isnt on the 5th....but sucks to hear its going to be in denominations" 
@user Unemployment at 5,3%,more Americans with health insurance,decapitation of Al qaeda, gay rights.You just may be to bigoted to see" 
@user @user y’all tryna fuck with Chapel Hill tomorrow night??? 
Snoop Dogg cancelled his performance at the fair tomorrow... Turns out he had a prior commitment for Mitch-a-Palooza. 
Luna is taking a break today, not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other 6 planets, until she will meet Jupiter tomorrow morning 
Are we taking bets on when Dustin Johnson has a meltdown at the PGA? Saturday? Sunday? #DustinJohnson #PGAChampionship #choke 
German oral exam on the Monday I go back to school and then on the Thursday I have a maths algebra GCSE kill me now 
@user she may not be ready for Rousey yet. 
"Sydney Dalton, 1st Bieber now 1D? you're such an attention seeker. you have nothing else better to do than ripping up posters. FUCK YOU" 
@user It seems right back is a problem at the minute. Shotton was awful on tuesday. 
"Harry Redknapp tells ESPN that rumours he has an interview with Blackburn on Tuesday are wide of the mark: """"No chance, I am playing golf!""""" 
@user You better be using a raincoat or an umbrella rack, or Kiryu's finest may throw you into prison for life!" 
Niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school I CAN’T EVEN DEAL. 
Don't Trust The "New Kurt Cobain Album": On November 6, Brett Morgen, director of the recent Kurt Cobain docum... 
@user seems like @user may have bit off more than they could chew, with the state of W10 mobile and core apps on mobile &amp; PC. 
"Town in the USA, rejects solar panels for sucking 'up all the energy from the sun'.  Looks like Rahul Gandhi must have visited this town." 
Why does the Knicks/Heat game have to come on tomorrow night during BibleBall? Oh well I’d rather play than watch any day! 
"and so the confusion here is generated by what may be termed topical dissonance, Google." 
i ain’t need no test to tell me i was smart... Fuck the IOWA, ISAT, Selective Enrollment, PSAT, ACT, & the SAT tests 
If you cant turn on Monday Night Raw and not get something out of it then something is wrong with you- Brock Lesnar #GOAT 
I'm starting to think Kane may just be a one season wonder. 
Caitlyn Jenner may be serving jail time? What's the bad news? 
Ecuador worried about Assange’s health - Ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the Wikileaks founder, Jul... 
@user @user Hillary's 1st Tele News explan "The server I used was set up by the Secret Service 4 the Pres" Y 4gotten??? 
".@DLoesch @user Gov John Kasich says ""The sun is going to rise in America again""  No, the blood of 54,000,000 innocents cries out." 
Prochoice #UniteBlue Planned Parenthood's Foggy Evil: On Tuesday, the Center for Medical Pr... #PlannedParenthood 
After a disappointing end to the 3rd season of OITNB, now to see what Hannibal is all about. 
@user no thanksgiving in Australia no Halloween no Fourth of July just Australia Day queens bday and Christmas 
I'm struggling to understand the #WomensDay tag because IWD is 8th March. I guess there's no point  asking you to make me a sammich? /runs 
"RT @user Last night for @user Lloyd Robertson. A sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. #legendary" 
"Kim Davis, KY Clerk Blocking Gay Marriage, Held in CMPT. a state employee, &amp; broke the law. Have fun in prison may u find a nice woman!" 
"Of course I’m not home when my team in town  :/ """"@SteveyC16: Knicks vs Celtics preseason game in Albany this saturday....who going??""""" 
War criminal Tony Blair backs war like the big war mongering monster he is 
@user  MIsrepresentation. What was said was that a lot of Christians may not have full understanding of the Trinitarian confession. 
if John goes home in the double eviction tomorrow this will officially be the worst season in Big Brother history 
#Nationals #mlb David Wright returns to the Mets Monday night. That's not necessarily a good thing. 
"Miley Cyrus Trashes Taylor Swift: What a Bad Role Model!:  Taylor Swift may have written ""Bad Blood"" about Ka... 
Steve Emerson on Sun News Network with Michael Coren - Political correctness has damaged all aspects of life :: ... via 
#ipod: iPod nano may be the worst ATM skimmer ever created - Just when you thought the click wheel... #iPOD-NANO 
That’s complete crap. @user Began and Sadat were all about peace. Bibi wants to use our military for free. @user < C’mon 
"MT @user #Syria, Deir Ezzor,  Bokamal: Indiscriminate mortar shelling on different parts of the city, Sunday, 7 Oct. 
the sun is so stupid they know how much the boys mean to everyone and they knew how hard it was for us when zayn left this is so disgusting 
.@FoxNews Amanda Knox who lied repeatedly & cleaned with bleach that morning is no innocent petal 
#ipad 4th generation by apple just after 6 months from ipad3? #fail 
Dustin Johnson is just a pig with this 3rd and 4th round play 
"L/V//A is doing RENT in november??? fuck my gay ass, i have to go back to that hell school again to see it aaaa" 
@user ru showing the All Blacks v Tonga game Friday nite? With the sound up? Definitely not showing the league, right? #RWC2011" 
And you say Derrick Rose isn't good because of the ACL but Dwight Howard is the 3rd best player in the league coming off major back surgery? 
Lamar Odom’s career may be just done. He’s not in shape after skipping the Olympics to get in shape. He may just be declining 
The Brits don’t need US-style debates. They debate every Wednesday. Then again, the UK parties don’t have to work together. Usually #pmq 
I wanna yank off Donald Trump's toupee but it may bite me 
@user douglas wack! They got Shumpert 72. He be dunking on niggas. I dunked in Lebron with Lin last night hahahahhaa on Brentley 
@user probably not cause he played with the equivalent of Real Madrid. 1st team got a lot of shit for tading him to hated rivals though 
Ahh...nothing like a Saturday full of errands and shopping with the family." 
"MT @user #Syria, Deir Ezzor: Mohammed Al-Saleh was martyred due to the shelling of the city. Tuesday, 9 October. 
wow the 4th season of AHS is like not good 
"James Franklin may be a good recruiter, but I have never been impressed with his in game coaching. #PSUvsMICH" 
I'm not a sone. Not a Jessica biased. Not a seohyun biased. But seeing seohyun cried during the 1st fanmeet w/o Jessica makes me cry 
"Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other TouchWiz devices may also be vulnerable #gaffaw #fb" 
If you thought designing brightest windmill is jokehave your last laugh at Sangam University Bhilwara 9 Nov 2014 
"""@SheScreaminJohn: I don’t care I’m bringing out the Concords tomorrow."" Don’t !!!!!!!" 
"For months after Charlie Hebdo the government did nothing, worse yet, it lied.  
I never watch the Oscars, but with Seth MacFarlane hosting, I may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either. 
@user @user @user won't  be the 1st time SCOTUS violated the Constitution &amp; won't be the last. 
"Carly Fiorina, forced out by the HP board on February 9th 2005. ""Weakest link style of management"" -David W. Packard  
Nooooo they delayed the knicks and Nets game until Monday! 
"For those who hate it when I tweet about Big Brother, I may be finished for the season.  Depends what happens in the next 15 minutes. #BB17" 
@user yeah I saw them open for Taylor Swift in march. They were awesome! Is Cher just like a fucking bitch on stage? 
Unless you got a throw back Thursday picture with Michael Jackson I don’t give a fuck about your faggot ass picture 
BJP members walk out from JPC meeting on 2G: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) members on Tuesday walked out of the p... 
Amazon Prime Day is to Black Friday, as a root canal is to Christmas Day.   The hype didn't live up to the delivery. 
#BADLANDS @user pls tell me you ain't doing some frank ocean shit and waiting till February or something 
"Mehn..this Boko Haram is just like a cancer..,That said, iBelieve one day all this killings will end 
"Yeah, #JohnKerry said the Charlie Hebdo attacks may have had ""legitimacy"" or at least a ""rationale."" Dude needs to stop. #ParisAttacks" 
@user the zombies would have been worse- the ad for Walking Dead S2 was playing all night during Family Guy. Creeps me the fuck out! 
Tomorrow is Star Wars day at my work but my star wars shirt got caught on a fence and ripped :/ 
@user they've been clearing Palestine for 40 years &amp; dumping wogs in Australia, for Israel's benefit.Fuck Israel, may it go under" 
"Nieces were play Taylor Swift...I submit that ""Bad Blood"" may be the worst lyrical train wreck in music history. Just abysmal shit. #Duh-un?" 
"Khamenei has written a 2nd letter to Western youth giving them advice,I hope they learn how to bankrupt their country like he did to Iran!" 
Beyonce never made it to no 4th grade 
It's Friday night and I'm learning about Oracle SQL Developer.  Sort it out Daniel, I should be getting drunk. 
Who is Kim Davis? Don't you fucking retards know that Tom Brady is playing football tomorrow and is most likely getting laid right now. 
@user @user BS. Israel has started 7 of the 8 wars it has been involved in, the 8th was retaliation to Zionist aggression" 
Seriously. Now she gets to be the face of Christians claiming they're being persecuted. Go away already.  
@user We've lost HQ to Wills+Kate+the Olympics till mid September. I'll have words. Party on Boris Bikes tho... 
Oracle so transparently bought sun just to sue the fuck out of me. 
@user sure, chuck, waste another mtp w/ carly fiorina gov brown 2nd half,&amp; you're concerned about his take on clinton???" 
"http://t.co/zB0dvlFP - This is why the BNP will never get elected. They may put on suits but what is behind them won't be hidden, thank god." 
If Chris bosh drinks a beer he won’t burp till tomorrow, long neck modafacka 
the kim davis case is just a sample of what's coming  to gun owners when SCOTUS decides it wants to redefine the 2nd amend 
"Friday I need to be in Cleveland turnt like "" I just fuck yo bitch in sum Gucci flip flops""" 
Man charged with directing IRA refused bail :: Sunday World:  #Ireland #Ulster 
"'There's no point to Sharknado, they may as well as had Slothnado. Sloths killing ppl with their hooks'" 
Can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow? Cause I really don’t want to go to BCA 101. I’d rather eat worms.... 
Monsanto running a commercial saying that they care about the earth is like Isis running an ad for the 4th of July. 
May God touch the hearts of the Boko Haram insurgents to stop the bloodletting - IBB 
5th Harmony is such a waste of space for the Triple Ho Show.. Like;give it to Ed Sheeran or Selena Gomez OR even Kelly Clarkson. 5H IS TRASH 
.@Deadmau5 has been absent from social media since posting a rant about Justin Bieber and may continue his hiatus.  
Really not a good thing in the current regional context. Erdogan's playing with fire 
#WCW goes to the little 3rd grader I said that's better than Christian Ponder. Let's name her Christiana 
@user who hears that Kane may have sexually assaulted someone and thinks ""I should call Chicago and see if he's available""? ugh" 
Andy Lee punts it down to the 14 after Crabtree couldn't come up with grab on 3rd down. 
We need to let go of Frank Ocean. He died on the 31st of July. He's gone 
"Stupid update mistake of the night:  The Mariners beat the A's 11-8, not the White Sox. I'm the worst. You may now proceed with your Sunday." 
@user BREAKING: I just learned ""on to"" is two words. It’s like 2:30am and I have a stomachache. Skype tomorrow? Goodnight lovely!" 
@user I feel sorry for Paul Dunne! If he keeps playing the way  hes playing he'll be British by tomorrow evening!! #rockonrockall 
"Moto G may be a good deal for money, but the moto flip cases are priced unreasonably" 
Everytime my mom calls me I answer with "Thank you for calling Planned Parenthood, this is Karen how may I help you abort your child today?" 
@user haha was it as bad as your night in Barcelona with the bucket o chund!? 
I is going to bed. Don’t feel good :(  But I’m still dressing up as Amy Lee tomorrow for work(: 
"Wrestling w/ why I don't love CAROL unreservedly, &amp; it may come down to this: I don't love Cate Blanchett as an actor. So that's out there." 
ok so everyone who thinks its 'InternationalDirectionerDay' .. your wrong Directioners Day is 23rd of july the day they were formed! smh... 
It's August 15th and Frank Ocean still ain't drop his album. We didn't forget you piece of shit where ever you are 
@user @user Agree with 1st point, and I can't stand Kane or Blackhaws. I detest slander." 
Btw, whoever decided to use Rohypnol as a date rape drug, may you get creepy diseases and may you wish to die every second of your life! >_< 
"Well, 15 August must be a Shameful day 4 #India because Hindus never wanted to give freedom to Muslims. y celebrate?  #FreedomForKhalistan" 
Pfft. I just wondered why my Dashboard is so quiet. Friday. Shit. Totally forgot. 
@user Interested? My EXCLUSIVE: TD Bank denies allegation it aided $7-billion Ponzi fraud; 2nd only to Madoff 
Hahahhaha depressed af. I leave the 7th. Jack and jack come on the 9th and Shawn on the 8th hahahaha kill me 
"I could be going to see Foo Fighters tomorrow night. But no, I just HAAD to play for church... X'D D':" 
Open devil worship comes to the rescue of Planned Parenthood 
No, Sam. The "we" in Kerry's statement is UNHCR, not the US government. Important distinction.  
Does PSPlus automatically push save game data to the cloud? I think my PS4 may have died?? Hoping I didn't lose my MGSVTPO save data.. 
@user @user he won't be a legend by May when we don't get top 4 and he ends up sacked like Seedorf at Milan 
 Only 55. Jan Hooks at 57. WTF!!! I'm getting old. Stop it.  :ahhh::ahhh::ahhh: 
I hope they're not suggesting calvin and Zayn fighting because let's face it...Zayn may be tiny but he's got fast hands 
@user Nintendo should stop making Mario Party and make GOLDEN SUN 4 BABY. ...I'll see myself out. 
By Michael Nienaber BERLIN, July 10 (Reuters) - The parties in Angela Merkel's coalition government sent conflicting signals on the latest 
Just realized that on my 18th bday everyone will be like hashtag 1 year since Zayn left and I'll just be sitting in my room crying like tf 
@user I’m going to sob if the Kremlin don’t play it on Friday, even if it is 90s night. 
This bitch @user just put frog back on Lmfao throw back Thursday 
Criticizing her lack of preparedness isn't wrong. Ira's post didn't say it was.  @user 
"Children from 1st grade are taught Islam will take over the world so the 12th Imam can rise amid smoke &amp; fire to rule his domain, THE DEVIL!" 
The attacks in #Paris come 10 months after the Charlie Hebdo shootings that left 17 people dead. These attackers picked Friday the 13th. 
Kanye West really may be the most ignorant human walking the earth lol 
"your war/bombing zones, lets loose psychopaths on the world, some of whom may attack you back. Look at the IRA - it started out not that bad" 
@user methinks one of the things that God dumped may have hit Sarah Palin on her noggin 
WWE you guys probably had worst than Hulk Hogan. May I remind you but didn't a wrestler name Chris Benoit kill himself and his family? 
Not sure I'll get to the Manchester's Pride parade tomorrow :( 
If I was 21 I’d be in a room with Noel Gallagher, Shaun Ryder, Bez etc but instead I’m in Preston sat in KFC. Brilliant. 
"LMAO Snottsdale, AZ = sluttiest place. I don't think Gelndale should get 2nd, give it to the Tempe giiiiirls." 
@user You may be glad to see Christianity die. But Islam will replace it, not follow Christianity's  example. And then you may have.." 
"#FilmQuoteFriday """"You were the worst fucking deal I ever made!"""" Johnny Blaze, Ghost Rider:Spirit of Vengeance. On 3D Blu-ray and DVD Monday!" 
"I could swear Carly Fiorina is that 6th grade teacher who beat me with a ""don't end a sentence with a preposition."" 
If you are still wondering what laws have been broken by Planned Parenthood, read CMP's open letter. #defundPP 
I give movies with 2 stars a 5 on Netflix because if I sat through this piece of shit, I want you to as well. 
@user @user they were ""motiveless""  attacks. Nowt to do with Islam. 
I hate watching movies like friday after next on VH1 , BET, MTV,& etc. because they take out the bad language -__-. It’s no fun ! 
Amazon Prime day is black friday for people with a fixed address #PrimeDay 
I just hope that Sandy goes away before November 6 because if she doesn't then VIPs in NJ probably have to cancel the NJ concert :c 
"Real Madrid scum, mon the barca!  
Off to #StolenSpaceLND to see the Shepard Fairey show I didn’t get to see last Friday... 
Tomorrow I'm coming back from Barcelona...I don't want! :((( 
That black guy Floyd Mayweather is about to fight in September look like he gonna beat his ass lmao 
we are waking up at 6 to go to Disneyland tomorrow. wtf whyyyy it's not worth it 
4th floor Cypress you don’t half see some funny looking dress sense #Spanish 
"Youth Soccer has been cancelled tonight due to poor field conditions. The next practice is Saturday: 3-5's @ 10am, 6-11's @ 11am." 
@user I know, but I have to drive to Summersville tomorrow and don't want it to be bad. Lol. Start at go mart tomorrow at 10am" 
No matter why you go to war what you do with a victory does, just look at it all burn now, Obama may have started a fire to big to control, 
Damn near thinking about selling my ticket to Chris Brown show on the 19th 
FRIGHTENING VIDEO OF Muslims turning Paris into a virtual war zone this what the leftards want 
@user why no Moto G (3rd Gen) review in your channel? waiting for the review :( 
This Olive Garden commercial is so stupid. Why would I want old pasta tomorrow? 
I'm really sad I'm not going to able to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the Montreal Canadiens for the 4th year in a row. #NHLLockout 
Neil deGrasse Tyson says the 1st person to walk on Mars is likely now a middle school student in China.   Sad. @user 
I may or may not be getting sick...perfect. #idontwantit" 
"Another pathetic false flag drama like the ""Charlie Hebdo"" back in January, or a real terrorist attack? Who are... 
Conservative logic:   TERRORISTS? Kill them!   ...  DOMESTIC WHITE TERRORISTS? Oh they're just standing up for Christians and 2nd Amendment. 
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of Sunday’s La Liga trip to Real Mallorca, with Sami Khedi...  #fb 
"I may joke, but Nicki's totally valid points about a racist system will be forgotten again because of a white woman's comments" 
I'll be damned if I'm gonna let the Muslims run this country of ours and turn it into a 3rd world shit hole like they did to theirs. 
I just don't know if The Celtics have a chance this season.... also concerned that Garnett may need a hug. 
@user If I can get one Muslim to agree killing of Muslims is the responsibility of Muslims. I may help. 
Shareholders upset with SYN board Syngenta must explain "Plan B" after Monsanto pulls deal, investors say $SYT $MON 
"No, you ppl on Twitter have proven how stupid you are with the Hulk Hogan thing, don't try pretending like you understand the 2nd amendment." 
Gucci plurality psychic apparatus unfearfulness august sufflate the span thine joker goodwill accumulation to ... 
//October-ppropriate Oingo Boingo. Where Danny Elfman looks at you like a serial kill the whole video So 80s 
@user This tweet was poorly timed. Surely they'd be hidden... RT @user 12 handy tips for Windows 7 that you may not know 
Not stoked at all for youth group tomorrow" 
@user #kimdavis because if we do not take against against the persecution of Christians now; we may never have another chance. 
League? RT @user I just found that Barcelona and Real Madrid are playing on Sunday... I need sleeping pills... 
"Regardless of how ""courageous"" Caitlyn Jenner may be he still makes an ugly ass women lol" 
@user Didn't Leverkusen reject a 20m offer for him in the summer? I fail to see how his stock may have dropped since then 
@user @user I went to Texas A&amp;M but oddly never met Rick Perry.  I think he may have spent that year in Pakistan. 
Kanye West saying he's running for president may be the single most ridiculous thing I've ever heard 
My teachers call themselves givng us candy....wasn’t even the GOOD stuff. I might go to Walmart or CVS tomorrow/ 
@user - Just watched the Klitschko fight from sat. @user ruined it talking over ring entrances & talking shit throughout. 
Gonna look like a cunt tomorrow when I roll up with Nike jaw string bag 
Not wearing make up to Dublin tomorrow until I’m getting ready for the party. Help. 
@user swing by Hollywood Tans if its too hot for the Dubai sun. 
"Our Cameroun horror, by Boko Haram returnees  On August 3, Cameroonian authorities began the repatriation... 
Went to SoundSet on Sunday and got the worst sunburn I've ever had in my entire life :( 
"A Cape Town woman died on the eve of her 21st birthday when she was knocked down on the N2 highway, the Cape Argus reports today." 
@user this is so wrong, David! But here in Brazil you already got the X FACTOR! Dont worry, brazilian boy :) c’mon! 
@user @user  Mistake, they are not ""British"", the UK Moslem community has no allegiance to the UK. 1st allegiance is to Islam." 
"I'm getting the virus I had during Thanksgiving break, so this may mean ima be going to the hospital soon.." 
Maybe he'll run into some of those Zionists who hate Christians.  
Well doctors said I have some kind of bug &it’s probably best I don’t go to school until Monday its a good thing too #badfever #verysickgirl 
#Burdwanblast is no mean small incident ! State govt may not co-operate with the NIA but this incident has invited  RAW agency too 4 Benga l 
Terrible tragedy today in Russia with the loss of a great KHL team and an NHL great in Pavol Demitra 
@user if these refugees don't want help from Christians !  Move on &amp; help our own ppl 1st. Like our Vets! Our Children in USA! 
"When the IRA bombed the Baltic Exchange, The Good Friday Agreement began. Let's not waste time. Let's give ISIS a caliphate...on Pluto. Now." 
Well Dustin Johnson seems to have the anvil back in his bag on a Major Sunday. Dropped 20 spots on first hole. #SnowMan 
@user @user I don't think Thursday is the worst my any means...Rolling Stone? C'mon 
How pissed off was I after doing Kane 1st goal England win 2-0 to find he wasn't even playing. 1st bet I've done since last time I won!! 
I'm officially 2 for 2 with my friends getting kicked out of Rum Runners on their 21st 
Police fear ivan Leach, also known as Lee Cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in Tayside, Scotland, since he absconded on Oct 9 
@user C'mon, that's so not witty. Women are harassed on the steet by police in Iran for not wearing hijab and it's not okay, period" 
"ISIS is on the march, being bombed by everyone it seems, to no avail. Saudi Arabia keeps bombing Yemen as... 
@user good argument, however ITS A GAMBLE that won’t pay off, worse still I think the constitution has a deadline of Dec 4th 
@user @user @user @user or is she hoping that that gay man needs to be available to be her 5th husband. 
"OK I may regret this question, BUT...why is WBC protesting a Foo Fighters concert? And don't tell me it's a... 
"Tomorrow, Scott Walker will claim he defeated ISIS by misleading voters into ripping on teachers. #gopfail @user 
Israel doesn't give a f*ck about the Geneva Convention - or human life unless it's in their interest. #Apartheid 
"Then the ""dirty""  Muslims educated them about water and people started bathing.  
So sad to hear about about Frank Gifford...May he rest in peace... 
Bobby Jindal clearly has been spending too much time in the sun.  
"Nick Diaz said he would """"fight GSP tomorrow if the UFC asked"""". Except, you know, they wouldn’t... because you’re suspended..." 
As you may have guessed, I still can't get over Fairhead being head of BBC.   Shows utter contempt for law &amp; British people. #hsbcfraud 
I'm in shock that Tegan is going training tomorrow 
@user 13th. There is no Android device worth buying outside of the Nexus line, in my opinion. Especially not the Galaxy S line 
Police, protesters clash at Republic Day march in Turkey: On a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding ... 
These White Sox untucked unis may be the most atrocious uniform I've ever seen 
"and FYI, I never had a HUGE problem with Kane; I just don't have respect for anyone who may of raped someone." 
"Oh goodie it's gonna be a snow storm tomorrow morning! Fun commute coming! Winter is awesome! 
@user @user Add on the mobile website too. I've completely lost access to my dunkin cards. So much for a run tomorrow :( 
Dana White may as well come out as being a faggot with how much he sucks Ronda Rousey's dick 
Wait but when Zayn left we got a Facebook statement now the whole band is separating and we don't get anything just an article from the sun 
Many reasons why #AskBobby is wrong: he's Bobby Jindal; he's @user he's Louisianan; he loves @user contributions &amp; gun. There may B others. 
If Danny doesn't play flag football Tomorrow he's gay 
"The shits going to hit the fan tomorrow, so... Im probably going to throw Marshall under the bus." 
@user Just noticed you using the Spanish abbreviation """"NO sure"""", no? Think you’re missing Rafa, mon brave" 
"Angry Rodgers denies Sterling refused to play for England: Roy Hodgson claimed on Tuesday the winger was """"too ... 
"Islam needs a filter to screen out tweets that begin ""What about Jesus?"" Religion may not be up for long" 
"Tom Brady may have won his fight with the NFL, but he will forever be a fuckin cheat piece of shit in my book." 
Note to IDS: David Cameron may be your friend, but he is not right, and he's certainly not honourable. 
@user I couldn't go watch the WWA film cause the 11th was my birthday and I'm sad because of this. 
@user BASIC NEEDS what part of this dont U understand. I just said communication may be EVENTUALLY important. Get a 10 euro Nokia 
Hillary upset Biden may run; Jeb Bush upset Trump is leading in the polls; both had family in the W.H. both feeling entitled to be next 
"Guys, that Sky Vine flying around Twitter of the Eiffel Tower going dark is from JANUARY after Charlie Hebdo. Different horrendous tragedy." 
Do we really care about our kids future? Think about it: Education is the 1st thing cut from budgets on every level. 
I think I may be the only person in the world who does not give a shit about Beyonce. 
"Worse ! Yakub was the polished thinktank CEO, Tiger was the roughneck shop-floor-Foreman of this evil-enterprise !  
Scott Walker is GOD AWFUL. Mean and dumb. Get him away from his Koch bought protections and it all falls apart. 
@user Sylvia, I can't make Thursday evening I have an event to go to. Can do it Saturday if that's ok? #norestforthewicked" 
I just feel like you can't stan for everybody underneath the sun and in the same breath call Beyonce overrated. THE IRONY. 
@user Deeply inspired by David Bowie - ashes to ashes and pink floyd, set the controls for the heart of the sun = depressing game" 
Krul crocked, just putting it out there Craig Gordon britains 2nd most expensive keeper is without a club? #nufc #SAFC #FTM 
I still don’t understand the joke behind Motor boatin’......I’ll ask Tom tomorrow morning. (wink-wink) 
Lack of LTE may cause Google Nexus 4 to flop: While Google is expecting the Nexus 4 to be a strong followup to the... 
3rd creeper base explosion because Tommy wouldn't give me everything I had ever gathered in the game. I am so done with Minecraft 
Not sure what im going to be for halloween yet. Sun Shine is just too obvious, Larry Bird is the front runner as of right now. 
"I once turned down a performance (David Ruffin style) due to the venue serving """"pork sliders""""....like c’mon bro" 
Maybe this judge is on to something..unintended consequences to make SCOTUS listen 
Mommy said I HAVE to go to Maxwell Monday , lmfaoooo the fuck I don’t 
guess who can't go see the WWAT film tomorrow because her jaw won't stop swelling to the size of grapefruits :(((((( 
FUCK...I forgot the Nets opener is moved to Sunday and I gotta go with my Dad...I have to drive home from FIND fast... #rushingflow 
Amazon Prime Day its better than black friday if you are into buying useless crap. This "sale" isn't worth having Prime at all. 
@user this is the exact reason why I don't preorder Friday releases from Amazon. They always push it back to the Monday delivery. 
Been sat in my room sticking down postcards of Tehran on the wall for God knows how long. Why has nobody invented a teleporting machine yet? 
It's  selfish for Vanessa to be competing in Big Brother she is worth millions Taking an opportunity away from some1 who may need it #bb17 
POSTEROUS IS GONE!! All data lost Friday? Not even server message up today.   I've lost 3.5 yrs of posts!  Have you checked your Posterous? 
"I'm a bit annoyed about what miley said about nicki. Taylor started the pop star against pop star war, nicki didn't even sat her name" 
@user @user Ya I know. I was frustrated &amp; had my 1st ever Twitter over reaction. It was more me just hate losing to White Sox. 
"Completely agree. Rolling stone is Such a sell out! Fuck it, you may as well put Paris Hilton on there 
"18 Dec 1979, the UN called on nations to stop discriminating against women. 36 yrs &amp; Iran continues to ignore #CEDAW 
I think FashionPulis is just using Toni Gonzaga para mas marami magbasa ng site niya. Parang every month may false story siya about Toni ! 
I may be an asshole for insulting 1D fans but you guys crossed the line by saying Mitch deserved to die. Stereotypical 1D fans. -_- 
I may have just bought the Kimoji app for $1.99 JUST so I could text Kim Kardashian's ugly crying face. 
@user are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning?? Waaa im so confused ): 
@user same way as in Bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? Are you expecting Jim to sign today ? 
Tom Brady and Gisele may not divorce from him cheating but just settle for living miserably 
6th floor. David Mack assaults Jennifer Lawrence with a hemorrhoid. Amitabh Bachchan mows Lisa Kudrow all the while. 
Made my morning coffee and sat down to watch the news...Sarah Palin is on.   What a horrible way to start the day. 
Christie may beat him to it but either way both are out. Insiders: Rick Perry will be first to drop out 
Shit! Tasha may think Ghost kill Shawn because he tell her that when Shawn try kill him he tell him get out of town.. 
"RT @user at practice, Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. > Lions dropping like flies" 
Israel's probably gonna go on strike tomorrow and I'm screaming on the inside ....... I WANT TO GO HOME 
@user didn't iPOOP just came out with 3rd gen IJUNK not to long ago? why the 4TH??? CUZ they CAN NOT compete with SAMSUNG, ASUS,NEXES.," 
#Rahulstumped Mr. Rahul Gandhi is become too negative as he can not see what the center government is doing or may be he don't want to see. 
@user it's big gov't that trying to take Christians rights away. cause libs HATE the 1st &amp; 2nd Amendments. Liberals hate freedom! 
Kendrick Perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports. 
@user @user No she was not robbed. She will NEVER beat Rousey and Nobody is interested in watching her lose for the 3rd time 
Janet Street Porter shocks viewers with her comments about Prince George  Well Done JSP Bang on Right 
@user Exactly. No difference between the koran #ISIS uses,or the #koran the ""peaceful"" Muslims we may think we know,at work/school..." 
Oh actually this will be Thor's 10th skin. Still don't like it and the hair bothers me. 
So can’t believe Big Bang is tomorrow, this day came way too soon! At least I can live it again Sat.night!! ^_^ 
@user I gave Verlander a slight edge over CC, but after today against Boston, he is no Cy Young material." 
I cant sleep im too worried about ashton and i have school tomorrow but fuck school i care more about the person who really saved me 
Harrowingly fawning article about George Osborne (warning: may cause severe nausea) 
@user No. The Sun is notorious for making up bullshit about Zayn including the cheating allegations. 
David Beckham has expressed his desire to be the next James Bond. He's a good look but his acting may be a deal breaker 
#people #celebrity Tidal is a Satanic Illuminati Plan to make more $$$ Jay-Z, Beyonce, ... 
Watching Sarah Palin telling people to speak "American" was the highlight of my Sunday. That was some classic self destruction. 
"Caitlyn Jenner opens up on Feb. 2015 accident, fears she may be forced into men's jail for manslaughter 
my life is in fucking shambles and jacob thinks he's real the victim because I wont co-narrate his godawful 5th stab at Dark Souls 2 
@user if you get roasted by Kim kardashian about spelling you may as well deactivate all social media accounts 
I'm seeing Foo Fighters at Wrigley Field tomorrow but it's supposed to RAIN ALL DAY WHAT THE FUCK 
Seriously not putting up with Nicole's shit tomorrow cause all this work made me miss Vampire Diaries tonight 
You may hear how a liberal protester was attacked at a Scott Walker rally in Iowa. It was planned and someone sent me the evidence. 
The fact that I have no plans tomorrow night & it’s my last night in FL for a min <<<<<< 
Big Brother was annoying to watch tonight. They all decided to keep an obviously strong opponent over a weak one??? C'mon.. 
Google Wallet is coming to MetroPCS, so now you won’t need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen. More jokes: 
@user You have no shame spreading the lies of enemies of Islam.Fear Allah. May Allah guide you otherwise distroy you. 
I am thinking these initial reviews of the new Iron Maiden album may be prone to a bit of hyperbole. 
Keith Richards means nothing to Monday night and is awful, cant we all just forgive Hank Jr!?! 
Worcestershire? What are you on about? Still coming down from your 1st half high? Worldwide fanbase is something #mcfc don't have! #MUFC 
"US Sen. Rand Paul calls #Ebola 'incredibly contagious,' says White House should be honest about how it spreads. 
@user @user the lumia cityman looks terrible and its blue not Cyan?! Buttons may be too small. #Lumia 730/735 has a superior look. 
got Being Human series 4 today. May just watch that tomorrow if this shitey weather continues :) 
Kendrick Lamar better be giving some shit away tomorrow at the Compton Christmas parade at least a Tams gift card 
"totally intended to boycott Miss USA show, but how in the world did Maryland come in 5th?! Three of those other girls gave terrible answers." 
Murray blew it! Just couldn't handle Anderson's first serve in the 4th set. 
Nobody wants to hear about that jerk anymore. Or Ryan Braun. Or any other cheating roid rage  jerk 
I'm supposed to see Frank Ocean tomorrow. Then he pulled another houdini and won't be going to FYF. 
I would like to become a celebrity so that I may hit John Cena with a chair actually. 
Democrats call on Lt. Gov. Ard to resign: Democrats called Thursday for the immediate resignation of Lt. G... 
"So dry, liquidambar is dropping leaves. Keeps threatening rain, but then we just get a shower.By contrast Scotland to get up to 4"""" tomorrow" 
"Why does Big Brother still exist? Well, it's on Channel 5, which some may consider a fate worse than cancellation." 
If Bob Marley had alien fans he would be depressive and kill himself after the 2nd album. 
@user as they should be. Obama is a muslim and may very well support isis. Israel doesn't joke around with terror. Kill them all 
@user @user By the IRA? On bloody sunday 13 innocent demonstrators where gunned down in cold blood. 
@user May Allah bring an end to this killings by the Boko Haram militants 
It is almost 2 o'clock in the morning, I have school tomorrow and my roommate is singing Mariah Carey at the top of his lungs in the shower. 
Caitlyn Jenner Sued for Manslaughter: Caitlyn Jenner was the cause of a 4 vehicle car crash on February 7th. R... 
Erdogan is bringing the country to disaster. Hope Turkish voters will be able to disavow his crazy policies on 1 Nov. 
ATTENTION DIRECTIONERS! Beliebers are posting this picture! Tomorrow we’ll replay the video all day! #Jealousy! #Hate! 
Can anyone help me with Physics? Universal Gravitation. I have this worksheet due tomorrow and I honestly can NOT figure it out 
How in hell did Philly give #MichaelVick a 100 million dollar contract? They would be better off with Matt Flynn for a 1/4th price. #Idiots 
@user O no!!! The Great Yorkshire Show was cancelled for tmrw &amp; Thursday,its such a shame. So many businesses the weather is affecting" 
WVU goes for it on every 4th down. Is our kicker worst than Cundiff? 
.@Olivianuzzi Eric Cantor, who evidently wants Jeb Bush to lose the nomination, will endorse Jeb Bush on Thursday 
No Knicks tonight, This makes me upset enough that I haven’t tweeted about it, you know shits gotta be real smh Tomorrow night, Knicks/Heat 
Stayed up late to watch Jurassic World and I just remembered I have a football match tomorrow morning :/ 
"Saudi Defense Minister: ""We will work to hit any terrorist organization in Afghanistan""  WTF. Saudi Arabia was the 1st to recognize Taliban." 
"This #GOP race is seriously getting out of hand. Who in the blue heck is John Kasich? Or red heck, as the case may be here." 
The just-passed (this past Friday) PATH Act is expanding an IRA owner's ability to avoid the 10% penalty on a... 
"Big Brother starts tonight and X Factor on Saturday, wish I could emigrate or hibernate :-(" 
They better take Joe Pa to the Pet Semetary... They may never win agdin 
"New Topic: Heavy metal, Thor, Viking cosplay considered ""racist"": This may be better suited for the political ... 
One of my Magic Mike XXL co-workers and the coordinator of the premiere I went to on June 30 this year died... 
"Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal crash, or as she called it, womanslaughter. @user 
"After losing 2 last week, today the GOP is trying to win 2 Senate seats in Wisconsin by recalling 2 Democrats. It looks like they'll fail" 
Currently downloading the Saturday night fever soundtrack CAUSE THE BEE GEES ARE THE FUCKING SHIT 
@user You may please check my pending complaint with Amazon for which I write many emails and called customer care. 
"Government on Wednesday attacked Rahul Gandhi for alleging ""100 per cent political vendetta coming out of PMO"" in the National Herald..." 
Courtney Love doesn't want photos that could prove Kurt Cobain was murdered to be released. I wonder why? 
Don’t get me on the topic of Andrew Breitbart again. I cried like a child last Saturday. 
Weekly trendlines in FTSE and DAX are broken. SPX still 50 handles to go test it. Just Saying. Selling may not be done yet. 
@user through evidence was given on the understanding no criminal charges would result?IRA fired 1st but try to find proof! Dare you! 
"Some guy is sat in the hotel lobby playing a guitar, sorry but you're not Ed Sheeran" 
I just sat here and watch @user  snap about Kobe Bryant  I'm too done @user  should know better 
"Up until we invaded Iraq, a million+ Christians lived in the Middle East. Now, we have allowed them to be wiped out. 
This is the first time someone has offered to watch The Notebook with me so I don’t watch it alone for the 5th time..Too bad it was my mom. 
Lakers gonna lose to the Clippers tomorrow and gonna think the world is over.. Relax y’all okay but not gonna win the West 
@user I'll share 1st. I don't care for c-Lud because of her weird crush on Justin and how sorority girl she comes across. Ur turn! 
I can't wait until nfl live is on espn all day.. baseball tonight is boring... Monday night countdown..... I despise nbc football america 
@user we know Harvey is lying his Fat azz off...He already threatened Actors who stand in the way of Cate Blanchett's 3rd Oscar.#Carol 
Arian Foster rips 'Thursday Night Football:' No one likes it 
"Sup Universe? If Crows lose tonight and Belfort loses tomorrow, I will go Jason Russell on the streets of Adelaide. Don't let this happen." 
"George Osborne has never been Eurosceptic. When I 1st met him in mid 90s, he opposed ruling out joining Euro 
#SBYBuzz: This Labor Day weekend, violence continued in the District. Tuesday morning, public officials commented: 
It would be refreshing for CNN to give as much attention to the monsters at Planned Parenthood as you are to a panda 
Looking at today's play at the #OpenChampionship You can't define Dustin Johnson's round as anything other than a choke. Tied for 2nd worst 
I may dislike like facebook, but I fucking hate Google+ with an unholy passion. What an ugly unintuitive interface. 
Bobby Jindal misses cut for 1st prime-time Prez debate:  Louisiana Governor Jindal ranked 13th in the standing... 
@user because he didn't warrant a higher pick while at michigan. Look at Russell Wilson I think he was taken in the 4th 
@user  Shutup you fat inbred hypocritical slut. I hope you and everyone who works for the sun get Ebola. You fat pig. 
@user @user  said you made Keith Richards look baby faced.  *May not have actually said this. 
This has just brought a tear to my eye: Angela Merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in Germany 
People are making it seen like ashton has Ebola like I understand appendicitis is bad but c'mon guys calm down 
I really wish I was going to Ed Sheeran this Saturday :'((( 
David Beckham as James Bond may just be the worst idea I've ever heard in my life 
"Jim Rogers is also responsible for laying off 1,900 N.C workers in a state that has the 5th highest unemployment rate in the U.S" 
@user I’ve never actually sat down and watched the whole movie of The Notebook...... because I dont like the movie. 
"If I tell you 100 soldier will die tomorrow no one will react, but if y'all find out Kim Kardashian is having twins y'all lose your minds." 
Boko Haram: Major General Assures On Military Triumph - Muazu made the statement on Sat...  
"According to rolling stone, Kurt Cobain is the 12th greatest guitarist of all time... Somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me." 
@user @user May I just ask, do the ants in Ant-Man agree to work with humans willingly? Because otherwise it would be horrible." 
@user  these ppl should read the Bible.They may not be so eager to continue to harass Israel. It doesn't work out so well 4 them. 
We will explain the true cause of the London riots on the front page of The Sun : immigrants. 'Hero Police' will also get a headline. 
Mtn is acting like a bitch, Eskom e tsere mabone. Mxm it really is a Monday hey 
#Newser Donald Trump: I Felt Like I Was in the Military: Donald Trump may never have actually served in the mi... 
Yall it's Sept 1 I bet Frank Ocean done lost half his fans 
Now I'm trying to get to @user @user @user support online for about the 5th time.m 
Justin Bieber is coming to Portland but my mom thinks he's a creep and his concert is on a Sunday so guess who doesn't get to go. 
"Ant-Man tomorrow. Looking forward to it, but some asshole ruined it for me." 
@user Camila is promoting the shit out of her single and faved James tweet from The Vamps, Normani and Lauren may be throwing+" 
Putting in my 2 weeks at IHOP tomorrow but probably gonna get fired for it bc my manager is insane. Oh well. 
We might as well bring back Orr and McLaren if Carlyle continues to play three lines. In my opinion he's not using Kozun properly. 4th line? 
I am a tax payer in the U.S. I have no right to vote for the Presidential Election. I hope Mitt Romney wins the President seat next Tuesday. 
Same old same old good till the last 3rd no support for Kane no width fuck knows what Poch is doing ain't got a fucking clue 
@user @user HELP!! Bobby Jindal has just doomed Louisana.  
Wait, people are surprised Erdogan was covertly riding the ISIS tiger? That's just dumb. 
Couldn't watch ABC tonight...couldn't take an ounce more of drama today. Will catch up tomorrow. 
Silent House may be full of stupid choices that might make you stop caring, but it’s highly effective at building... 
@user you are 3 away from my house friday and at that moment I'm in the air on my way back home!!! I don't want to go to milan now 
@user @user what's scary is that it was only 5-4. Like our SCOTUS, Irving may flip on one vote. 
"This may be a reason to swap, iOS has too many daft games.  """"Android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games."""" 
What’s are the odds Timmonsville’s town council has a meeting today? Haven’t met since Tuesday, so they are overdue. #tville 
@user @user @user If we hand her the US Supreme Court to stack like we handed Obama a 2nd term, turn out the lights. 
Upset alert in ACC men’s soccer: #1 Maryland down 4-2 to Wake Forest late in the 2nd...AND down a man after an earlier red card. 
Watching Kandi Factory... Dam I could have made the show can’t none of them SANG! LOL 
"Last face you want to see on Remembrance Sunday is Tony Blair, lying, horrible, corrupt twat. Bush's bitch" 
Let's be honest how many of ya sat down and listened to Kendrick's To Pimp a Butterfly? Cause I skimmed through it once and turned it off 
@user Never said that the Dems weren't mistake-prone. Sarah Palin is just PATIENT ZERO for THE STUPID. In her defense GBW was 1st 
You may ask why I'm listening to The Vamps. Sadly not even I know the answer... 
The complete stupidity of the WWE constantly kissing up to Rousey when she has no say in if she can do Mania #RAW 
@user  The Sun: Paolo Di Canio says beating Aston Villa tonight would be like having sex with Madonna. #legend 
Why oh why does Toronto's Nuit Blanche have to be the same night as a wedding I have to attend?!? #snbTO 
We should start bulldozing all the mosques in the US and Europe until Islam changes it's behavior. 
@user @user @user @user Refugee's did not carry out the Charlie Hebdo or the Paris attacks on Friday, you prejudice idiot." 
@user @user @user @user and sad as it is, the 6 month waiting time still means i will be on HRT before i would have had 1st 
To look less guilty Hillary requests staffers to not plead the 5th,but use 2nd &amp; 3rd together. By: @user  
Reading club dead. I see a trip to Barns &amp; Noble in the near future...as in tomorrow. 
Maybe if Eamon Collins who testified against slab wasn't killed by the IRA u could try slab using  a jury court  
Suggestion - get familiar with 1ST Amendment.  it pretty much strikes down all SCOTUS rulings regarding gay marriage, holiday celebrations 
the 13th is niall's birthday and the day rowyso ends better start preparing my funeral 
"Disgraceful, no way we should deny the world of an Adriano-Luiz Adriano left hand side to propel Milan to glory 
@user Read the smithwick enquiry transcript,ira men were given  immunity,anonimity yet still lied want every1 else's truth 1st" 
@user @user i wont even see you in work SATURDAY !!!!! ;O NOOOOOOOOO!!!! 
Dustin Johnson is just a walking disaster on Sunday's lately. 
"He thinks hijabs should be banned 'cause of the actions of Boko Haram...that guy should be quarantined, for his stupidity may be contagious." 
"Is Noel fielding having a chat on tfi Friday or is Chris Evans going to keep on rabbiting another break ""groan""!!!" 
Sharknado was funny the first time. We humored them for the 2nd. But a THIRD? Even I'm not enough of a fan of bad movies to watch that shit. 
Milan dropping points against sides in the relegation zone if we had those points we would be top 5 *cries in 8th place* 
The 'Muslims Facing Tomorrow' organization is as big of a joke as the 'Muslim Canadian Congress' organization. 
"im going to the Fair tomorrow. Fuck that, hahaha" 
@user Uh-Oh - you must have loathed my apartment - why didn't Madonna have her outburst in July??? 
James Franklin will have some 10 and 11 win seasons here but starting to think he isn't particularly good at the 'Saturday' part of his job. 
@user @user @user Gay mariage was NOT LEGAL when she ran 4 job step down or limit duties hav 2nd election 2bad S court FAILD USA 
@user scriptures in Islamic text suggests ""Allah"" in Islam may be Satan. When compared to the bible  Though its purely hypothetical." 
I think it would be pretty wacky if we all came in naked tomorrow 
"Don't sleep on Matty B, he may pull a Justin Bieber and snatch us all dead." 
Do not miss the point. Today it is for Yakub. Tomorrow the candles will burn for rapists on death row. These same feminists will light them. 
@user Coming November, 2016-The President: Donald Trump" the ultimate scary movie if you ask me. 
"RT @user I lost respect for #AnnaHazare the minute he sat at """"Duratma"""" Gandhi's graveyard yesterday. India does not need another ..." 
"I hate the White Sox with the white-hot heat of 1000 suns.  Do better tomorrow, Royals." 
"Jose Iglesias homers w/ the #Rays down 4-1 in the 9th? That's it, I'm calling it. 9/20/12 10:01pm time of death for Tampa." 
@user yeah i know what you mean, spent too much time catching up on Dexter today" 
No blues starting for England! Sound for Saturday, Chelsea are getting fucked and Jose knows it 
While all you St Pattys day goers are getting drunk ill be serving all of you after last call #notlookingforwardtodennys! 
"http://t.co/N0ynB9vr, Tudou merger may be in jeopardy, report says, Bloomberg notes: See the rest of the story he... 
@user Sorry about the Yankees... there is always tomorrow.  Want to fly to New York for a game? 
@user he could, but Harper has been a freak all year, and Votto's 1st half wasn't amazing. 
"P.Diddy gave Justin Bieber a $300,000 Lamborghini for his 16th birthday, more than he has given to all the starving children in Africa." 
Four Lions is a brilliant film but I think it may be a bit insensitive of Channel 4 to show it so close to 9/11... 
"Saudi hereditary dictatorship kills Shias in the Eastern Province.  UN Security Council not to meet, Pakistani #MullahCult not to march." 
"Today's nonsense: In response to the shootings, Warners won't release Batman box office stats until Monday. And that brings back zero lives." 
@user @user He was even booed at the protest march of  ex serviceman for OROP.They even said Rahul Gandhi wapas jao.Besharam. 
I just cried over a dead badger named Shreddie on Animal Planet. Another tough Friday night. 
Feb 1 2004- 251 people are trampled to death and 244 injured in a stampede at the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia 
Very jealous of the ridiculous adventure @user is having tonight while I just sit at home watching Big Brother. 
My grandma "despises" me going to see an AC/DC concert tomorrow 
Indians open with Red Sox &amp; don't get the extra few days in April so the weather can improve. That's bad news for the Tribe. 
Dustin Johnson led the British Open at the halfway stage at St Andrews on Saturday on a day that saw one of the worst wind delays in the 
Italian police stopped California rapper Snoop Dogg on Friday as he prepared to board a private plane bound for... 
@user He doesn't support the IRA, he refuses to wear a poppy because he's from Derry, where Bloody Sunday occurred." 
@user Exactly! Now that the US is a Constitution-less dictatorship Michelle Obama may never leave the White House. 
"We have a ""5th column"" in this country too. When it was the IRA they were called ""sleeper cells"" Who are they now? 
Iona is off tomorrow so like ... damn tus you fuckin up. #thisbetterbeajoke 
The Lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies I’ve ever sat through. I wasted a nap for this? 
May the people who wear the horribly transphobic Caitlyn Jenner costume choke on their candy corn this upcoming Halloween 
I wish Mani Shankar Aiyar commit suicide tonight to meet Yakub tomorrow in hell 
Somebody tell Katy Perry she doesn't look like Elizabeth Taylor. Not today. Not tomorrow. Not after half a day in a make up chair. Stop it. 
@user I hate to say it but I think it’ll go to penalties tomorrow. I just have that feeling, like I had before the Carling Cup Final 
@user We""re barely 40% to the IRA tally in England. Tolerance is high for this. Deaths will be sky-high before the march down Whitehall" 
very bold of CNN to show the Hulk Hogan sex tape during the GOP debate tomorrow...at least we can see disappointing dicks on 2 channels now 
I'd say I want to be like Kurt Cobain but I can't bear the thought of living till I'm 27. Blow my head off with a shotgun tomorrow. 
TFI Friday and Chris Evans need to fuck off back to the 90s 
(Part I) Dead Network Walking: Why Google+ May Be On its Way Out: Google is phasing out many of the capabiliti... 
John Kasich is such a weener. He's got about as much chance of winning as I do kissing the Pope's ass in Sept. #politics #presidentialrace 
Why the hell does Selma have school tomorrow but Parlier, clovis & others don’t? 
"Irritates me Gay males aren't allowed to donate blood, but a transgender woman can, or anyone else who may of had sex with a gay/bi man can." 
"#JohnKerry says #ISIS had a ""rationale"" for the Charlie Hebdo killings in January (pic of Muhammad), but Friday night in Paris was different" 
"Pearl Jam's 2000 European tour ended in tragedy on June 30, with an accident at the Roskilde Festival in Denmark.... 
@user it was also """"risky"""" for Rodgers to hold the ball until he got a helmet to the chest on that 4th down in order to find Jordy" 
OMG Mali Music is going to be in Philly tomorrow! At the Liacouras Center, performing at the Kingsmen tour! I’m so sad. 
@user against barca pre season stand out player 1st half.. I dunno what's going on with us atm frustrating to see us lose 
@user look I can understand the argument for abolishing death penalty. You may have a point. But remorse for Yakub? Give me a break 
"Just put the TV on, see George Osborne. My Sunday is ruined. #marr" 
@user you think the Boro will beat Swansea? I’m not so sure, December/January is when we implode 
I have till Thursday to know every damn word to every damn song Eric church is going to sing 
"Good grief Big Brother, can't you get a handle on the ants yet? Every season...ants. C'mon, fix the problem. #BB17" 
My soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere. So far today has been a bigger bitch than Madonna is to hydrangeas. 
Way to fix those problems James Franklin...not. You may be a good recruiter but you can't coach for shit. 
Milan: 0-0 19th Carpi &amp; 1-1 20th Verona. If you can't beat bottom teams and also top teams who do you beat? 
@user I didn’t see him :( but I live in California and he came to my city on Monday but before my local radio station was giving 
The GOP's greatest crime? @user Boehner proposes Obama speech be on the same night as NFL opening night...  
Topic on the morning news: Does Detroit need a white mayor.......pause....wtf?!?! 
One. More. Source. C’mon google, just one more #PLEAAASSEEEEE 
@user Tell Obama NO on a joint session September 7th. His arrogance and gall are appalling. Let the Republicans debate." 
We have finally discovered a day of the week worse than Monday: Amazon Prime Day. Seriously, Monday &gt; Prime Day. #PrimeDay #PrimeDayFail 
Scott Walker has decided that maybe gutting the 14th Amendment is a bad idea.   I'm already over this election cycle. 
one may argue yakub has gone thro process. hanging on his birthday is bigger message and scar to paki lovers. dangerous game has just begun 
"""@FactsAboutMitt: @user falsely claimed he saw his father march with Martin Luther King Jr.  #Facts #Truth" 
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says he may cancel the Pro Bowl: Would you care if there was no Pro Bowl? 
screw it I'll just walk to southside ballroom on sunday I don't need ur stupid tix DIGI 
1st half of Hannity: rage at the supreme court for outlawing Jesus with its gay marriage decision. 2nd half: kissing Ted Olson's ass. 
"Funny how Arsenal fans were all appalled by the Galatasaray fans behaviour Wednesday yet, today they did the exact same thing #ArsenalLogic" 
Windows 7 brain damage this evening. Apple should just buy Microsoft and crush the life out of it. Please. 
The Empire State Building is not lit up today. This picture was from the January attacks on Charlie Hebdo. 
@user She is entitled to her stance on gay marriage, but she may be in the wrong line of work now. She had ONE JOB." 
"Kurian Joseph, who raised stupid doubts about modi's good friday meet, now questions about yakub's death penalty.Some ppl never learn" 
@user 1st using the Pacers...never even practiced with em. 
"Nah. 1st Hulk Hogan is an open bigot, 2nd Meek Mill trashed the Undertaker music, and now another legend has died. 
@user the club is an absolute joke. The once great Milan is now a provincial side. 8th if we are lucky. 
"Your shameless, disgraceful propaganda war against the 2nd Amendment. Hey ISIS, @user is yankee Charlie Hebdo, and they're unarmed." 
The thought of the queue at Digi tomorrow is making me upset 
@user ice Cube says it in the movie ""Friday"" but everyone just says it to say it for some odd, dumb reason." 
Monsanto Hits All the Wrong Notes - NationofChange 
@user @user  Islam may be going through its Hundred Years' War. Hope it doesn't last 100 years. 
I don't think I'm going to JOUVERT tomorrow. 
1.99 iced coffees end at dunkin on the 31st and that's the worst news I've heard all summer 
what if the boys tweet Zayn on january 12th. Or worse...what if they DONT tweet him on january 12th. either way im dead. I lose once again 
Can it be thursday yet i wanna watch tom brady fuck somebody up 
You know you are desperate of answer when you see the 2nd page of google. 
@user kinda but I work Sunday and I'm gonna miss the Cowboys game. 
@user but the 12th man is still the 'Lionel Messi' for the manc scums unfortunately 
I may end up just watching more NHK tonight. Feel too nauseous to do any actual gaming before bed. Have to get up at 5 AM tomorrow. 
"Tony Blair and Saudi Arabia go way back, he stopped an investigation against Saudi Arabia because of a 'security threat.' C'MON BRUH." 
"#xfactor is the xfactor now just turning into a gay talent show aimed at the gay community to increase ratings ,mostly freaks on sun night" 
Even though I'm not going to Sam smith tomorrow I would be hella disappointed bc he cancelled his show a day before :/// 
"Seeing this dude 4 the 1st time, this Seth Rollins is a self assured SOB #WWERAW" 
RT @user Pavol Demitra's agent confirms the ex Canuck was one of 44 killed in a plane crash today in Russia. So sad... ... 
I may just have to move the numbers game to FB cuz 140 characters aren’t enough for the ones that sent numbers lol 
"Today, while in my American history class I was reading on Islam in Africa. I'll probably fail my test on the Industrial Revolution on Mon." 
@user if you radical Christians get your way the time may come when you're the minority. Your desire could result in death. 
"#Superdeporte: Giannelli Imbula not impressing at Porto. The Portuguese club may consider a sale. Milan in the front, but also Valencia." 
Even our power point in TOK didn’t want to do anything today, so it changed the language. #Friday #TOKadventures 
Ghost Rider 2 is pretty shit.. I liked the 1st one in all honesty but the 2nd is badly directed.. the shaky camera style is disorientating 
"Chad executed 10 alleged members of Nigeria-based Islamist group, Boko Haram, by firing squad Saturday, a day... 
I'm nervous about a DNS possibility for tomorrow. Hip pain post half. 5k might not be wise to run right before Disney trip. :( 
ima go see LAMB OF GOD tomorrow in hollyWEED. come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit 
Husband killer Julie McGinley lives cushy double life with former BBC producer 
Alabama State Troopers investigated seven fatal traffic crashes that resulted in nine deaths during the Labor Day holiday from Fri. to Mon. 
@user not a very attractive line up. Have you got Mackems v. Mags tomorrow? 
Hulk Hogan may be one of the dumbest humans 
@user I'm already on my 3rd year at Colton it wouldn't make sense to graduate from gt after spending all this time here >.< 
Family Guy is on some other crap tonight. 
@user Pics from Sat.'s protest of Planned Parenthood in Brighton.Did you give this any coverage? 
"Rebel chief death may hurt Syria talks, boost Islamic State: analysts: Backed by Saudi Arabia, Jaish al Islam was one of the most inf..." 
I don't want Rousey to be Captain Marvel! She may be strong enough but she's not pretty enough. 
was a part of it, still crying, still saying goodbye...Ric Flair may you live forever...way too much loss lately :( 
@user naaa i wrote on my ipod and im too lazy to convert it to my computer lol im recording it tomorrow 
My hormones are spiraling out of a control, I am crying over the Jeremy Kyle show for not the 1st or the 2nd but the 3rd time today #wut 
"I wonder if Kerry thinks people who kill abortion doctors have the same ""legitimacy"" as Charlie Hebdo terrorists.  
Austin Rivers needs to get stronger, #Spurs guards muscling him tonight. He started and just now scored in 4th. #Hornets 
And I never had a good time I sat by my bedside with papers, poetry about Estella.   #Greatexpectations 
Willis McGahee had a pretty gruesome knee injury in the Fiesta Bowl... Bills still drafted him late in 1st round. 
"Not sure if I want the next few days to speed up for Foo Fighters, or slow down because I am off work until Monday. Conflicted." 
Amazon Prime Day: What all the fuss is about: Amazon's Prime Day promised massive deals rivaling Black Friday,... 
But this is not the 1st time that Juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-Milan players..Cannavaro and Edgar Davids are similar cases 
Trying to watch Any Given Sunday on Amazon Prime and there's big chunks of the film cut out 
But Iran itself is discriminating against #Afghan refugees so much that it is to the point of racism. 
"""""Will you have lunch with me tomorrow night?""""-random hoe that’s hitting on Castle """"NOOOOOOOOO""""-Beckett" 
"Rappers make millions while saying the N word, Hulk Hogan says it and as a result may lose millions." 
"Lol desperate AF! ""@UFCONFOX: Dana White confirms UFC going to Brisbane, Australia on March 19, 2016 #UFC193""" 
"Dandy Don, Howard and Frank are all now back together.   Frank Gifford dies at 84 years of age.  Condolences to his families.  May he RIP" 
The pope is being a bae again, but I feel like the Catholic church could be giving more to relevant charities. 
@user ok so someone on Twitter said she was going to kill Harry at my concert on August 5th at MetLife. Her account got suspended 
Well now all the pre-teen aged girls who were thinking of paying money to go watch Thor or Kong at the movies are going to have 2nd thoughts 
@user oo nga eh :( may picture sana ako with PREPIX!!!! 
Wicket, its getting worse for the Afghans, they have slipped to 22-4 after Karim Sadiq (5) was run out by Jos Buttler in the 6th over. 
now i know why i was overly upset like someone died on the 30th..not just for jessica but also for lee soo man's wife and sunny's aunt :( 
Kane oh no...I sub Kane for lukaku now he scores..... Rooney won't score tomorrow to complete a bad FPL week 
@user @user yes i see. the stormfront idiots callhim the 4th reiche dont they know his son&amp;law is jewish? they have property in israel? 
"Sorry. Can't answer any txts. No service in the Bahamas. Btw tonight I have a date with Miss Teen Michigan, 2nd runnerup for Miss Teen USA" 
@user snopes may be right, but we all know Islam is alive in Dearborn MI  can't deny that  Not sayin'  sign is real, but the threat is!" 
@user is no Brad K but he's playing hurt today too.  @user at 9am et ESPN 2  
iSIS took last oilfield Syria. Harper's 3 bombing runs  may kill civilians not the problem or cause. #cdnpoli #elxn42 
This is as brutal of a loss as it gets. Up 6-0 then up 2 with 2 outs in the 9th only to blow it. It’s going to be a very long winter in WSH. 
@user @user they were in 10th place and the hadn’t acquired Jeff carter yet, so not quite. 
A crappy cycling app that doesn't even support the Apple Watch faved this tweet: 
@user Demi sat on Miley's bed and groaned. She whispered why can't I come with you to Italy? This is soooo not fair. 
Bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling Dempsey on the 2nd. Illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are. 
@user @user It may be the Muslims will still want to colonize &amp; take over- that's the goal of Islam-world domination. #Ccot 
@user stop avoiding the question! 4th time;  Do you believe in Thor, Zeus, Apollo, Ra, Allah?" 
Steve Jobs Film Bombs At the Box Office: Director Bizarrely Blames David Bowie: The Steve Jobs biopic may have... 
maybe he got briana pregnant on the 28th kys Sam ur not funny 
going back to gay ass morton tomorrow 
@user Amy Schumer is the stereotypical 1st world Laci Green feminazi. Plus she's unfunny 
@user Could this be Islam's 5th column? Very few women and children in any of the photos we see. 
So Real Madrid did f*cked it up! #mufc 
@user noooo not yet. We had a birthday date night last night. Plus I watch it on hulu, which means no Hannibal until Sunday :/ 
Murray always struggles on Louis Armstrong. How pivotal was that person disrupting his serve causing him to  lose his mini break in the 1st? 
Hulk Hogan hit rock bottom Friday when he was fired by WWE. The National Enquirer reported racist comments that Hogan 
I -may- be the only girl on the face of the earth that DOESN’T find Channing Tatum attractive. #callmecrazy #justsayin #donthateme 
@user @user @user @user @user SCOTUS vitiated KY marriage law immediately b/c it violated 14th Amendment 
@user This game reminds me of the Cotton Bowl game; we controlled it, but not enough points.  Afraid of 2nd half LSU dominance. 
"Tony Blair has become the must have accessory for every selfrespecting dictator, ranging from Khazakstan to Egypt  
The April subplot in Gilmore Girls is possibly the worst subplot in all of TV history 
@user Harper &amp; cabal insult the intelligence of Canadians on a daily basis. Tired of all the lies &amp; spin. Roll on Oct 19th! #auditthisPOS 
Floyd Mayweather has caused outrage with his 'top 5 boxers of all time'... Ali is only 4th. This is ridiculous! 
@user Thursday night, didnt know we had to enrole during the 2nd year aswell?" 
Would hate to be the guy who went to work with a Hulk Hogan shirt on for casual Friday. 
"Jews,Christians,Hypocrites among the Muslims May God either guide you or destroy you all." 
IS leader threatens to attack Israel 7 months after he threatened Saudi Arabia. Israel must be hurt to come 2nd only 
Aaaaahhhhh dam! I am out of my favorite Tea! Damit I have to wait until tomorrow to buy it now :( 
"The Great Wall of Sharknado, the 9th Wonder of the World. Oh, HELL NO! #Sharknado3" 
I WAS going to go to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow and find it insulting his people only gave 20 hour notice on the postponement. 
Rudd rains on Abbott’s parade: KEVIN Rudd may be trying to spoil Julia Gillard’s party but yesterday he gate-cra... 
@user just told by @user no loaner car until the 27th great Lexus experience.Definitely not the expectation that was set at sale 
I have officially lost any microscopic shred of respect I may have had for Kanye West. He is the epitome of ignorance. 
Fucking hot as outside here. I'm sweating like Floyd Mayweather taking the reading portion of the SAT 
Michael Dyer fucked his career up so bad. Could've easily been a 1st round pick. Now he's at Arkansas Baptist College & isn't even playing. 
@user Tate loses to Rousey for a 3rd time. what does she do? Keep beating contenders and earn a 4th shot nobody wants to watch 
Lady Gaga feared she may end up 'dead' - Independent Online #gagaupdate 
My morals don't agree with abc's ..... May stop watching it 
"Poor @user 12th of 14 in baseball after a horrific 2014 YF&amp;F where he traded Tom Brady for Mike Glennon. 
By Nick Meyer in March Against Monsanto - As United States citizens battle legislation like the DARK Act (HR... 
Today, April 17th (Palestinian Prisoner’s day), is ironically the day Israel claimed it would release Khader Adnan. No action yet. 
"I'm sure UMBC is going to be cancelled tomorrow, but can they make it official already?" 
Wouldn't surprise me if Michelle Obama was the brain child behind ISIS in the 1st place. @user @user 
Muslim Obama again proves his preference to Islam over American lives ... &amp; there are still fools believing it #tcot 
@user @user Jeb Bush dug himself a deep hole with his "Act of Love" comment.If he was +3% yesterday, he will be -3% tomorrow 
May Infinite Ranking King final episode with Eng Sub na. Waaa :( 
Big mix up people, Channing Tatum is not here, it’s just Anthonee Bercik, autographs tomorrow. 
Adryan looked tired in the 2nd half of the u21 game against Donny to me he doesn't look/sound fit enough #lufc 
Embarrassing. Rams cut Alexander. Yes I know he’s from Mizzou. But c’mon. Chiefs D makes unknowns look like pro bowlers. 
briana may be pregnant but louis isnt the dad or atleast he is not excited about it you can obviously see it when he's been asked about it 
And 2nd it wasnt harrys fault that he had ran over your ipad so whyd you ask him to pay for the crack like wtf 
May be late to the NCS thing, I honestly haven’t the foggiest where the central library is xD 
I forgot how sad the first episode of the 5th season of Dexter is. #depressing #dexter #darkpassenger 
Saudi Arabia has announced it will raise petrol prices by over 40% from Tuesday as the country decided to cut the subsidies range. 
"Why horrible why does the Rugby World Cup have to be here in October? I'm gonna be battling my bday, Soul Punk and people running in circles" 
I was really excited for the Amazon Prime Day sale, but everything is garbage. Better than Black Friday my butt! 
@user it’s not fair, dear... #truthbetold will be available in Taiwan on 2, Nov. It’s TOMORROW!! 
Why wouldn't Tim Byrdak start the 8th with a heavy lefty lineup? Makes no sense. Shows with the homer. #mets 
"Holy s**t, Navas will not make it in Milan 
@user As for the IRA, he talked to them publicly while Thatcher was doing it behind our backs. Without Corbyn, no Good Friday." 
@user tony romo just called me. He said he got a restaining order on you. Guess you can't go to the game on Thursday.. Sucks.. #tried 
I may be ignorant on this issue but... should we celebrate @user parental leave changes? Doesn't the gender divide suggest... (1/2) 
just synced saturday's live set on my ipod. time to pick up fragments of my memories together and cry on the train... 
Today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper. I beg to differ. Since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that? 
@user @user @user Jenelle lies,1st she said she was alone &the hosp.now she’s saying how weird it was for Keiffer’s 
RT @user #Londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide ..... This is NOT something to be proud of United Kingdom!!! Sort it out!!!! 
Folks may think I dislike Beyonce. I don't... I am seriously not a hater. That woman works HARD, buuut I just like diversity in my music. 
2nd Coming: Will Blacks America Debate the 2012 Election #BET @user I’m tired of hearing ppl say POTUS haven’t done anything 4 blks 
"Scott Walker: too chicken to ""take a position"" on the 14th Amendment. #goggleeyedhomonculus" 
Is it just me, or is Amazon Prime Day less Black Friday and more your weird neighbor's garage sale? 
Saudi Security Forces Opened fire on Shia Terrorists in the tense Qatif district of the Eastern Province in friday. (27-7-2012) 
@user @user don't spread rumors Jan Jiii. This is strongly prohibited in Islam. Ask your maulana if you still need any referenc 
Oh goodness, Rick Santorum will be in town tomorrow to kick off early voting. North Carolina, a gentle reminder, you’re better than this. 
Clever, but dishonest the way Fox manipulated the polls to get Kasich in the 10th spot, eliminating Rick Perry. 
Dustin Johnson is completely melting down. Sunday's just don't agree with him. #PGAChamp 
May be get @user to do us all a favour and sink the thing with a gunboat (Leave Angela Merkel) 
Max might have to get put down tomorrow </3 absolutely heart breaking if I have to see my puppy go. Love you Maxy x 
you know you're really sad when you're sat crying listening to fucking sam smith :((((((((((( 
"Yeah, Christian Ponder may be a great guy, but he is a complete dumpster fire behind center." 
Cyborg and her management now calling for an April bout with Rousey ...lol..that didn't last long..fuck Cyborg already... 
Reworking tomorrow's schedule around going to the car wash so the fancies at the Chateau Marmont won't judge our filthiness #bumblebrag? 
Apparently it's not just the final round that makes Dustin Johnson choke it's just Sunday. 
Maino thinks I’m really going to this 2 hour tomorrow.. I’m not going! I. don’t. give. a. fuck! 
"Tragedy struck and collided in my sports world today, as Mikel Leshoure blew his Achilles. Was on the Lions and my fantasy team. #noonecares" 
One of pop music's ugliest feuds kicked off at the MTV Video Music Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday when Nicki... 
@user Saudi Arabia is a monarchy. But it may fall if Economy gets very worse, and the King cant buy people off anymore." 
@user shame on you and your government. As an ex Tory you disgust me. A soldier arrested over Bloody Sunday. Whilst IRA walk free. 
"Ugh! Why must the 23rd be on a Monday? Now I can't fangirl on Directioners day, but instead go to school.. I know, sad life." 
When Sarah Palin and Donald Trump speak for America, I think it may be time for a new revolution. 
@user you think mr.Calle let practice with you guys ,cause I don't have practice tomorrow ??.." 
I was SO disappointed with Magic Mike XXL!!! If it would have came out first, I dont think I would have watched the 2nd one. 
IEBC is ready for 4th march elections, the electoral body should not be used as an excuse to delay polls says Chairman. 
"So sad to see the Broadwalk in Atlantic City destroyed, we were only there back in April - hope they can rebuild it #AtlanticCity #Sandy" 
In 2020 Donald Trump and Jeremy Corbyn may be in the same room, discussing US / UK diplomatic relations. Imagine that conversation. 
"Saudi Arabia announced they did Eid on the wrong day, Friday was incorrect. bare of you's were chatting shit about Saturday ppl. Where u @user 
I can already see articles talking about this and how he should be w/ Briana or some shit the Sun will bust a nut 
"Deir Ezzor :: Colonel Mohammed Al-Abdullah, from the 4th Division, and the Lt. Recruit Feras Mohammed Al-Abdullah have defected #Syria Ne..." 
"Yeah, we may pay our fighters 0.01% of what you make but they sure as fuck would beat your ass! - UFC response to Floyd Mayweather" 
I'm going to claytons tomorrow morning but I'm too tired to think about what I'm gonna wear. Looks like another ugly day with him. Oh well 
@user people wholeheartedly believing satire about Sarah Palin is what got her the reputation she has in the 1st place. 
@user @user Hey, idiot. Too bad. You have lost. You may have read about the SCOTUS decision? Obergefell? Google that . . . 
"I remember Chad calling Boko Haram ""school boys"" Vowing to end them in two weeks.. Now he knows what's up  
Cracked my 1st iPhone ever and I'm so pissed ... Anyone know where I can get it fixed ASAP besides Apple 
I ran into Alonso at the gym. I literally haven't seen him since we graduated 8th grade. He called me Nicole... Man getting old is so weird 
"The US is so weak, Iran is now letting uranium fall into the hands of the Russians. #makeamericagreatagain 
Just noticed that the music for Bittersweet Symphony is credited to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. Find out why and you may dislike them. 
Java was dead the day Sun died. I'm surprised so many tolerate(d) the bullshit Oracle community 
In the face of stupid atheists.......and haters of Islam....... Do read this regarding marriage..... 
"https://t.co/ML9zUoo4h4. 43years later and there still trying to pin blame on someone. Bloody ridiculous, blame lies with IRA at the time." 
@user @user in 53 yrs. there have been 3 mass shooting incidents, IRA not included, in the UK. US paranoid, 1st reaction, shoot" 
Highly disappointed with @user : Yakub's last rites on 1st page news whereas Dr.Kalam who was laid to rest at ramehswaram on page 13 
@user using Office 2013's Bing dictionary. type in "bound." This is the 3rd picture they show me. WTF?... 
@user  4 dead Americans in #Benghazi apparently are a lesser tragedy than death of Trayvon Martin may he RIP. 
I hate myself for doing this. Happy last day at Dunkin tomorrow. May I never have to make a rude bitches coffee again 
Caitlyn Jenner's February car crash: Sheriff says she violated manslaughter law   Put he / she in a kennel. 
if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow... I’ll die #missherlots #itsbeentolong #mybaby 
Niggas be on the LAKERS DICK...we still gon finish damn near first seed...while yo team be struggling for the 8th spot 
Ok guys for the 3rd time MESSI WAS OUT OF PLACE THAT WASNT SUPPOSE TO BE A GOAL 
"the 1st twilight is so fucking creepy. if your boyfriend doesn't want to sniff you, you're doing it wrong." 
By botching case against Lieberman, Israel’s AG may have made way for his union with Netanyahu   
"Usually hate the Merseyside Derby, but that 1st half was unreal" 
@user perception is 9/10th of reality. Because we perceive Meek as ""not good enough"" for Nicki. His support looks like he is star struck" 
I miss when Sarah Palin was a bigger deal, she was so easy to make fun of. Saturday night live got so fucking lucky with her. 
Murray about as dead as the aliens in Independence Day on July 4th in #America. They die in the movie either way but worse on the 4th. #Dead 
John cent vs Seth Rollins: am I the only one who's not gonna be happy Sunday in the John cena vs Seth Rollins ... 
@user it wasn't Tuesday it was the week before when Nat and chidgey were arguing I was like oh gad 
"Kanye west cracks me up, I just sat here and listened to his 20 minute speech and I still don't understand #Kanye2020" 
when digi is tomorrow but you're not going. @user 
"""""@XochilihcoX C’mon Leo where’s Endymion....... Or Amsterdam I know he likes Amsterdam."""" those songs are shit compared to the ones i put" 
"The anti-semitism, the misogyny, and the support for IRA and Islamist terrorism. #Jez100 #NastyParty 
Tomorrow im either gonna look like a crippled redneck or a drunk idiot on st. patty's day. Regular costumes just don't cut it 
Spending my Saturday getting my car serviced is definitely the most enjoyable thing I could do with my time." 
Just met the players for the 1st time: this Roger Johnson fella walks around like he owns the place. So I debagged him & flicked his helmet! 
C'mon, Netflix...for nearly sucking cable TV dry and being every young adults favorite reason to procrastinate, you should have so much more 
I'm pretty sure U2 invented the 3rd world so they had someone who actually looked them. 
@user @user @user Nicki wrote everything drake a emotion soft ass nigga crying cause he wasn't 1st in line my dad meek won 
@user she must be talking about Lee Soo Man's wife, she passed away on september 30" 
Shane is leaving to go back to Africa tomorrow. Ben is leaving for Israel on the 29th. Guess where I'm going?! NOWHERE 
Too lazy to do Lorax’s journal. Would just do it tomorrow at school. 
@user Rosedale is 40mins from B’berg. About 3hrs from Rocky. The crews must be weary after fighting the Euleilah fire since Tuesday. 
Playing Jacinto on Gears3 on Guardian fer the 1st time nd its raining wth.. 
When ur fam gets Red Sox tickets for Friday and doesn't get you one....... O 
@user You say anything that may offend Muslims, you better watch out. You could be suspended, fired, or prosecuted." 
if twaimz vines himself dropping ass to the AHS freakshow song every Wednesday im content 
This is upsetting! you may not like Briana but  spreading these false rumors that could ruin her life is horrible  
@user @user @user What did Petraeus tell the Intel Comm. Sept 13 and why did @user blame the video? 
@user Nothing fair about it. It was mostly unarmed civilians who were murdered, by the IRA, the UVF, &amp; by 1 Para on Bloody Sunday" 
"Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other TouchWiz devices may also be vulnerable" 
Gutted my match is off against Bolton tomorrow! Was well up for it :( 
@user @user no, because he'll lose the U.S. title to John Cena tomorrow night.." 
Israel it's terrorism. #Israel #free_palestine  #science #math #ACT #SAT #scholarship #highered 
"Should I even bother with the TCA tonight, or is Justin fucking Bieber and stupid ass Twilight going to win EVERYTHING?" 
@user That 4th down play in the Colts game back in 09 is one of the dumbest decisions I've ever seen 
Anarchists dried off in the sun inside Lady Gaga's crotch. I am cringeing. 
Only going by the latest game stats but think I may have made a mistake backing juventus 
@user Go &amp; try your best to save him but we will make sure that bloody Yakub will be dead by July 30th !!! 
NIT for Thursday - What is the #1 thing kids do not like to hear their parents say? 
@user But if he shaves again like at Elimination Chamber earlier, i may have to hit him! 
Jack Welch and Mort Zuckerman are always on giving ’wisdom’. Isn’t their business style part of what made this mess in the 1st. #leansix 
Um...Bobby Jindal (&amp; Scott Walker) don't love America or its Constitution--particularly the 14th Amend @user 
Think we’re going to struggle no end on Monday with no Colo, Krul and Tiote. Those three are essential defensively #nufc #everton 
@user I don't know what is going on with your phone but what's going on tomorrow for Hype park? 
These past few weeks I haven’t been excited about Scandal, Grey’s or fried chicken Thursday....this semester has shown me no mercy smh 
Why the heck is Chris Colgan playing 3rd base over Kris Bryant?? 
We're sat by the Thames and orally retelling Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone. I am the worst at this game. 
Planned parenthood may give other free services to people who need them but it is only the top provider in one thing: abortions. 
He asked U Donald Trump same questions he'd asked Carly just a few days before. She could anser them. You couldn't! 
2nd track on the new Iron Maiden has some cowbell. Iron Maiden should not use cowbell. Ever. 
Paul Dunne with a birdie putt on the 12th hole and just misses it. Very unlucky. Stays in a share of the lead at -11 with Spieth #TheOpen 
Misinterpreting Mariah Carey lyrics. Apparently she wants to fly a family into the sun and something about tachyon beams. Star Trek fan ? 
"lol, all the people on the facebook live chat on Rock im Park are real idiot's. i explain them that Evanscence have performed on friday..." 
im moving back to houston on the 9th, i can live here nomore ! MONROE to fcked up!! 
"omg i wanna go Hype Park on Thursday, so jealous of everyone going" 
I think Nig &amp; Chad specifically need 2 coordinate info release about Boko Haram. Contradictions may hamper MNJTF operations @user 
Damn my best friend is not going to riot Fest this Saturday since she has a test that night :( 
School just isn't happening tomorrow 
"I officialy hate Windows 7, it just sucks on my laptop. Back to XP tomorrow! (and also a huge delay for the movie again :/, was so close!)" 
Once more US foreign policy messes up M. East by flirting with Erdogan: Turkey soon may be the new Pakistan. Thanks! 
donald trump is going to be in dallas on the 14th how do i make this not happen 
I hope Zayn isn't hanging out with May because she's been trying to start shit with his life for years. 
@user journey to ISIS. Harper is a dangerous man. For all our sake I hope he goes. Ours is early Nov but I can vote during ++ 
Again-just like #Windows 8- @user makes 10 w/o the start menu their best customers want - 3rd party app needed 
Floyd Mayweather may be the most arrogant human being on the planet but that nigga rich af 
"I may not be much in this world, but I'll never be as awful as a 21-year-old who acts like they enjoy the musical stylings of Nirvana." 
@user That would kill me...I’m going to go live in Siberia so I don’t get hives every time the sun comes out.. 
Angela Merkel  after 10yrs in power she is seeking a 4th term.Let just imagine she was an African leader.. 
Part of me hopes Abbott does it b/c I believe it will blow up in his face if he singles out Christians. It may take time for him to see why 
tbt when i got my ipod stolen in 8th grade and i was only upset bc i thought whoever stole it was gonna leak the lesbian porn i had on it 
Merlin! I've been up since 3am and have a busy day today. Just kill me now. 
I totally forgot Justin Biebers is going to Dallas tomorrow *Loads Up The Ak* 
Accidentally left iPad sitting in the sun too long. Had to stash her in the freezer to cool down #whoops #straya 
@user @user hes just jealous hahaha coz milan sucks..after 90mil investment still fighting for 8th placers hahaha 
New: LISTEN TO OUR MONDAY MORNING INTERVIEW WITH CLIFF AVRIL: Tough loss to the Titans...  // <![CDATA[ Limeligh... 
@user why do you think Murray may leave? No way a team drafts him before the 5th or 6th round! 
"Here's the shower who Fine Gael and Unionists commissioned to do ""report"" on IRA in advance of #ge16 #sinnfein #vinb" 
"Unfortunately, Owain is still feeling a bit under the weather, so tomorrow night's show has been cancelled.  We... 
@user @user Part of me suspects Corbyn may march on his own party HQ with STW &amp; blame it on Tony Blair. You never know. 
"Kim Davis:""I have no doubt your opinion of me may have been swayed by the liberal media gotchyas...there is a war on Christians in America.""" 
@user Venus missed so many neutral shots in 3rd set that she never let Serena feel the pressure; she let her off the hook, in a way. 
The MTA should be pretty embarrassed tonight. 
De La Soul is the shit too no lie 
@user I agree bt may be Martinez doesnt think so.. he may get to start all the the time if he goes to Milan 
Only idiots wont want revelation about Boko Haram. So Dasuki knew the secrets all along but loved killers more?! 
@user  Malice.  FYI Tony Blair may be loved in USA but he is pretty much despised by many if not most, here in England." 
@user @user @user @user Perhaps you may be able to convert some Christians in a church but we're not idiots. 
You broke asses better donate tomorrow if you go to Ihop and leave me a tip 
i hope justin's concert thursday gets cancelled bc of the thunder storm thats supposed to happen 
LIVE: Sunderland v Newcastle: It may not have the glamour of El Clasico or the title implications of the Manches... 
Hold up... Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 and Better Off Ted only got 2 seasons each and The Big Bang Theory is on its 8th?? #thereisnogod 
I'm going to be SOO tired when I wake up tomorrow and I have to be at school tomorrow early i want to kms 
"I just want to watch Friday with every human that I can't stand. Just so Ice Cube and Chris Tucker can ""Bye Felicia"" all you dumb bitches." 
it's the 18th day of august. the month's ending. still no sign of frank ocean's album. i'm beginning to believe it was all a lie. 
"Still sad about Jan Hooks, but is it too soon to say that waitress sketch was terrible?" 
Yakub meets destiny chosen by himself. For the killers waiting may be longer the destination will be the same!!!! 
@user It may not even take place at all if Milan dont start getting the desired results. Investors dont find us attractive anymore. 
#ThoughtsOnMyMind Fuck Joe Paterno,Fuck Penn State, Fuck WVU, Fuck Texas, I hope the Steelers Lose tomorrow,Tebow needs to start & God Bless 
@user This Q may seem absurd but what about Israel? O.K. Goverment might not like Muslims but Refugee crisis in their nearby... 
Oomf is gonna get punched in the throat tomorrow -.- 
"....the same wiv white ""Christians"" over in the deep south of USA, most of them are not real Christians, they just go to church every sunday" 
YOUR TURN: Amazon Prime Day was supposed to put Black Friday Shopping in the dust.  But many say it's a garage... 
@user badboy Putin wont let this continue forever. he may secretly back ISIS in their call for uprising in Saudi Arabia 
@user @user U may want to check this out! Racism in Israel! 
The Foo Fighters noise will be so annoying on Saturday trying to watch the football 
"The rejuvenation of TFI Friday, ergo giving Chris Evans the opportunity to appear on TV more, is very disheartening." 
Ordered 3 Amazon Prime items yesterday. One will arrive Saturday (2 days!), another Sunday (3 days?), the third on Tuesday (5 days???). 
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national vice-president Gopinath Munde on Sunday refuted rumours that he was going to join the Congress. 
Let's put a stripper in the White House. And RWNJs say Michelle Obama has no class.  
RT @user Have you hated Auburn today? 
Im not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my TL will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about Justin Beiber #AintGotTimeForThatShit 
I may not be attractive,but we can talk about feminism,racial inequality,how toxic masculinity is,and how Donald Trump will ruin America :) 
@user In case you didn’t spot it, Greys Anatomy is back next Wednesday at 10 on Living // @user 
"SP to support UPA, but oppose anti-people policies: Samajwadi Party on Saturday said it will continue to oppose ... 
This is not good - Scott Walker wants to fire academics with whom he disagrees politically 
Trying to keep up with Scott Walker's position on the issue of the 14th Amendment is about as easy as herding cats. 
Anyone going to the Romney rally in Fairfax on Monday?? Really wanna go, but no car. Help!? @user 
Kendrick made sure iggy wasn't going to steal his bars when he snapped on Black Friday. 
Thursday nights aren’t the same with Waterloo Road #thereisnothingontv 
"Pranab Mukherjee has just again rejected Yakub's 2nd mercy petition, hanging would be on as per schedule at 7am tomorrow #HangYakubNow ." 
it's August 8th but Frank Ocean let me down yet again 
well it is the 3rd straight crappy week of Big Brother. Can we just skip ahead to the buy back competition? 
Fran says Paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years. Age & perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media. 
Hillary: So all I have to do is have an unsecured server with national secrets on it, and I'll win? Cooooool!!! 
if I have to read another article about how Amy Schumer is a feminist icon I'm going to fucking toss myself into the sun 
yo it's July 69th and there's still no Frank Ocean album I give up 
@user   And now the Pope who has forgiven annulments.   I think his words were "fuck and be fucked"   I may have translated that wrong. 
Thursday Night Football is the worst show on TV. And I LIKE The Big Bang Theory. 
james rodriguez just told me he doesn't want to play for me anymore on fifa career mode so i might cry during lectures tomorrow 
"Back In July: Scott Walker Emerges from Anti-Palin Lessons""   -But he has a long habit of not learning. #CanadaWall 
"Dear @user @user  I'm so disappointed with the headphones you give with ur phones, Sadly its still the same with Moto G 3rd Gen" 
Watch Van Gaal play De Gea in the champions league so Real Madrid won't sign him in jan..... Dickhead 
Sam Smith may have his fans but they certainly aren't the type of people that would watch Bond. What the hell have they done #SPECTRE 
@user went to Gateshead branch last night to watch Paper Towns at 8:40pm, sat on a seat which was soaked with a liquid which" 
"Congrats James Franklin...that was the dumbest call I've seen not only today but maybe ever. 4th &amp; 11 fake punt sweep, up 3 at midfield lol" 
RT @user Is it possible for Aaron Rodgers to suffer a career ending injury tonight? Just curious. 
"Now that Dustin Johnson's inevitable major Sunday debacle is over, does he go -8 tomorrow since it's Monday?" 
I'm sure they are changing the species. Look at the Obamas and Angela Merkel. Planet of the Apes...here we come.  
November 1 & I'm off beer until St. Patrick's Day. I didn't think I would be hitting the bourbon on day 1 though. Rough day. 
A district with links to Madrid's and Charlie Hebdo's terrorist attacks. A good take on it:  
Thanks for hating America, SCOTUS. I hope you all get cancer. OK, good talk. cc: @user  
Rousey is knocking women out bigger than mayweather in 30 seconds fuck you mean she cant beat may weather in a mma fight 
@user There are four other posts on this timeline that equate Muslims with terrorists...since August 3rd. 
@user it's slooooow, much slower than iPad3, can't imagine compared to ones released Friday, it's a dud,  Balmer will be gone soon." 
My mom is trying to make me cry by saying the Ed Sheeran concert next Thursday is going to rain out. 
Iqaluit just wouldn’t be Iqaluit without the drunks screaming at each other on a Saturday morning ... depressing buggers. 
Gov. Mitch Daniels is rallying Republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated h 
@user he doesn’t deserve the death penalty a la todd bertuzzi, but I think 3-5 games is fair, if not whole 1st rd. 
i have to drive with Ms. Pope Saturday... kill me now. 
"Salman's views in favour of Yakub can be usedby prosecution in hit n run case tp prove him not a law abiding citizen,it may cost him dearly" 
6 Apr 2015 - David Cameron tells 'fruitcakes loonies' - it's time to come home &gt;https://t.co/PDizoSaeRd  war is won 
Won't be able to see @user 's new video with Skylynn until tomorrow now that I have to go to sleep cause I have stupid college tomorrow 
We are closed for the day due to the storm see you tomorrow am at 9:20 on WJXT Channel 4 - National Hot Dog Day. 
@user 1/20th the pay of a typical CEO, nice.  Planned Parenthood still a non-profit.  Appendectomies kill appendixes. 
Was the Amazon Prime day a big hit? Well.. there's a #PrimeDayFail hashtag trending. at 5 our @user reports on what may have gone wrong 
@user omg same I was reading it in school after PSSAS and I just sat there crying 
The new Bruno Mars song is wicked. It sounds like a cross between the Police and Michael Jackson. I may or may not play it 14 times/day..! 
This is Austin Rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill ! 
@user @user i seized some in our neighborhood on EID's 2nd day but faced some anger frm their families' side :( so gave thm back 
It's a Sunday night and I just turned Donald Trump into an orc. 
"Boko Haram now militants not terrorists says LEADERSHIP. Conspiracy theorists get to work,i want my tl occupied with articles by monday" 
Tiger Memon rang up family on July 30 before Yakub's hanging; told his mother that he will take revenge #CowardTigerMemon 
@user dude - u are killing me with the Big Brother spoilers.  I may have to unfollow u until the season is over lol 
My momma is going to see Banda Limon at the Pico Rivera sports arena tomorrow without me :( shes taking Sarah with her :/ 
@user A betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband, but may only do so with her bare hands. (Hong Kong) 
I’m so pist that I might not be able to go to the Volleyball game tomorrow 
@user WTF is wrong with you people. I now need to listen to Simmons and you guys. How am I supposed to get work done tomorrow 
And Tampa does run a version of the option pass that WSH killed us on.  RGlll to Davis may just be replicated. 
Day 1 of #SunTran riding = 50%. FAIL. I don’t know where 110X picks up in downtown Tucson, but it sure ain’t 6th & Congress! Calling a ride. 
3rd wheeling with Jess and Sophie tonight to go see Paper Towns. I can see this going wrong 
If Draxler news is true, Juventus has been humiliated this transfer window. May be leaving without the trequartista they need and 0-2. 
Tony Blair extract worse than thought of parents having sex. Is the Iraq war the 2nd worst thing Blair authored?  
@user obviously you are glad the Christians in Europe may solve a Middle East problem ! Shame on you mr Hassan 
"Tony Romo better not fuck up tonight , I'm just hoping" 
Donald Trump's response to the Charlie Hebdo shooting that took place in January just shows how ignorant and stupid he really is 
Connor McGregor will lose Saturday and that combined with the Ronda Rousey loss may send Dana White into a deep depression #aldovsmcgregor 
@user whilst Trumps tweet is deplorable it was written in January post Charlie Hebdo. Look at the date on it 
@user that Lexus commercial froze up my sat box AGAIN. What is going on? 
The biggest mistake Lucas Scott ever made wasn’t almost marrying Lindsay or moving in with Dan, it was shaving his head in the 2nd season. 
I hope the Steelers CRUSH Tom Brady on Thursday. Damn cheater. 
@user  @user Was he not already on you're list &lt;&lt; him raging at Muslims for voting in galloway 
@user But the point is that Corbyn's sympathy for IRA is not relevant in deciding whether to vote same way as him tomorrow 
@user my cousin says everything he needs to know about Islam he learned on September 11th 
"Oddly, Dustin Johnson may be better served to play the final round chasing not being chased. He can play to win, not play NOT to lose." 
Caltrain just can’t catch a break. MT @user About 10:30 a.m. train #425 struck a female on the train tracks south of 16th Street 
@user lhh girl .. She may be cool. Uhm I want to go to Tennessee state . I don’t want a roommate .dont even wanna chance it . Wbu? 
This dude at the Nike store used a changing room to try on shoes. C'Mon Man 
Tomorrow, I have to present a 4 page short story to my class. What did I write about? Stealing Donald Trump's comb. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
"How did Dylan Quirk not make the Vic 19's. He kept to James Pattinson, Darren Pattinson and Peter Siddle in a 1st grade Grand Final at 15." 
@user I think they may want a guy with back problems. Here, have Ryan Braun!" 
I #StandwithKim Davis. I hope you are happy that Christians are being jailed and livelyhoods destroyed because you ignored 9th &amp; 10th Amend 
Gold edges down ahead of US jobs data: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Gold edged lower on Friday, with investors waiting ... 
I get it now he told @user  tomorrow so she wouldn't come. Dang nobody likes Calle. 
Let’s all talk shit about the Thunder at school tomorrow now. Since they talk too much about the Lakers. 
Trina will be in N.O. Friday....I stop supporting her the day I found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol 
Slept for about 11 hours. I seem to be in quite an odd mood. Ah well, @user in play offs tonight (2am) and Jack White on Sunday!!! 
Why is everyone saying they arent pleased with TVD tonight? What happened???? Unfortunately it isnt on until Tuesday in the UK:( 
@user Gabriel doesn't even make Arsenal's 1st team, enough said. 
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker sidestepped 'ridiculous' questions on Friday about whether he would be willing to... 
"""""Valor"""" video shoot tomorrow night... Hope it’s stupid creative!" 
@user Had it worse. Sat through a 2 hour train with young teenage girls singing One Direction and Ed Sheeran songs. 
Sarah Palin may be the only reporter Donald Trump wants to have on his campaign bus because she asks only questions Trump needs her to ask. 
Last thing you need on your TV on a Sunday morning is a ranting Mehdi Hasan. 
Photo: Someone fired a few shots in the 1400 block of Pollock Street on Wednesday night. Lexus took a... 
I'm gonna go to the fair on Saturday while everyone is at Chris brown lol 
The hateful Westboro Baptist Church protested Friday's Foo Fighters concert in Kansas City . . . and the band... 
Probably going to complain another 20 times today about how Justin performs on the today show tomorrow when I start school 
@user I may have to unfollow you for spelling Snoop Dogg with only one G 
Dustin Johnson dealt with another major disappointment after shooting +3 &amp; going from leading after 2 at -10 to being tied for 22nd &amp; at -7 
"the liberal left is very intolerant of Christians, the libs want to destroy our rights, like the 2nd amend, along with our religion" 
"-- he mumbled something like Remus Lupin, 7th year and now it sucks that people always just know James and Sirius, -- [ @user ]" 
RT @user My Tampa bay bucs gone crush the sorry ass phins tonight 
ICYMI: CNN's criteria for the next Republican debate may end up leaving Carly Fiorina out. 
@user I guess the world will end tomorrow, one of the signs of the apocalypse is John Cena losing...God he sucks so bad" 
"The fire may keep the clinic closed a month or more, Planned Parenthood spokeswoman..org looking for a temp office"  Devil's hate fire  @user 
@user why is the game evolve only available until Monday on the Xbox one? Why don't you just give it to us for free? 
I believe the snobish mainstream media, ABC, CBS,NBC, CNN, MSNBC may get their comeupance this election. People r sick of their bias! 
@user how does Ryan Braun get to step out of the batter's box after every pitch? Didn't we go over this in May? 
Sonia and Rahul Gandhi may not apply for bail in #NationalHerald case.. They want to disturb the harmony of the country.. 
The day after Soundset is the day I find out where I didn't put sun screen. 
I fear the Internet may end the day Frank Ocean finally up &amp; releases this album 
Why does God not want me to get home tonight? Sat in the parking garage after Foo Fighters for an hour...finally... 
I think the Hawks defense allow to many 3rd and longs, The offense does not convert enough 3rd downs. An elite defense should d able 2 hold 
Rousey keeps running her mouth like the 3rd grader with a crush. 
I've lost all respect for @user Every time you turn around they are promoting gays. Gay isn't a sport!! 
@user @user It was the 14th that SCOTUS ruled was being violated in blocking marriage equality. News not your strong subject. 
Wayne is on his 4th single w/ Carter IV already & still no album drop.. Sounds to me like he's searching for hits but hasn't found one yet 
Daring Jrn'sm yes @user fumbled @user is not with Yakub or agst Babu/may but for all mass killers  
Tomorrow is the ladt day of the Sydney Dalton diet and let me tell you it has been hell and I bet it doesnt even work 
At the circus the elephants have been banned by activists but the kept the lions because they may want to punish Christians. 
@user Is Scott Walker referring to himself in the 3rd person? That's weird. 
so the new season of jersey shore started tonight...8.30pm to 9.30pm on mtv....i remembered at 9.35....damn!. 
@user Sorry!! Still hope to see you in Los Angeles in February!! #NFTYConvention 
Just don’t understand TOB thought he would come out and est. some running game in the 2nd half than go play action On an aggressive UNC 
@user @user @user This may sound melodramatic, but Andrew Breitbart dying was one of the worst shocks of my life. 
"’SOS’ not an over the top comedy: Ashwni Dhir: Mumbai, Nov 1 (IANS) Forthcoming comedy """"Son Of Sardaar"""" might be... 
@user Nintendo is not going to change like every other system they promise 3rd party support and never deliver on it. 
Everyone please sacrifice your dogs to satan so Justin and Shawn meet tomorrow at the vmas 
Ancelotti getting the blame for not accepting Milan in June........ 
Sarah Palin says US immigrants should speak "american", does she mean Navajo or Sioux? 
"Real shit vote Kanye for president if he really is doing it , can't stand Donald trump and Kane's my 2nd dad" 
It never not being fun to see Brock Lesnar kill people &amp; loving Heyman's promo with one problem #RAW 
"Did he really just say "" You think on 3rd & 23 they would play it safe and kick it"". Im Roll Tide all day but that shit was harsh." 
Chris Alexander's TV meltdown on PnP last Wed. made the BBC's front page on-line. He blames media for lack of action on refugees. #cdnpoli 
Rick Perry is playing along with the fake claim 14th Amendment protects anchor babies..it specifically says not.  
Can't find a ride to Jason Aldean Thursday so looks like I'm not going 
Demba Ba is a doubt for Newcastle Utd’s trip to Anfield on Sunday after he limped off yesterday.  The problem... 
@user I am confused you said you were praying Eid wouldn't be tomorrow. 
Anal tasering may be the future of corporal punishment... Or just something Kim Kardashian likes in the bedroom... 
"Military seizes vehicle laden with Boko Haram fuel, drugs: Nigerian troops said on Tuesday it had made a numbe... 
"And, it confuses me that so many Conservative Christians wanted a Christian in the White House. Not Trump. 
@user Cyborg did nothing (for lack of a better term) to progress WMMA and now suddenly the narrative is Rousey's ducking her? C'mon. 
Lucas Scott, C’mon! Why’d you die your hair!? 
I like Rick Perry. Wish that news was about Graham, Jeb or Christie instead 
David Cameron is a disgusting liar. Up to his neck in criminality working with corrupt undercover cops, Theresa May covering his back. #GCHQ 
jacob im scared af because I just finished the 1st episode of asylum from American horror story 
@user is this one of your little jokes like Elvis playing at the Marquee  next Tuesday? 
@user Who gives a fuck, same old shit with Arsenal. Will finish 3rd or 4th, go out of CL last 16. What's the point anymore? 
"Santorum had ""tingles down [his] spine"" watching 1st debate I never want to see ""Santorum"" and ""tingles"" that close" 
"I wish I was excited right now for Sharknado 3. But I'm not. I'll catch it later on today, or tomorrow on my DVR." 
Any NFL fans tell me why this new BBC deal only includes highlights on TV from November? Seems a bit late in the season. #NFL 
Sunday is turning out to be the day when i play Temple Run. Social life is a joke only. Forever alone lvl 100000000. 
@user @user That's the 1st.2nd: Nadia &amp; Mysa about Mysa break dgn Adam. 3rd: this bullshit thingy -.- 
"#Texans linebacker Brian Cushing (knee) listed as out for #Colts on Thursday Night Football #NFL"""" are you serious..." 
Kinda pissed that I just found out that Breakout Kings got cancelled in may #taptotweet 
If this new iPhone sounds like it'll suck after tomorrow's announcement then the joke's on me for saving up to get it. 
Here I am saying Kanye isn't a bad guy when these people just gave you a fucking award that Michael Jackson got c'mon bro 
FYI this pic is actually from the Charlie Hebdo tragedy in January. French police are advising people to not gather. 
Cardinals try to pick up the pieces against Packers: Embarrassed on Monday night, the Arizona Cardinals are left... 
@user Agreed. Lots of slappy play. And today more mistakes that helped Red Sox score those 8 runs in the 4th. 
@user @user @user @user whys he flossin an iPhone 3G, original iPad an 5th gen MacBook like he got money lmao 
"Merkel has gone mad! Merkel calls Germans ""vile"" for protesting the 3rd world invasion of their country by Muslims" 
We were going to go to the Great Yorkshire Show on Thurs. For hub's bday. It got cancelled. He is v sad. 
"I may seem like I'm only joking when I compare right-wing ""Christians"" with Jihadists, but they're all dangerous idiot control freaks" 
"Unfollowing anyone tweeting about Sharknado, may god have mercy on yr soul" 
if it turns out tomorrow that ddg is actually a real madrid player i'm deleting myself off the internet 
Activists in Deir Ezzor captured this image of Musab Bin Umair Mosque after regime forces set it on fire Wednesday. 
@user mar jaa jakar tere maa baap ka jeevan sudhar jayega hahaha fuck off with mandana to iran u dont deserve to leave in india 
Migraine from the loud blackness going on Thor early Monday morning wish people would stfu being loud for no reason 
@user @user @user it just points out the calls that israel is on palestinian land is garbage, judea was there 1st" 
Why is my mind doing this to me? 1st I think about Max and how he always knows when I’m sad and now I think about what happens when he dies 
@user @user pkk broke the truce July 15 by a declaration and then murdering policemen but Erdogan is warmonger. Yeah right 
@user @user I'll never forget you getting in an argument over Kendrick's black on black crime stuff in the club on a friday night 
@user Holande asked for it.refused to see threat in JAN re CHARLIE HEBDO,even castigate the cartoonists" 
Thanks to @user I just may be switching over to @user 
Iran Says New U.S. Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact - now it's starting to make sense.  
@user """" @user Gagner’s agent says talks continue, will have hearing on Friday if no deal"""" MSM just proved you’re #clueless!" 
@user What a shame about Punchestown. Unlikely to race at all tomorrow. I had 2 out as well in Quevega and Lietenant (2 miler!!!) 
I have Physics revision for tomorrow but merr, I’m going to fail anyway 
So sad to hear about Pavol Demitra & the other KHL players' tragic passing in the plane crash today. Absolutely terrible news. 
Time for James Harden (34 Points) to step aside and let Jeremy Lin Takeover the 4th #Linsanity #Sarcasm 
"It's only the 4th minute but Eden Hazard already knows he made the wrong decision, hehe #MUFC #BPLonFOX" 
I swear if tomorrow any Niner fans start tweeting about Kyle Williams tomorrow, best believe I’m gonna put you on check. 
@user Cynically, it may be that they realize their ""team"" is SO WEAK, that the less that is seen of them, the better. Draft Tom Brady?" 
@user ur company will give me my 500 pounds plus the cost of the laptop on Monday for what u did to my laptop! 
Sat through Jurassic World w/ a screaming baby in my ear + a 6 year old climbing up the back of my chair. Ruined my experience @user 
no Chipotle today and no Grey’s Anatomy tomorrow......... obviously the world hates me 
@user i know, me too. This was the kakkest fake Monday ever. It could have been worse... It could have had a photo of Caitlyn Jenner" 
"Lateisha, Tegan and I just went to the movies and sat up the front even, it's freaky as he'll I had the shivers... 
Lost my SS shirt, so I’m just gonna wear my old SS jacket tomorrow instead ;b 
From here on out I will no longer celebrate the pagan holiday of Thursday (Thor's Day) 
Saturday,  washing clothes, grocery shoppin', cleanin' out my LEXUS. As much as it cost, you bet I keep it clean, when able. Hate bein' sick 
"Fine margins in tennis. I think if Murray had won that 1st set tie-break, he'd be preparing for the q/f. Disappointing end to slam season." 
@user read my tweets - may help you understand ? i am also bothered by the fact that Madoff screwed people, despite evidence of such 
And Ice Cube still hasn't gotten the greenlight for that Last Friday movie 
heading into this sunday im in trouble At the TE spot Vernon Davis is on the bye Fred Davis is on IR and Finley Is Q’able 
Tough loss for the Dolphins last Sunday in Miami against Aaron Rodgers &amp; the Green Bay Packers: 27-24. 
Gay bitches get they REMY &amp; act like they been taking dick since the 9th grade 
"Lost my voice to a cold, but still cracked up knowing we wiped the floor with Kazakhstan and Saudi Arabia 
New header of Lana Del Rey *__* her face is getting blocked though, I may change it later.. 
Donald Trump is that kid that runs for 7th grade student council that says he'll give everyone a day off from school as if he has authority 
Centre suffering from ’policy paralysis’, alleges Jayalalithaa: Jayalalithaa on Tuesday charged the UPA governme... 
I just want to lay in the sun &amp; mojitos all day. I'm kinda f*cking ready to retire from the f*cking rat race. To Waikiki: me &amp; Danny Elfman. 
@user azealia may not be the most famous rapper of all time but sadly, nicki's songs are in billboard for her physique not talent" 
So Verizon is sending me a Droid tomorrow since my Thunderbolt acts up all the time. This phone is annoying. 
TV fundraiser 4 Sandy Friday night. During Katrina telethon Kanye said Bush was killing black people...doubt we’ll hear opposite about Obama 
briana was waiting the baby since dec 24 and its impossible being pregnant for almost a year #MTVStars one direction 
1D stans gonna blame Zayn for this .. just wait #WeMissYourVoiceZayn  
Statement made by Rahul Gandhi proved his ill intent and criminality. His statement proved thy want themself 1st than this Great Nation. 
Tom Brady may actually be a monster off the field. 
I guess I should’ve been out giving out books last night for World Book Day. Instead I sat in large dark room watching the Avengers assemble 
Award winning @user is accused of "insulting Erdogan" he may face up to 5.5 years in prison. Shame on #Turkey 
@user @user will NEVER but the sun Jo, never!  EVEN - for a guaranteed date with Dave Grohl!!! Even then!!! 
@user  #isitok that idiocracy may actually happen with kanye west going for president 
It seems that politicians can use the BBC to issue propaganda but no one else may. The recent marches and... 
"Scott Walker's Lies at the Fairgrounds A LIAR NEVER TELLS THE SAME LIE B/C THEY 4GOT WHAT LIE THEY TOLD IN THE 1ST PLACE, SO IT CHANGES OF10" 
Reports in Nigeria say as many as 60 people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by Boko Haram militants. 
I have to take the TAKS test tomorrow..... #what 
I have to wait till Sunday to see Carmelo Anthony and the Knicks debut? 
Harper's NEW AD I am WHO i am not perfect but depend on me for economy  Harper slip sliding down the polls-3rd We KNOW WHO YOU ARE scares US 
@user He calls terrorists his friends!! Let's look at the first person he appointed. You guessed it, IRA sympathiser!! 1st class traitor" 
#NewsTraders are major reason for tarnishing the image of islam and Muslims today in the world... May Allah curse upon them... 
Harper may never get a hit against the Mets the rest of his career #LGM 
Dr Strangelove and Curtis Le May : The cities the US wanted to 'systematically destroy' during the Cold War 
Crappity-crap! I'm always away when he comes to town! Paul McCartney to play ACC on Oct. 17 
@user i hope your PS4 needs repair and you gotta send it off tomorrow and they take 3 months to send it back 
They are absolutely blind to Zayn's good nature. Use lame excuses to hate on him bc they just bitter still.  
Merkel's Germany could not Crush Europe with Bombs Muslims May be a better consideration David Cameron  
Every voter in Scotland is being betrayed because David Cameron and Theresa May make all our MSP's job impossible. #GCHQ #Spies #bbcdp #pmqs 
"I have a bad feeling that Dean Ambrose may turn Heel on Roman Reigns at SummerSlam, please don't make that happen!! 
Friday Night Lights on Spotify? This Friday's about to get grimey. 
Having a day off today yesterday went absolutely terribly and I was at foo fighters last night so will be back tomorrow. Enjoy your Sunday's 
"Justin Bieber is 1st, 2nd and 5th in the UK top 40  I'm not listening to the radio for a couple of months" 
British Government may face legal action 2 stop it exportin weapons 2 Saudi Arabia.Read: #independant #stoparmstrade 
3rd day in LA, STILL not seen David Beckham 
"remember when that woman was ""giving birth"" during that prank and Niall just fucking sat there" 
The hidden Budget tax rises George Osborne didn't want you to know about 
Is this how David Miliband got into Oxford with bad grades? #BBCNews 
I'm watching Monday's Big Brother and Clay is in it but I'm confused because he was evicted last Thursday? 
"Day for Night was pretty disappointing... still going tomorrow to see Kendrick Lamar, Dillon Frances and Prismo.... 
What even is Kanye west and who gave him a mic? I'll probs wake up tomorrow and he'll still be talking 
@user I may come up with a thousand excuses but I’m dragging my ass to camp tom! 
@user @user the offensive tweets were from Jan 7th after Charlie Hebdo attack dumbass read the date on the tweet 
Jason Aldean is September 4th and I have nobody to go with. Guess I won't go 
How about one on how ESPN got played like a fiddle by the NFL in an attempt to tarnish Tom Brady's legacy? 
"""""Im going home and throwing this up... my diet starts tomorrow."""" -@Alwhit14" 
How cam called obj over to him was just as disrespectful when Kendrick called out Cole 1st and last name on control and not everybody else 
"I will watch Jimmy McGovern's Hillsborough tomorrow, I am absolutely knackered and don't think I could deal with watching now." 
@user our 14th amendment is also under attack, which one do we chose? oh yeah it's up to SCOTUS and they ruled! 
"fox news sunday, there appears to be NO front- runner. I disagree with this, the front - runner was john Kasich he will challenge jeb bush" 
@user are you going to Petrolia’s game tomorrow ? I still havent got to see you or the baby! 
I REALLY just want to cuddle up in a blanket and watch Army Wives right now. But I have a midterm and paper due tomorrow. #yaycollege 
I have an uneasy feeling..last 2 times I felt this way was day before the attitude article &amp; when Briana came to London..I may be wrong tho 
u never see how the disbelievers unit like the unit against Muslims. May Allah doom US it their helpers in this life and pit bottom of hell 
"Hulk Hogan may be a liar, a pig, a cheat, a racist but he is NOT a pornstar!" 
Community doesn’t come on until February now. Lego LotR doesn’t come out for two more weeks now.  Now no Parks and Rec tonight?! #curses 
@user the #Chiefs are missing your presence down the seam. What happened to the #Chiefs that played in the 1st half of Atl game? 
I completely forgot about Prince George's 2nd birthday and I have never been more ashamed of myself 
"My 16 yr old son is going to see the Foo Fighters today. I am so jealous, I may just burn his shirts when I iron them!" 
New Delhi: Members of  (IAC) on Sunday protested and clashed with the police outside Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda 
When September 13 comes along I know I'll be forgotten..  just don't be surprised when Niall gets assassinated 
@user I'm going to Cuba buuuttt I doubt I will be doing what y'all will #13.1 Sunday 
true story: munibond sales guy was freaking out &amp; wanting to liquidate his IRA at depths in aug/sep (talked him out of it for the most part) 
@user oh no Kane are you getting a divorce? I just listened to the replay of Tuesday's show and you said ""bc of the divorce"" WHHHAAAT?" 
#Lions march down the field and #Vikings fans can't blame Christian Ponder on that. That's not a good sign after coming off 10-day break. 
"People seeking mercy for Yakub, Hope this Punjab terror attack may jolt you out of stupidity into reality #Gurdaspur" 
Remembering former St. Louis Blues star Pavol Demitra today. He was a true talent & class guy all the way. A very sad loss for his family. 
2nd most dangerous beach in the world  Gansbaai, South Africa This part of the world is great white territory. A... 
Is it April Fool's Day?  Real Madrid signs 7-year-old Argentine prospect Leo - ESPN 
Caitlyn Jenner may be facing manslaughter charges n not cuz she cut off her junk!!! :D  #CouldntHelpMyself 
Drives me up a wall that I had to see a Kane article on him being traded on the front page of the Sun Times. Seriously? How dull are people? 
I'm wearing my Kony 2012 shirt for the 1st time. I feel lame lmao :/ 
@user  Judge rules that he can NOT issue a divorce for Same Sex Couple because of SCOTUS decision.  
"First Vin Diesel, then Ice Cube, now back to Diesel......why are people still paying him to make movies?  
@user I want Sanchez to go away and have Mota be 5th starter! 
@user Well there you go, John Cena inspires people to kill themselves. I may do a review of the show" 
That Taylor Swift 'Bad Blood' may be the worst quality/budget music video I've ever watched 
I want to go to the SMB tomorrow but worried i will oversleep :/ been sleeping through my alarm 
"Well, our playwright Mel didn't make it to #dawnsearlylight today due to MTA's incompetence. So I guess we gotta eat his birthday treats..." 
Literally so annoyed with everyone on Kanye West's weenie... he's just another celebrity puppet and you all fall for it? C'mon 
@user That may be a function of total aircraft weight at take off at the higher altitude in Tehran. Boo Iran. Boo ISIS. Boo Evil 
"Carlo Ancelotti (Real Madrid Manager): """"Di Maria's wage demands were crazy and he only joined Man United for the money."""" [sun]" 
"They finished with 61 total wins. That was the 2nd worst record in MLB, leading to the selection of Kris Bryant in the 2013 Draft" 
"85 schools closed and nearly 120,000 students affected by Boko Haram attacks with ur we can do more for them @user 
Then you add in the guilt factor. Did Harper Lee really want Watchman published? If her 1st draft has been hijacked I'd feel bad reading it. 
"You may remember Frank Gifford for football, but I remember him for putting his cock in another girl's ass while he was married to Kath Lee." 
How about this? 6 anti-woman policies Scott Walker may want voters to forget: 
"Depending on how this happens, it could give Israel a fine casus-belli for intervention in Syria... 
@user Well said. However moron that Rahul Gandhi may be, he deserves that level of security  @user 
Diet starts tomorrow..too bad I’m too jam packed busy to go to the gym 
Yall niggas must have a different version of Taylor Allderdice. I’m on the 3rd track and already wanna turn this shit off again 
Brutal question for Bobby Jindal: why are your approval ratings so low that even Hillary may beat you in Louisiana? Ouch. #GOPDebate 
Remember the Rolling Stone rape hoax? The false victim was introduced by an Obama White House task force member 
"The Hulk Hogan story effectively ended by Friday afternoon. Instead of disappearing, Hogan going on defensive retweet spree. Bad PR move." 
"US senators fear Turkey may convert tribes to Islam: Two U.S. senators in Montana, together with Pointer Sceni... 
c’mon y’all. Taylor won that award more than once already. the fact that Blake got it this time shouldn’t really piss any of you off. 
Hahaha - Sarah Palin wants immigrants to speak 'American'. They don't make 'em much dumber than her - 
"I think aftr seeing all this #YakubToHang drama, the security guy at d jail would like to shoot Yakub dead rather than hanging him tomorrow" 
"De La Soul were disappointing. Lazy &amp; uninvolving performance that seemed to be made up on the spot. C'mon, guys. Entertainment, right? #FIB" 
@user yep.  Once it’s lost, it can never be returned.  I was in Constitution Hall last Fri.  Got chills.  So much history was almost lost 
"3rd time thru lineups has been issue for Alex Wood. 1st time thru not going so well today. #Cubs with 3 hits, 1 BB inc 2 run HR Kris Bryant" 
"8 November 1987. An IRA bomb exploded before a Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph in Enniskillen, Norhtern Ireland, killing 11 people." 
"Noel Gallagher: """"Musicians are fucking idiots."""" - Yeah, Brian May - he’s an idiot... an idiot who just so happens to be a professor?" 
@user February?! The fuck. NBX shitting the bed w/ Community, Parks and Recreation, Up All Night and 30 Rock 
MacDougall is killing the Raiders.  Mad Dog scores 2nd after good leadup work from Gidley and Houston. Gidley misses kick. Knights 16-4 
@user Tiger Woods is awful. Luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on TGC today and not CBS - where everyone can see. 
Talk about illuminati! Kanye West for president? Please tell me we find out it was a PR stunt tomorrow.. 
#Bills Mario Williams not sure if he'll practice today (wrist) expects to be more effective Sunday. @user 
@user no trick or treat there then. James, may I very cheekily ask if you might record Channel 4, 11.10 pm  for me tonight? 
Samajwadi Party's parliamentary board will not meet tomorrow to decide the future course of action. Next meeting no decided yet. 
Study: Michelle Obama's anti-obesity campaign may actually make people gain weight 
@user They not for sports wit yo hatin ass lol I'm smart af. Yu just focus on friday and them practice Ogt's 
"oh, Vincent Jackson, why must you play on Thursday? making my WR decision very difficult indeed.  #fantasyfootballproblems" 
@user the ACC had a team ranked 3rd guy. Florida State. Until they lost to NC State. ACC so underrated. 
Idk how I feel about The Kandi Factory. Kinda cheesy? Yeah. This was a bad first episode. Not good enough to be a Sunday night show. 
Being in Amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal, I just want to get home! 
"The guy who predicted the end of the world moved the date to Oct/Nov. That's not the end of the world, it's just another Twilight film." 
Rest of the children's table is made of wood, except rick perry, who seems to have matured like a college student btw 1st and 2nd semesters 
Since the US Russia et al. are bombing the shit out of Syria in the name of democracy how about Saudi Arabia? 
Well with Zayn joining ISIS it is hard to maintain their family friendly image. 
Milan's is shit men.....even with dough.....totally lost d plot... 
Bring Boko Haram prisoners to the SE Suspend 2nd Niger Bridge Invade AKWA IBOM  Suspend Federal character Let Southerners defend you 
"Yakub is hanged.Y d cry!!Y d nonsense over his religion.Whtevr religion he may belong 2,he ws a terrorist n thts all 1 needs 2 c n undrstnd" 
@user Runako Morton died in a car crash a west indies bats man charity event at the Rhum jungle  cottons tomorrow family need support 
@user @user excuse me? Cameron does dirty deals with Saudi Arabia may I remind you 
Sent my PS4 scuf (that came broken in the mail) back for repairs in march and I haven't seen that shit since lmfao 
"I hate you Kanye West and if you become president u may be assassinated, I hope" 
Imagine: Arsenal are on the verge of winning the league with their 17yr old, 24 goal, Syrian hot-shot, flying.  And he's deported in March. 
"Dark Souls progress: getting real sick of these Asylum Demon-like bosses. Firesage was exactly the same as Stray Demon! c'mon, Dark Souls" 
My dad & the builder are talking about City and it turns out the builder is sat the row behind me at the Aston Villa game, fuck sake 
This Amy Schumer segment is now old news about 2 days too late...good producer would have had it on Monday @user #Local24 #LML 
@user @user @user #HARD #dayofthedead weekend just got a bit weirder. Chateau Marmont on Sunday? What?! 
Rumours that Chris Harris may join Chris Evans on Top Gear. They'll have to make extra wide doors for 2 such fantastically egotistical twats 
Need cough medicine and/or Lemsips. May be critical if you want the Gazette on Wednesday! Anyone do deliveries??? #dying 
"In a village in the northeast of the country on Tuesday, suspected Boko Haram militants burned down houses,... 
keep thinking its Tuesday &amp; get excited because Styled To Rock will be on then I realise it's only Monday &amp; I have to wait till tomorrow:((( 
@user France may be right, isn't that what ISIS wants spreading  Islam all over the world. ISIL was in cahoots with Bush and Cheney." 
My biggest regret of the summer is not getting tickets for the Kenny Chesney Jason Aldean concert in KC tomorrow 
"Tiger Memon rang up family on July 30 before Yakub's hanging: Instead of grieving for his brother who was about to die, Tiger was  ta..." 
The worst part about #hhn25 being over may actually be that tonight was the last time I'll see Thor and Captain America's abs. #billandted 
"You may be familiar w/ John Kasich ... Or not. Probably not. If you're not from Ohio, then not. #GOPDebate" 
I say it every monday wen i watch raw n ill say it again i HATE seth rollins 
arian foster suddenly Q for monday night with a groin thing.. fuck 
25 dead in key Syrian border town due to major isis offensive in collaboration with Erdogan and Turkey. 
What confuses me is that Briana was LITERALLY fuckin pulled out of louis' ass in like may and like 2 weeks later she was pregnant 1+1=76 
"#KimDavis if u gave as much thought to your own marriage as u do to gay marriage,  you wouldn't be on your 4th marriage now." 
"Boko Haram are so evil. Even on this sacred day for all muslims, they are carrying out bombings. May the hottest part in hell be for them" 
March 15: media frenzy over the Ziam kiss  March 25: Zayn quits one direction.  Y'ALL REALLY GONNA SAY THIS ISNT WEIRD ? 
I think that last friday night by katy perry is lowkey a bop there I said it 
My parents are in the 9th row at a Foo Fighters concert and I just got home from work wondering if it's too early for bed. Life is weird. 
Tony Blair may not be to blame for the rise of ISIS but he certainly has the lives of British soldiers on his hands. Posh boys wants same 
@user the soldiers on duty on bloody Sunday did not get a letter from tony Blair then 
@user And who had Maidana fought before the Khan fight? Hahahaha and he lost to Devon Alexander in February who is shit also! #clueless 
Refusing to own a gun may cost Jeb Bush dearly: Crime is out of control in America. Bush going unarmed will ma... 
@user @user @user Gay marriage is wrong yes, but the only way to a Supreme Court dec is and amendment? No other way" 
@user 3rd: Bad Blood won video of the year and she took all the women in the video up w her and said stupid shit 
@user You may recall how bad it was when the same people had Charlie Hebdo to blame for their own massacre. 
Hulk Hogan has a better chance of rejoining WWE than me watching it again if Lesnar defeats Taker tomorrow #Summerslam 
@user I think everyone is having trouble with it by the sounds of it Kerry. C'mon @user sort it out please 
"BJP accuses Rahul Gandhi of double standards: Under attack over the issue of intolerance, BJP on Monday hit ba... 
Hillary is the Washington establishment, say whatever it takes to get elected. We need a change up... It may not be me but elect someone 
"Saudi Arabia is over producing to drive down the price of oil to eliminate US competition!   Bye, bye oil jobs! 
an example of my shitty luck is that I was in magic kingdom on monday and chris evans is there tonight like wtf universe help me out 
@user 1st and 10, ball on the WSH 34-yd line. Griffin back to pass, looks, moves around-HERE COMES JUSTIN TUCK and DOWN GOES RG3 :/ 
"My law teacher was indirectly taunting me about isis and Charlie hebdo today on class,o wonder what's gonna happen on Monday...." 
@user @user @user "Bennet later dodged a question about the possibility of a Joe Biden run", 4th down eh? UR all hypocrites! 
Doing some serious sucking up tonight so I can go Harry’s tomorrow :( @user 
"Hilary Benn, the Tory press may love you for your betrayal but you will be playing Tony Blair in Chilcott 2" 
@user @user Seen the line under the video? ""Saudi Arabia 'may jail woman who posted video of husband cheating with housemaid'""" 
Obama controlling where you get to live or move into, making choices for you under any Government Loans You may use 
@user doesn’t help that hoya’s my bias in infinite :c (btw what are we gonna do about thursday!!!!) 
If Chris Tucker and Ice Cube not in the next Friday I don't want to watch it. 
"I agree to an extent, it's 2nd worst after Naruto 
@user @user @user Don't look too hard - you may find Monsanto responsible 
@user @user obama's evil comments on the podium has fuelled hate in blacks and Muslims. His aim is civil war for automatic 3rd term 
By 2050 Nigeria is predicted to become third most populous country in the world. Boko Haram may also become a grave threat to world. 
Can't listen to Fleetwood Mac's "Not That Funny" without feeling like it's being sung by a petulant 6th grader. 
Former Soldier Arrested Over Bloody Sunday - disgusting - then the IRA like Adams etc should be arrested now  
Caught the repeat of Jersey Shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out @user WTF.. Cmon bro! Are you serious right now 
Vermalen actually on his own spread instability by gifting a goal at the 3rd min and them making similar error at 46th min which is shocking 
"Assad continues to bombard #Homs, 4 the 17th consecutive day, mobile ntwrks off 4 the 4th day, mjr battles around Baba Amr #Syria" 
Such a retard! Somehow managed to get another trial for Amazon Prime and I've forgot to cancel it for a 2nd time 
"I don't care what you say but no Tuesday can start without a blast of Jon Bon Jovi's """"Blaze of Glory""""" 
Juventus hopeless without their 3 key players and a poor transfer window. Hope the cunts end up 5th in the league. 
"Hmmm...November 29th is NOT a good day for melody. Monteverdi, Donizetti and George Harrison all died on this day (a few years apart, true)." 
Sooo.. What you’re telling me is that no one is down to get drunk as shit for the Cypress game tomorrow and talk shit to the cypress kids? 
Guy I'm working with probably disappointed that I don't care he's going to see AC/DC tomorrow 
DUP want Bloody Sunday soldiers arrested no wonder the IRA controlled Sinn Fein clapped DUP leader Peter Robinson. 
PRO TIP: don't attempt to visit the Blackpool Illuminations in a car on the first Saturday evening of school half-term holidays. gridlock. 
Think Bernie Sanders may be headed for an accident with gym equipment like the one that banged up Harry Reid? @user #Hillary2016 
"Don't be too upset about the lack of football this weekend, the soccer game against Seaholm is only a few days away! Tuesday. Home. 7." 
Eid holidays completely compromised by guests &amp; people I'd rather not interact with. Today is just full of dread. Tomorrow is drudgery. 
*trumpets* ...WWE SUPERSTAR JOHN CENA TAKES ON THE FIGHT FOR THE BELT AND TITLE THIS SUNDAY NIGHT and youre just doing your fucking homework 
"She said she looked like janet jackson, bitch got out of the car looking more like Freddie Jackson #Friday" 
My Saturday night has consisted of me watching The Grey with my puppy while my parents throw a rager #whaa #liamneesonisbosstho 
Big Rally tomorrow, again it looks like too little, too late.  Where was everyone before Kerry and Obama F'ed Up? 
"What's the over/under of pics tomorrow captioned ""I just fucked ur butch in some Gucci foamposites""?" 
@user think you're mad. 6th is only possible if Kane repeats last years feat which is next to impossible 
@user @user @user 2nd we have been at war with Islam for centuries. This changes NOTHING 
"And whilst listening to Dashboard with a hangover, I may as well slit my wrists" 
I won't be able to watch one direction at the apple music on the 22nd because of the sam smith concert and some things at school I'm sad 
I don't see why justin thinks it's okay to work Tuesday's.. It's fall were supposed to get $1 burgers at bar Louie and blackout 
"Assault on Academic Freedom? UCLA Conference Blames Israel: In October, the University of California, Riversid...  
A few Sandusky costumes may have been in poor taste today, but the Old Joe Pa statue in Happy Valley was legit. 
@user Sorry Red, I’d normally love to but I can’t.  I’ll be locked in the office Saturday and Sunday except for the Pacers game. 
@user Every day from work, Monday had the Paley screening, Tuesday had to run errands, tonight auditions ran late. No break yet. :(" 
@user I was speaking in general..but Romney and Obama full of bullshit..put Dennis Kucinich on the ballot then I'll be 1st in line 
briana's cousin is literally that 6th grade girl who just found out her that her laptop has a webcam 
Zaheer Khan was injured on the 1st test, day 1 of Eng’s tour. Steve Finn is now injured(thigh injury) on the day 1 of 1st tour game. Hmmm. 
They didn't bitch when Deron Williams passed the ball to Jordan Farmar to win the game...but Lebron can't pass in the 4th stfu 
@user @user @user Maddow was right. #FoxNews did a hit job on the 2nd tier candidates. Not that I care about Bobby Jindal. 
26 December 2003 - Bam earthquake struck the Kerman province of southeastern Iran. 
C’mon Rebels, put an apple in the pigs mouth!!!   Red Wolves fans focus all of your hate & anger at the pigs tomorrow. 
".@redsteeze Well, it's Rolling Stone, so they're probably lying 
Anybody want 2 tickets to Jack White tomorrow at Ally Pally? Stuck in Matlock, can’t make it. Contact me! 
Why the hell did Randy Orton RKO the air for? WTF is he crazy 
@user u wont be able to buy me that latte tomorrow if u work from 3-7 sillly, unless we go to gets it once were with troy and them o: 
You can literally hear this ghetto ass Nokia from the 1st to 4th floor laaawd 
@user  After the 2nd round, you did your usual melodramatic spew that Dustin Johnson was in a class of his own. Same old garbage." 
So hype to give a presentation in management class tomorrow about why Tom Brady can go fuck himself 
Gold edges down ahead of US jobs data: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Gold edged lower on Friday, with investors waiting for... 
@user I’ll cry with you. I’m having problems not being salty about this Alive Tour tomorrow. I can’t even listen to any Big Bang. 
@user @user I may have been watching old episodes on Netflix as we endure the never ending wait for it to be released ! 
Its been 2 days since I last listened to #SuperScoreboard & I come back tonight & Rangers Debts is the 1st subject I hear. CHANGE THE RECORD 
"Most people may hate john cena, but I think that man is hilarious on the mic @user @user 
Had a rough time trying to make Dark Souls work with OBS =/ Gonna have to figure out a few things and stream tomorrow i #21053 
Whenever I see an ad for IBM, I think about how they helped Nazi Germany to organize concentration camp proceedures. 
@user I'm sad! ((The Gay's)) at Facebook suspended my account for loving women? They said I used the word Lover to may times! Sad day 
"Scott Walker Defends Ted Cruz After Boehner Jackass Comment. Really, #DUMASSWALKER is defending the only guy who may b more evil than him." 
Growth rate of Muslims declined for the 2nd consecutive decade. Will the fear mongering stop? 
Horrible dream lady night....I’m tiered but today is my Friday and its the start of the RODEO tonight #hearthorses 
@user Nooooooooo rosanne! They’ve just restocked them and me going overseas Sunday means I can’t afford them :’( 
@user Yakub has to be hanged and he will definitely be hanged at 7 am tomorrow morning. Birthday = death day. 
Negros at Richwood do sh-t like : Fw/ the same hoes & bet who gone hit her 1st o_O 
so Verlander is starting tomorrow against the Indians and I HAVE to stay over at work. booooooo 
@user If the IRA came active again tomorrow, just as big (if not bigger) threat to UK than muslim extremists.  @user 
"Tony Blair may be responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people, but at least he bowed low enough, eh? #RemembranceSunday" 
"The leader of Boko Haram sect, Abubakar Shekau is missing in a new video released by the sect today August 3rd.... 
After raising only a little over $1 million for his campaign by the end of June, Rick Perry has stopped paying campaign staff members, 
"Yakub will be hanged on July 30 anyway! So Why tweet in his support now? Nothing to do with his movie running in theatres. Eh, Bhaijaan?" 
"Four Palestinians were killed on Thursday, among them three who Israel said were carrying out attacks on soldiers in the West Bank, as" 
"Fuck you Tony Blair. I hated you before, and I hate you more now. I have no respect for this man! 
"""""""""A single-vehicle crash early Sunday morning claimed the life of a Selma teen. James Brandon Banks, 19, was... 
@user get the facts on Planned Parenthood from the conservative media? I didn't know it was funny Friday. 
You mean the Iraqi's that have decided to side with Iran and are basically a satellite of that country? Yawn.  
Ruto's presidency lasted shorter than the 1st shot. 
@user Yes, but Mothers' Day comings from Mothering Sunday, doesn't it? Whereas Fathers' Day is just a sop to stop them complaining." 
It needs to storm February 9th so Endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am Sunday. #MardiGras #NOLA 
@user That clown in American Horror Story may be the creepiest character in the history of TV 
Finding people who can actually see Zac Brown Band with me on Friday is a struggle right now 
"Lady Gaga Just Interrupted Matt Bomer's ""Hotline Bling"" Dance Break on AHS: Hotel and We May Never Forgive Her: Don't you just hate i..." 
@user Reggie isn’t interested in dealing picks like the old regime.  Can’t see him parting with anything other than a 6th or 7th 
"Miley is the 8th most hated person in America, idk why y'all are acting like Nicki gets more hate than Miley" 
I don't like testing I'm glad I don't have to worry about the CASHEE anymore on may.8th (: passed that shxt ! 
@user @user @user I am sure they can find it hidden in the 14th Ammendment next to gay marriage &amp; so-to-be-legalized pedophillia 
"#Jays starter David Price suffers 1st ever loss at Toronto- had been 8-0 (1 W as a Jay) with 3.54 ERA, 60 K, 16 BB in 73.2 IP over 11 starts" 
".. & i probably won't even be on when Justin does his RT/Follow sprees cuz of the time difference. Plus, he may not even tweet as much (C)" 
Everyone with common sense should be wary of Islam.  QED on a daily basis  Wariness Not a phobia. 
Khader Adnan may be released, but the struggle continues. 1,600 Palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day. 
Kane might just be going thru that 2nd season syndrome 
this #earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the MTA that HASN'T caused service disruptions... 
@user  Why no mention that Jeb Bush sat on the board of the fraudster's fake company? Nice try dumbass. 
Anyone in Niagara tomorrow should note that Harper will be in Welland. The sulfuric smell won't be coming from the Netherby tunnel for once. 
Why is @user so scared of having John Cena winning his 16th title?  It's just stupid! 
@user @user ugh. :/ 5th we're going. I'm down all weekend got Foo Fighters on the Sunday... 
Last night when I told my dad he'd be hearing about the premiere tomorrow if he watched E News ... ~certainly didn't imagine like this :( 
Unless Briana was as virgin- the only thing I can tell @user is DNA test! She wouldn't be the 1st trying 2 trap a celebrity... 
#Loanwatch: Ben Amos is a doubt for tonight’s Hull City game vs Doncaster (2nd round League Cup), with a groin problem. 
@user @user Remember the IRA? They're Christian too. We *may* wish it weren't so. 
Wow the equally despicable Donald Trump &amp; Terrence Howard are going to be on @user THE SAME NIGHT (this Fri.) How is that possible? 
@user I’m sorry, I Heart Paris is no longer available at the Rockwell branch! You may call 8587000 to get a copy transferred! :) 
depending how late we work tomorrow it'll be a nightmare getting back into WeHo from Downtown with SMB shut down for the Halloween Carnival 
Men’s latest bedroom worry: ’50 Shades’: E L James’ ’Fifty Shades of Grey’ may be supercharging the sex-drives o... 
@user Dude can't get on the pitch AT ALL. Ancelotti is wise to ship him to us in January before he inevitably comes for free 
Mom made me ask for the day off tomorrow cause she had planned to take us to Disneyland but now we're not going ))): 
"10 Dec 1971-Third UDR soldier in four days, along with one who recently resigned, was shot dead by the IRA in Clady 
John Cena needs to be locked up and throw away the key! He's just assaulted a guest on Monday Night #RAW 
@user The ONE GOOD thing Trump may do in the LONG RUN is Take OUT Jeb Bush. Trump is targeting Jeb as his Main threat. 
@user After watching John Cena's match m really disappointed with this 3rd class system of wwe in summer slam..just like bull shit 
can’t wait until saturday morning when im at work at 5am unloading the freight and i have maria on my ass behind me with the mop and broom 
.@StephenAtHome  #baddecisions You make me not want to watch your show(s) by having Jeb BUSH as 1st show guest @user @user #NOCOLBERT 
Our Wacky Wednesday promo, is going a bit Ground Hog Day!!! I say our  Our Wacky Wednesday promo, is going a bit... 
"I don’t get how people are saying she’s lying about the direction of her 4th album, because she """"lied"""" about the direction of Unbroken?" 
"Provincetown may be a place where gay men have backhair so thick it can prevent a sunburn," 
Fuck that next fight Floyd Mayweather got next Saturday night. It's going to be weak as hell 
Uh drunk and tired and just remembered I'm going to Ireland in the morning and need to pack. Ireland :( 
@user Reviews hit tomorrow, will be writing up my initial impressions then. My general tip for big Android tabs: No, just no 
@user They had a bit on E News the 29th with Adele's announcment and my dad called her a slut and not a good role model. He was 
@user what the difference was? George Osborne WAS NOT AN MP AT THE TIME let alone someone who sat in the HOUSE OF LORDS 
@user Even if Arsenal admits he's out 6 months, we're not making a major signing in Jan... that's if we make any signings at. 
What did Bobby Jindal say? Wait...NOOOOOOO! Why do I get the feeling the GOP pushed Trump out 1st so the typical GOP crazy will seem better? 
@user I am not, think over it &amp; watch the video, nothing but Bible says so it is right. May be good for Christians but it is #fallacy" 
@user I'm sick of playing the Pacers & Gerald Green playing like the 2nd coming of Michael Jordan smh 
Hit me midway through the day that today isn't just 30th aniv of me being an Arsenal fan: also exactly 6mths since we beat Utd &amp; my dad died 
@user @user @user If Erdogan still thinks that Turkey may join the EU, I think he might be dreaming. Won't happen 
If you dont like Chris Webby, Mod Sun, Huey Mack, Machine Gun Kelly or Kid Cudi we can’t be friends bye 
@user Muslims came to my town in the 60's/70's, 1st wave new generation in schools by 1975 ish. By 2nd wave, things got worse." 
1st time disappointed with Modi. @user Information on #blackmoney given by foreign countries cannot be disclosed: Centre to SC 
Prince William met ’the Rottweiler’ Camilla Parker Bowles and she came out ...: Harry may be full of mischief, a... 
The SCOTUS claimed under the 14th amendment they could make the same sex marriage ruling. No matter how far you stretch it isn't there. 
"Where the hell are the atheists? Oh, right. We're talking Islam here. They don't have the balls to say anything.  
Harper:NDP or Liberal Govt possible Harper's spirit broken tired of so Much Hate against him of his own making Given up the ghost Peace MON 
Sat in the library trying to give laryngitis to several people via mind-power. ESPECIALLY the Liverpudlian girl. #STFU 
@user So you wouldn’t have regretted selling Pires after his 1st season? I think it’s outlandish to base all your judgement on 1 season 
"14 July,1099 Jerusalem was conquered by the Crusaders.Tens of thousands of Muslims, Jews,&amp; Orthodox Christians were massacred ." 
Might fuk with Greenville tomorrow night !! 
@user just that we need more people down for working on resolving drought and or issues in 3rd world countries and focus less on gay 
"Hey @user why is the Ohio State/Rutgers game on Sat not being shown in HD on ESPN2 in CO? Guide is showing UCLA/Cal on ABC &amp; ESPN2" 
Tough one tonight for the boys.  Played hard but came up short with a 4-1 loss with an ENG.  Davies scored the lone goal.  La Ronge tomorrow 
"If you hate Tony Blair and consider him a war criminal, it's well worth reading about this 
September 4th 2015 Frank Ocean's album still hasn't dropped. I've made a tumlr account just to follow frank and frank for album updates. 
@user Brain is fried ... won’t turn off ... feels like Ground Hog day ... may need shock treatments to reboot!!! 
Goodell has been caught in lie after lie after lie.  Tom Brady swore under oath he did nothing and science affirms. 
"The @user Name That Celeb contest just refused Caitlyn Jenner as 'correct' answer, demanding Bruce instead. C'mon y'all. @user 
Getting off of Twitter for tonight im gonna get on Tumblr then bed goodnight oh yeah & I WON’T BE HERE THIS WEEKEND SO NO TWITTER TIL SUNDAY 
This goes right up there with Rolling Stone putting a terrorist on the cover. Pathetic.  
"WOOHOO!  Sorry Christians, you may have to actually learn about your religion to swallow this one. 
I am surprised the Australian Tour dates haven't sold out as fast as the ones from the pink Friday tour 
@user Dwayne Allen destroyed Brian Cushing on the 1st down run. Such a complete TE of many great blocks 
Lmao frank ocean just don't exist  
How long will I have to wait to see Ted Nugent rape and kill a kangaroo? C’mon #discovery channel the apocalypse is right around the corner. 
All right. Is Hodgson still thinking of coming to Loftus Road to watch the Liverpool game? Is he not afraid that Rodgers may embarrass him? 
Mail on Sunday: Cesc Fabregas is so desperate to leave Arsenal for Barcelona that he has offered to give up more ... 
.@jimmyfallon I think you should get .@taylorswift13 as guest against Colberts 1st show.   He starts with Jeb Bush really? #baddecisions 
Tony Blair: The Iraq war may have played a part in the creation of ISIS What will the war in Syria create? 
The sun sucked the life out of me yesterday at soundset 
Physics tomorrow is going to be a shit show 
"Could the #Aggies get more conservative on offense? Would be hard. Turn it over on 4th-and-1 at ASU's 20, misusing Murray for second time." 
if you can't handle me blasting mariah carey fantasy on repeat with all of the windows open on a sunday arvo then don't live in rosebery nsw 
@user "Speak American" that may just sum up how stupid Sarah Palin is. I thought they spoke English in the US or a bastersised version. 
"If Dana White was smart, he would've waited on this fight. Stretched it out May v Pac style. McGregor is a promotional magnet. #UFC" 
"I'm about to just tweak in make up HSPA tomorrow, these mofuckas failed me for English by TWO points." 
"Ok, so Kanye West becomes US president means Kim Kardashian is 1st lady.. let it happen !! hahaha" 
@user  Too bad Mort Zuckerman does not believe in the 1st amendment NYDN website evil 
" TheRealPSL Starbucks I hate this. Just wait until the 8th " - Donald Trump #DonaldTrump #TrumpQuote #TrumpForPresident 
Romney falsely claimed he saw his father march with MLK Jr. Anything he won’t lie about? 
#TalkLikeYourBestFriend C’mon Big Ben! We’ll never win the Super Bowl if you keep throwing a pick six all the time! 
@user that sucks, amazon might have some left .. hate that i won’t have it until 11am on Tuesday though 
On the surface, the Film Independent Spirit Awards and the Academy Awards don’t appear to share much in common 
If I wake up tomorrow and Seth Rollins is still the champ I will be so pissed off 
".@minnman47  Some rotten toothed muslim is calling for death and destruction in Israel. Or as Israel calls it, Monday." 
Rubbish day not helped by helpful academic who says I've rendered my unborn baby irreparably stupid by having a glass of wine on Sat nights 
I have a 5:30 shift tomorrow; it's my first back at Dunkin.  and I cannot sleep. and I'm feeling a little sick. great. 
"It's October 4th. Let's be real, Aaron Samuels probably asked her the date then too. That guy was a tool. #MeanGirls" 
One of the blokes spent the night in a cell in Israel. @user is bandwagon jumping and getting it very wrong. 
"Sharknado is one of the worst movies in existence, but I'm watching it for the 10th time for some unknown reason" 
Tom Brady probably cheated his way to winning the 8th grade science fair smh 
"""""Did you see that Andy Carroll header? What technique!"""" """"C’mon! that’s not technique. Technique is passing the ball 5 yards 50 times.""""" 
@user Don't curse the saviour of Islam. May IS take over Pakistan soon to make it pure Sharia country. 
IBM warns corporate use of Tor will leave networks open to attack: 25 Aug 2015. Jason Murdock The use of the T... 
.@johngTLW14 sat next to Sanchez in the nou camp before the wycombe game. He didn't like being laughed at when we said he was taking the.. 
Everybody is responding to that Trump tweet but its from January during the Charlie Hebdo shootings... Still not cool but pls check the date 
E-books in US: prices rise due to deal Big 5 publishers with Amazon, sales down 9.3% (Jan-Jun 15) /v @user 
Parker, Leonard steal OKC’s thunder: Ninety minutes before tipoff Thursday night at the AT&T Center, Oklahoma Ci... 
Be careful of what you share on Facebook #HuntsmanSpyder your Saudi Arabia mech boss may be watching #StayDirty/Ballin #MathNotMyth 
"you may be shallow, but never as shallow as Kim Kardashian releasing her own emojis :l" 
Long day work, G37 meet, Marijuana March and Avengers. All sick nonetheless. 
Saddest part is Christians give me the hardest time about it. Jews and Muslims? They know the score. 2nd Verse IS The First. Touch butts. 
@user hey nigga genevieve cant go shes going to cali and ill talk to maite tomorrow bc she wasnt at skool today 
With the news that Apple Watch sales may not be as healthy as Cupertino claims, we look at how the numbers stack up 
whats up with 9th graders obsession with weed and bob Marley ? pretty sure your mom would wipe your ass if she sees your posts about it ... 
"OMIGOD worst moment when you realise that its the last day of the holidays, school starts tomorrow and you STILL haven't done your homework!" 
@user also, the Dems had huge majorities in both chambers of congress obama's 1st 2 yrs in office. Republicans controlled nothing." 
Okay me and @user are about to watch The Woman In Black. This may be a terrible night. 
@user we dont care about Carling Cup! Save it for #Looserpool! Yeah we lose also i wont be crying all night long on wednesday night! 
Must be the worse golfer of all time Irish Amature Paul Dunne teed off 6.43am Thursday scheduled to finish around 7.15pm on Monday!!! 
Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter stemming from Fe - KXXV-TV ... - KXXV News Channel 25: KXXV Ne... 
@user Bentley at the age of 16, fake boobs &amp; lips @ 17 &amp; Ferrari for her 18th just annoys me she's famous for nothing 
So we arrived in Scotland yesterday and it hasnt stopped raining since. And to make things worse its sunny at home. #typical 
@user looks like I'm going to do that 1st &amp; I have yet to play the RE:Operation Raccoon City game its always out of stock on redbox 
The road to Erdogan's new sultanate is paved with blood: 
Jon Stewart cheating he helps Seth Rollins win that some cheap Monday Night Raw comes on tomorrow and I'm not going to be happy 
"May George Bush drink the blood of every gay man, woman, and child in America! 
Depending on your sensibilities, Unofficially Yours may seem progressive or derivative. Too bad the leads can’t supply the heat it needed. 
Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal must be "more realistic" about their Premier League title chances after losing 2-1 at Swansea City on Sunday. 
Amazon Prime Day is the equivalent of drinking alone at home on a Friday night. 
"If all the 297 traitors sign an affidavit to be hung instead of Yakub, SM might recommend Yakub to be released tomorrow.  Ur time starts now" 
@user @user I feel like I planned my whole day wrong. I gotta get ready for class tomorrow. BUT I JUSR T WANNA WATCH NICKI 
Hey Christians! Why are you so silent about Kim Davis you may be next. We have an out of control Govt that needs to reigned in. 
That moment when you think Google search ads for that distortion pedal showed up on your twitter feed. Nope. 
am I the only one who could care less about the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow? 
1A: Congress can't make law preventing religious freedom, so SCOTUS interpretation unlawful Const Trumps case law 
"Russian air crash kills 'almost all of KHL team Pavol Demitra,Karlis Skrastins,Ruslan Salei,Brad McCrimmon among the dead, may they all #RIP" 
A Florida player would never get away from a cop with pot and a gun in his car. Michael Dyer did - then got dismissed - 
People’s Choice Awards site is sooooo slow, c’mon I want to vote 
@user yah I know it's on. But it keeps saying Monday night football and says MNF on the scoreboard. I'm just confused bc it's Thursday 
"Tony Blair: sympathies for ISIS ""stretch deep into parts of Muslim societies"". Blair just went full Trump. 
"Ancelotti """"varane and benzema have both woken with fever. I don't think either will play tomorrow""""" 
'It just fell out of the womb': 9th sting video shows how Planned Parenthood easily gets intact foetuses from ... 
"Tracy McGrady signed with a team in China today.  Clearly, that team does not have aspirations of reaching the 2nd round" 
I really wish I didn't have work or school tomorrow bc I'd so be in the city to see Justin right now fuck my life 
"Oh how I love the irony of Muslims, it's a concept they just can't quite grasp! 
We have many young male 3rd world thugs on our streets now. We don't want David Cameron to bring in more. 
Still tryna figure out why the hell Hot Jam is on a Monday... 
Islam must be destroyed along with all mosques where the breed future terrorists imams are 5th columnist and should be deported 
Oh Mehdi Hasan. Being anti abortion may not make you any less of a lefty but it does diminish you. And that's a shame. 
"16 Nov 1982- UVF Shankill Butcher Lenny Murphy was gunned down by the IRA in Forthriver Park, Glencairn, Belfast 
Failing IBM services ruining my Saturday. 10 minute test going on almost 3 hours now. And I am mildly hungover and tired... 
@user Asa and Kim bought me a Swarovski rose for Mothering Sunday. I haven't a clue what to do with it. It is still in the box. 
Who's gonna drop shit first @user or Frank Ocean the world may never know... 
"Out of all the things I hate, Islam is #1. Religion in general is #2. Drug prohibition would be a distant 3rd." 
I'm still sad that Sun is gone. And who was the genius that sold them to Oracle? That's like letting Darth Vader babysit your kids. 
Post of the night:  Anonymous (ID: ExcV6jkR) 11/02/12(Fri)00:52:39 No.434329650      This thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut 
@user @user @user @user Maybe she did.  She may not like being blamed for the accuser going to Kane's house. 
watching labyrinth for the 1st time ever...David Bowie is the worst 
Tom Brady's tailbone is going to be broken next Thursday watch out 
Express bus to downtown Fort Lauderdale may be cut: It looks like the end of the road for express bus s... Google 
Got caught up on sat&amp;sun's paper. Pretty upset that the Lexington Herald-Leader put a Go Set a Watchman spoiler on the front page. 
How r the Christian "Right" going 2 accept this from 1st lady when Flotus Michelle Obama got slammed 4 her bare arms 
"Insult the government: Pay a fine. Insult millions of Indigenous Aussies, LGBT, Muslims. That's a Tuesday for the government #18c #auspol" 
Man it's Tuesday you shouldn't be eating thanksgiving leftovers still 
some1 come wait in line with me Thursday at 3@target bc briana is being a bitch 
Come on Win10 users, just to screw with Apple's statistics let's stream their live event from the Edge browser :) 
Oslo has been gloomy the whole day. Am ok with the temperature but not the non-sunny outlook. Hope it gets better tomorrow. 
@user @user If the comment was in reference to the 'Charlie Hebdo' violent attack in january: it is no less repugnant. In my opinion 
Also stfu you annoying Christians waking me up in a Sunday morning and shit!  No offense to the Christians 
@user may I also suggest I hate myself and want to die by nirvana 
"and yes I know his tweet wad from the Charlie Hebdo attacks. Don't tweet at me and say ""that's from January""" 
"Sam Smith's doing next James Bond theme?  Could be 1st one where instead of intro with Bond shooting toward camera, he just shoots himself." 
Nobel Peace laureate Jose Ramos-Horta warned Monday that Syria risked becoming a new Somalia as he voiced pessim ...  
John Kasich has been living in the murky middle on energy policy. His home state may force his hand soon. 
Sam Smith concert tomorrow got rescheduled and it's not til September 30th I'm hecka sad:( 
I hear that Caitlyn Jenner may have to go to jail.  I guess she committed MANslaughter!  @user @user 
Ralphie May has got to be the laziest fucking comedian of my life.. making jokes about vaginas. IT'S ONLY FUNNY WHEN AMY SCHUMER DOES THAT!! 
Bristol City haven't been in this match since Eagles scored in the 31st minute. THIS is my Bolton Wanderers. #bwfc 
just a quick message to my #TVDUKFamily and anyone else who can’t watch TVD tonight, my surprise won’t be revealed until tomorrow so ... 
C’mon you telling me Emily Chrissy and Thalia couldn’t have had a better show case then that? At least a stage for the jackets my mans. 
@user well at the end if the day, gays don't wanna go to war with Christians...however it looks like they may have thrown the first punch" 
I am hearing a settlement may be in the works with Kane and alleged victim. He might be pulling a Kobe - WHICH MEANS HE IS GUILTY!! 
Why would the sun publish such a big announcement of 1D splitting up and not like what they did with Zayn on FB? 
Nicki's pastor is mad af right now. And it's Sunday smh 
@user In Islamic dictionary peace may mean sharing the surrendered woman, beheading the kafirs if refuse to convert to Islam" 
I don’t think my plans for tomorrow are smart  considering I have SAT’s the next day, well YOLO 
@user @user She broke the law that says gay folks may marry.  It is the LAW OF THE LAND.  Stupid Michael Steele agrees!!!! 
"Currently sweating more than Brock Lesnar, house feels like the sun" 
@user bro """"This nigga said Zimmerman was charge with a 2nd degree murder. Who he kill the 1st time?"""" Lol" 
Joe Biden sat on his hands all this time never disagreeing with O.Too late Joe. U blew it. 
way too amped to sleep right now. it is physically impossible for me to take the SATs tomorrow 
@user Father God, the ravages of Boko Haram have got to be brought to an end. May Your mighty Hand seal their fate and bring peace." 
Cardinal men take 4th in Cypress Point tournament: A good host never outshines their guests, but the Stanford me... 
bought tix for sat’s nets game b4 prices jumpd and @user allowd seller to reneg w/o proof the tix arent available #POORCUSTOMERSERVICE 
"My dad just said we can't get Dunkin tomorrow morning..., who does he think he is, telling me no?????" 
Dishwasher repair canceled. ..sears coming out Tuesday...grrrr...can't wait to see Annabelle with David Misty... 
Drake didn’t drop any new shit in October. @user cried this morning when he realized 
Which is the harder half of a song...The 1st half of Kendrick Lamar's M.A.A.D city or the 2nd half of Meek Mill's Dreams and Nightmares? 
70% of smartphone users are Apple blocked iOS 8.4, they do not understand why he may have downgraded to iOS 8.4 , so stuck on iOS 8.4.1 
@user  People say u won’t go to the Pro Bowl because of the play of the Bears CB’s. How are you gonna prove them wrong on Sunday?! 
#Rumors Kim Kardashian may be the West family matriarch but when it comes to ugly Christmas swe... @user 
Scott Walker is a despicable prick..may he get cancer..and roast in hell! 
@user one last push Sunday, and most of them will have a weeks not playing cos of the cup game midweek before NUFC. I never make ..... 
Can't believe that Lloyd Robertson's last broadcast is tonight! End of an era. Who is gonna keep my grandma company at night!? 
"On the bright side we have school today... Tomorrow and the day after ! #killmenow 
"New rule: if you don't like Christians, you have to work Christmas and Easter.  
WRITER #MOTIVATION: Dr. Seuss’s 1st book was rejected by 43 publishers before it was accepted by the Vanguard Press. Don’t give up 
I turn 30 soon &amp; a friend went missing on a Tuesday nite, the other who has his iPhone doesn't know how to use it, &amp; I wasn't even there 
C’mon Tyran why would u even hang out with Jordan Jefferson that’s ur first problem 
I finally saw Sharknado 1 &amp; 2 for the first time at my pal's house on Saturday. I disagree with Australian man dying? Why would you do this. 
yall Briana a funny ass bitch yo she may be slow asf but gosh lee she be having me dead 
"waste time, just like watching on Friday and she said CHRIS EVANS BIRTHDAY YESTERDAY and" 
John cena is a joke please hurry to retire and while you're at it take your little kardashian girlfriend with u 
Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges for her involvement in a car accident. Oh the irony. 
I think those that care about Newcastle Utd. really need to stop this happening. 
@user even a successful bunt puts us right they are now 1st and 2nd 1 out after the IBB to Harper. So dumb. 
I can't do this 3rd day of Eid and I'm back to work 
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday alleged that members of the Boko Haram sect have concluded plans to bomb... 
The media and the rich spend their time talking about Jeb Bush yet he has absolutely no public support. A 3rd Bush presidency? Really? 
@user Oh... there's no joking around about this shit. If there's no headphones, i'm watching Dexter tomorrow morning Haha #fol" 
"IRA men slipped into Harland and Wolff shipyard and damaged the ""Goliath"" crane with a 300 lb bomb; 7 November 1972 
"I honestly cannot believe why Australia aren't taking @user to the Rugby World Cup. Might not be 1st choice, but still a talent." 
"I'd ask I anyone wants these issues of Rolling Stone from the mid-'00, but c'mon... There's nothing worth saving here. It's all kindling." 
Absar is saying on ARY news that Parliament should do amendments so that EC may use the magnetic ink :) Is he Mad? LAANAT LAFAFA Sahafi 
It's Saturday night in Vegas. I'm stuck with no clothes. Wonder if I can go out and have a good time in my Nike gym outfit? @user 
Did he just spoil the iPad Pro?  
So sad to see Muslims support gays in name of equality. May Allah treat you both as gays on the day of judgement. 
@user he may live to rue those words as tony blair is ruing lying to the country 
Lady Gaga fears classmates: Los Angeles, Nov 1 (IANS) Singer Lady Gaga is still in touch with some people from h... 
"Tony Blair is the one who ruined @user , he may have got them in power but he's certainly hurt them !" 
@user If Cena wins on Sunday, it will disrespect the legacy of Ric Flair . Make the right choice @user for the win. 
@user But then the 2nd half of Dark Souls shits the bed and Dark Souls 2 just doesn't care. 
Not a great start for the amateur Paul Dunne. Imagine having to compose yourself to hit your third ball (5th shot) off the tee on hole 2! 
Nigeria air strikes kill 'large number' of Boko Haram: Abuja (AFP) - Nigeria said Sunday it had carried out ai... 
@user You're not coming here The week of feb 16th are you? I'll be in oklahoma so I don't want to miss you guys :( 
ABC: Ricky Ponting and Luke Butterworth made Wednesday a tough day at the office for South Australia in their Sh... 
@user yes I am. Coz for me when Henry, Pires & others left & also Cesc may be, were more sad than this RVP! But do u think he’s leaving? 
"GC Event Update: Friday's event Fire in the Ashes, with Jonathan Kozol &amp; Brian Jones, has been cancelled." 
If J.Cole and Kendrick Lamar don't realease something February....I'm going to be really sad. 
"It's September 7th and David Wright has 5 RBI's and 2 extra base hits, why the fuck is he in the middle of our lineup?!" 
@user u 2 missed it. statement was plotted to take attention away from UK national Rahul Gandhi. 2ndly, such BS ll hit fan in Apr." 
Frank Ocean is one of the last acts at FYF on Saturday and if he dips out I swear I'm going to riot 
"Sick skills, James Rodriguez!   In case you forgot, Canada are taking on this guy and his teammates tomorrow. 
You may try to suffer for there is cast into the Planned Parenthood facility in your gifts, you are above every decision is at work for p... 
Kerry now starts begging Iran to release American hostages, Iranians laughing all the way to the bomb. # Sunday Morning Futures @user 
horrible headache! day of packing ready for my trip to scotland tomorrow! 
"Ravens vs the eagles thursday night , its going fuckin down #teamravens , no fuckin competition" 
All this damn work I still haven’t had the chance to call Martin about these poems. I have to do it tomorrow 
"Rick Santorum: ""DOMA is constitutional. The 1st Amendment protects my religious freedom to force the government discriminate against gays.""" 
"'IS 'blows up' major Palmyra temple' (via Islam may be peace, it's not culture." 
News Break Nigeria The British government said on Friday that the Boko Haram insurgency had brought untold misery... 
@user I've been sat on the floor for 4 hours trying to download songs onto my phone and iPad ... It will take years to delete U2 
"RT @user Really hoping tonite Lloyd Robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell ""I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take  ..." 
It didn't live up to the "Black Friday" hype IMO --&gt; Amazon Prime Day leads to sales surge and consumer complaints 
Dustin Johnson off to a flyer yet again! All he needs to do is stay off the coke on Saturday night. 
@user @user  I hate that they have about 3-4 active universes around. Also, having to take from batman's villain stable? C'mon. 
"There's no ""meeting of minds"" when it comes to terror. As  Tony Blair once said: ""Defeat it or be defeated by them."" 
#motochat A1. Live in NE Scotland ...winter riding would require hand full of nails thru the tyres. No ride season Nov-Mar ;0( 
August 7th: Dr. dre drops his first album in 16 years. Everyone forgets about frank ocean not dropping his. Hip hop heads begin hibernation. 
Erdogan has waged war on the Kurds to stir up the nationalist vote for his next snap election in November.  #YourSilenceIsKillingKurds 
"Boehner tells Obama that sorry, the House is all booked up for Sept 7, maybe you can come another day... 
The Wizards Summer League team has their last 3 1st rd picks, including the 6th overall last yr & 3rd this yr. theyre losing to the D League 
"An interesting toy". Looks like the the Swatch CEO isn't a fan of the Apple Watch (via guardiantech) 
@user @user tomorrow better be a busy day or expect Kane to be fucked half way through. 
Francesco Totti thinks Roma will be unable to catch Juventus & wants the #SerieA side to aim for 3rd this season 
Do Endsmeat? Sharon Stone Rushed To The Hospital! - Oh no! Sharon Stone had a health scare on Saturday when she was ... 
@user @user Looked like Rick Perry! Let's see what the NJ hypocrite J.Scarborough has to say about this Monday Morning? 
"2 tires looked to be a bad decision for Knaus. Went from dominant to struggling to stay in top 10 in 3 laps. Now 7th just in front of 5, 29" 
So, in Jan 2010 Darryl Issa called investigating Wikileaks a priority and today he dumped raw intelligence data on internet? Irony, anyone? 
"Murray with a splendid array of swear words at the end of the 2nd set. Sitting there with the commentator having to say, ""sorry.  sorry.""" 
@user k don’t think I can be there but I’ll try next time but another thing u should try to do is mail Monday with FPS RUSSIA! lol 
Sharknado may be the worst movie ever created 
@user i’m meant to be going Roundhouse, but decided tonight that i don’t wanna go anymore, so gonna apply for Joseph Wright tomorrow 
"Jimmy Fallon hasn't been funny since Saturday night life and even then he was even funny. , Nigga was laughing at his own jokes" 
@user 1st Gucci is wack and his last good song was ""My Kitchen"" 2nd Future is trash af and don't nobody know what he be saying lmao" 
The problem with Labor Day is that it makes every day following feel like a Monday. 
@user my phone does not run on latest IOS which may account for problem the other day .. time it was replaced 
Los Angeles, Nov 2 (IANS) Actress Keira Knightley says although she does not like some traits of her character A... 
Crazy how Naruto is STILL getting new chapters except now he's the 7th Hokage. Makes me feel old as fuck. 
@user @user when you’re accustomed to the 5th grade anti-intellectualism of Fox and conservative radio it must be jarring. 
Isn't Japan's debt large too: The Mainichi answers common questions readers may have about Japan's large debts... 
I think I may just dislike Vanessa more then Rachel from Big Brother 12.  lol!!!! #bb17 #bigbrother 
STOP THE SLANDER AND LIES ABOUT PLANNED PARENTHOOD!! Arizona at Work is on the air Thursday 12-1pm MST (AZ time)... 
america runs on dunkin may explain why america's in shambles 99% of the time 
having Yakub's news on the 1st page by all leading news papers is saddest thing! Shame on you @user @user  #StopBuyingThem 
It is too early to be talkin about throwin that ass at NiteMoves on a Sunday Morning take yall hethen ass to Church 
"Since Seth Rollins has stolen Finn Balor's Sling Blade and His finisher, he may as well steal his entrance... #BGSummerSlam" 
James Franklin one ups Mark Dantonio in the bad play calling department by calling a fake punt on 4th and 11 #UMvsPSU 
"If I wasn't going to Owain's tomorrow , I would probably spend the whole night crying to myself $: .." 
Well fuck. My sleep schedule is not ideal for the SATs tomorrow 
@user omg i can't use my credit card reward points on preorders and it's not available on amazon until the 18th -_- can u wait? 
AS far as I am concerned you Murdered Stevens with Obama's help. Bring him down and your sentence may be lighter. You played part in Murder 
"My 1st Ever Male frnd in London just send me a Ping!!! Dat ping is so annoying, he is my 1st gud frnd bet why dis Ping??? Angry much" 
@user @user @user @user IF CARLY FIORINA IS ON TICKET I STAY HOME 1ST time in LIFE! She's just a #JOKE spoiler 
Donald Trump and Scott Walker would Negros back to Africa; they would try to change the 14th Amendment to the Constitution. 
Obama to Cameron: Who taught you to draw up a kill list?    Cameron: YOU, ALRIGHT? I LEARNED IT FROM WATCHING YOU 
I wanna go to the kendrick concert tomorrow but thats like a death trap 
"#HP Fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable: Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, the former H... 
#Rams have sacked Russell Wilson something like 16 times in his career. they don't record a sack this Sunday and it's time for....mutiny 
Every time I read about George Osborne I picture this evil king from the Elm Enchanted Forest 
@user Replace Rousey v. Tate III and add Rousey v. Chris Justino, all due respect, I don't want to see Tate get beat for a 3rd time." 
"Going to see Annabelle with my mate, only just realised it's incredibly stupid of me cause I'm home alone tonight and tomorrow night :( ahhh" 
Curtis: We won't be going to the Etihad to make up the numbers 
Sam smith will be here Saturday and I'm not going....something is not right. 
Knicks Vs. Pacers in the 2nd Round of Association Mode. Upset the #1 Bulls 
"It's a busy Monday. Dangerously hot. NFL legend Frank Gifford dies, and more violence in Ferguson, Mo. We are on the air now. #WakeUpWith11" 
@user Harper the CPC are going to become a 3rd place party because of your reckless leadership #stopharper #cdnpoli #elxn42 
@user @user I dropped my iPhone in the beer cooler on the beach yesterday so I gotta get a new one tomorrow 
Still bitter that they didn't tweet about MetLife&amp;now Augustana is opening the show tomorrow night. Just keep giving me reasons to be bitter 
The Red Sox have completely fallen apart here in the 10th 
@user @user I will be downgrading and let #Windows10 be out for almost the 1st yr b4 trying it again. #Windows10fail 
@user lmao i sat here for five minutes like what the fuck did i do to courtney???? Ha damn........ -__- 
@user What's annoying is that the one I pre-ordered just came today...Steve Jobs just looted my card. 
If BARACK OBAMA CARED 4 the people of NJ he would lift UNION BAN like George Bush did 3days after KATRINA. #sandy #October failed leadership 
@user is tomorrow the pre-sale for JB in Mexico city? because ticketmaster is making a pre-sale tomorrow i'm sorry i''m so confused. 
Sarah Palin says US immigrants should 'speak American' &lt; Errrr she means English right? 
David Bowie's Blackstar is the sound of an unknowable artist steadfastly ignoring his own past. 
10.10.12: my 1st encounter with snow at Jungfraujoch. Bad weather today in Interlaken 
@user unfortunately, the White Sox haven't helped much this week. Hoping Samardzija can help tomorrow afternoon." 
i spelled dongwoo’s name as songwoo.. omg, who the hell is songwoo? the 8th infinite member??? 
@user that’s shit :(  Banff would be better aswell! Still going out in Keith on the 3rd? X 
I'd rather let Conor McGregor full on kick me in the dick than go to work tomorrow 
If Fabregas doesnt goto Barcelona this season he may never make his Dream switch with Alcantra already starting to seal his position #EPL 
Drinking all the Red Bull and still yawning and sleepy. At least it's Friday? 
No Dany Heatley at Ducks practice. He won't be playing against the #mnwild tomorrow. 
"With the way Boko Haram is going and PMB 's response, we may have more casualties by the end of his tenure." 
David Bowie may be warning us a giant hidden planet is about to hit Earth #nibiru #planetx 
"I will be so good at the military, your head will spin." -some 4th grader who wants to be a General or Donald Trump, Presidential candidate 
You may oppose death penalty...you may demand justice for riot victims but none of this makes Yakub an innocent bystander.Stop this nonsense 
@user could you and JD comment on what it may take to get Kris Bryant out of his current batting funk? 
Kanye west may be an asshole but he's top five dead or alive 
Meanwhile the amateur Paul Dunne has had an epic 4 stroke collapse on the final day of the #BritishOpen. from share of lead to tied for 18th 
Armed with the tools of power &amp; intimidation Harper is trying to steal our country.  On October 19th, armed with pencils LET'S TAKE IT BACK. 
"I fucking hate Dana White, let's not give Aldo a 2nd chance in a 13 sec fight but let's give Rhonda a rematch when she gets destroyed." 
"Scott Walker support has also dropped significantly, down 33% from pre-debate. Now tied for 5th with Huckabee. #tcot #gop" 
"An octogenarian Motilal Vora with his droop and hunchback walking behind Rahul Gandhi may be a disgusting sight for some, but it pays." 
Niall has the worst luck 1st this bitch got a prosthetic leg and now a fractured foot :// 
"After Charlie Hebdo murders, some people blamed the journalists. Hope they're ashamed: France now 2nd most dangerous country for reporters." 
She said that some day soon, the sun was gonna shine. And she...couldn’t have been more wrong! My Valentine. 
@user My student visa get over in 15 Jan 2015. But I contacted to Indian Embassy in Israel, They said it takes another 6 weeks" 
Yeah it’s most likely that I won’t be able to go to the game tomorrow in Tucson unless I get a last minute ride..... #NoRide #Saddd 
I may not be religious anymore but, I'm really convinced that Donald Trump is the antichrist 
ha ha ha... Jeb Bush said he didn't need the base to win and he was going to prove it. But single digit 4th place in NH may be result 
"http://t.co/tWj4ro2 Television's dark ages: From 'Breaking Bad' to 'True Blood,' best shows today also some of the bleakest" 
John Kasich may is just Jeb Bush from the a different state. He's a mealy mouthed squish.  
"Having a really hard day. On the upside, I'm setting off to climb Mount Snowdon tomorrow." 
Kanye West to run for President? Is it April 1st already? #ridiculous #CloudCuckooLand 
my PS4 won't turn on. I may or may not have just lost everything on this piece of shit console. 
Authoritarian titmouse David Cameron uses the same bullshit to justify drone murdering Brits. @user is so proud: 
"Shit is not just fair, but why TF should I care? ~ Kendrick Lamar on (black Friday).. On the beat of J Cole's ""a tale of two cities""" 
I hate the Sharknado fandom. It's a poor imitation of so bad it's good. Also I  don't care if April lives #suckmynado 
muayad sat through an entire republican ad on youtube and now he's calling donald trump daddy :/// 
For I've always hated slavery since the day that I was born....and we're off to join the IRA and we're off tomorrow morn.... 
"Well hell. I'm drivin, by myself, in NEBRASKA tomorrow. Why do I get the feeling that this will not end well...." 
"Hey Mr """"Ego"""" October...Gary Carter & Kirby Puckett are HOFers as are you...the difference is...they were class acts...which you aren’t!!" 
@user didn't iPOOP just came out with 3rd gen IJUNK not to long ago? why the 4TH??? CUZ they CAN NOT compete with SAMSUNG, ASUS,NEXES..,,.." 
Monsanto's Roundup not good for you #Monsanto 
"Adamawa to pay prayer warriors N200m to pray against Boko Haram  In what may appear strange to many, the Adamawa... 
@user Can't hover over link to see file name? Tudou doesn't have playlists and this particular person only had the 1st episode anyways. 
Austin Rivers is overrated I don’t see how he came out in 1st round 
I thought this was the announcement of a Janet Jackson remix at first and I'm kind of disappointed. 
@user no less ridiculous than ANY of the THOR movies by Marvel. Or Melinda May beating up any guy on Agents of SHIELD 
@user the "Harper doesn't hustle" narrative was born, and will endure, b/c of one dumb decision Matty's 1st month on the job 
This is literally the exact same mistake Ice Cube made with 'Friday'. Don't do dis. 
@user @user For the 2nd time I have been charged for something I wasnt made aware of. Person on the phone didn't care. 
This was not destroyed by followers of Islam - it was destroyed by the unthinking shock and awe doctrine. 
My Amazon package was supposed to be delivered today by 8pm. Guess that means I'll get it tomorrow before 8pm? 
@user @user He said it was really obvious when it happens, rumour mill to one side is McLaren obvious? I thought he may go back" 
@user #bradyapology Tom Brady can take his fake apology, tears and lies and shuv them where the sun doesn't shine.  he's a LIAR" 
Tracy McGrady was an injury-prone scoring machine who couldnt get outta the 1st round. Overrated. 
Literally...ALMOST NO ONE KNEW who the fuck Frank Ocean or The Weeknd were on January 1st 2011  By the summer..they were EVERYWHERE 
"#tytlive I will make a bet that all these Republicans who hate Muslims, LGBT, &amp; Women never actually sat down and did any research......" 
"Such a fun Saturday catching up on hw.. 
#Khader Exists Israeli high court will hear case of Khader Adnan on Thursday. That may well be too late. Where are the protests? 
Pink Friday set the standard for all Rap albums. If it wasn't for Nicki y'all wouldn't have them mediocre bitches like Kendrick and Drake. 
Driving from Milan to Lake Como tomorrow. Positively shitting it that I will go the wrong way round a roundabout. 
@user yes but the death of innocent civilians are a major reason for people to join isis just as Bloody Sunday did for the IRA 
Netflix and sleep. I have to get up early tomorrow and I don't want to. I'm still recovering from T. Swift. 
"Whoever made this iced coffee at Dunkin' Donuts, does not know what they're doing and it's Monday... #getittogether" 
"I can feel Louis saying a huge 'fuck you' to the Zayn  it may be just me, but I'm a lit student take my word for it" 
it's supposed to snow from midnight tonight until 6pm tomorrow? oh well that's friggin awesome" 
@user you ain’t gone do shit tomorrow we gone see chicken shit 
@user Wednesday Adams is my spirit animal she only got that bitch face cause she mad about her forehead 
Uniontown all ready has a 2 hour delay tomorrow smh Brownsville is gonna be the only school that don’t have shit 
#smdh.. see how shady America is.. 1st they were pouring out love for Caitlyn Jenner.. now reading all the HATE FILLED tweets.. #pathetic 
@user haven't listened all morning, WED is an IPod day, besides don't want to hear about Astros choke job 
trying to watch ahs at a bar and the sun is just hating me 
@user support for 365 has been terrible. On the phone for an hour then got dropped. So far not worth the headache. May ask for refund. 
@user that’s crazy. I’m more jealous of u going to Joe Pa’s grave! I was sad Saturday when I walked past where the statue should be:( 
Mom this case may be one of the most strongest cases possible but it feels like holding and using a fucking NOKIA! 
In January France declared day of mourning for 12 people killed at Charlie Hebdo. Today declares 3 days of mourning for 129 killed in Paris 
"Rise to ""unprecedented levels"" in verbal harassment incidents, no mob harassment on 2nd day of Eid: initiative #Egypt" 
Iran: Mass execution of 8 prisoners in just 3 days #health #politics #sun 
My godsister better take her ass STRAIGHT home after school tomorrow. NCA won’t be the place for her to be after school 
@user should get the donkey of the day for singing Katy perry and that ""Friday"" song on his show" 
@user it's a disgrace that the game came out in japan on 28th March smh,naruto games come out within a week worldwide" 
Narendra Modi's 3 tweets on black money from March. What is he if not a #BlatantLiar ? #BJPBlackMoneyDhokha 
"I got the practice CAHSEE tomorrow at school. dear practice CAHSEE, can you not. sincerely, me." 
Chris Evans admits defeat as he can't juggle both Top Gear and TFI Friday 
"When Islam respects women, gays, atheists, free speech &amp; human rights then it ""may"" earn my respect." 
Mitt Romney falsely claimed he saw his father march with Martin Luther King Jr.  Mitt Romney what won’t you lie about? 
Because the answer is Wednesday and that is very soon and I'm still not packed (also my Amazon Prime order didn't arrive today wtf) 
@user If Cundiff is still the kicker come Sunday I’m starting a riot. 
My lips are chapped, my ovaries hurt, and I cannot think of any scary movies with Alan Rickman. Thursday sucks. 
"i can't find my school uniform, guess i'm going in naked tomorrow" 
"""power is cancelled tomorrow due to lack of hustle....deal with it"" #Sandy #heavyweights" 
Funny how you speak the truth and people still justify their wrong doings may a higher power guide all of you misguided Muslims AND jews &lt;3 
@user stfu wit them excuses...Clippers gonna beat the hell outta the Lakers tomorrow 
"with the threat that unless they are given a pay rise, similar to staff at Urdu language schools, they will embrace Islam en masse on 14th" 
Caitlyn Jenner may be going to jail for killing that chick: Caitlyn Jenner leaving The Nice Guy nightclub in W... 
George Osborne orders Gov departments to draw up plans for a further 40% of cuts by September - the man is gone mad. 
Caitlyn Jenner is being charges for vehicular manslaughter cause someone died in a car accident in February. Does she go to male or female 
Happy birthday Bernie sanders you may be the best presidential candidate but I see right through u 
John 3:16 meaning: 3rd and 16th letters are C and P, for child porn, and the guy’s name is John. he’s recruiting at the game. 
@user Ugly, are you taking the CAHSEE tomorrow?" 
Jay-Z is the 2nd Most Overrated Rapper of All-Time behind Drake 
"FCBarcelona captain, Carles Puyol will be out for two months after dislocating his elbow in the match against SLBenfica on tuesday. #fcblive" 
@user You are a bitter man! Who brought about the Good Friday agreement. Did he manage that without talking to IRA interests? 
So tired of Chelsea and their mind games with Costa injuries. Watch him start and play 90 minutes tomorrow. 
"If one more commentator references how """"smart"""" the Dook players are, I may just turn this mess off. #overratededucation #dook" 
How many of you believe that Andrew Breitbart very well may have been murdered? 
okay tomorrow is hell day. can’t wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible. call me danica patrick, if you must 
Giving Iran nuclear missile technology will create global warming this may make even more terrorist lose their jobs so its ISIS i guess. 
"Sorry gang, 2nd Act of Ant-Man just kills my buzz. SO BORING and the writing is REALLY bad. I'm hoping this stuff wasn't in Wright's script." 
The only bad thing about the #Mets streak is that David Wright may injure himself from celebrating so hard so often 
STUPID WORK CHRISTMAS PARTY BEING ON STAR WARS DAY! Going to have to see it Friday morning. 
ANDY MURRAY CRASHES OUT Andy Murray suffered a surprise early exit from the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.  
@user It is predicted that the Winter Classic and the All-Star game will be cancelled this upcoming Monday .. FUCK !!! #EndTheLockout 
Nicki's butt is just too big like c'mon that's not even fun anymore like 
"ffs Louis is the fucking sun, Niall is holding his damn guitar, Liam is the only one singing seriously &amp; no one knows wtf Harry's doing" 
How are you spending your Saturday night? I’m currently sitting crying my eyes out to The Vow. 
Amazon's refusal to integrate nicely with the Android ecosystem may have been its undoing in the Fire phone market.  
Caitlyn Jenner Fears Going To Jail More Than She Did Transitioning: Caitlyn Jenner may be going to jail and th... 
@user @user just recollecting Modi's speeches during May and the assurances of Rajnath Singh on black money. Feel cheated 
@user Donald Trump's tweet is from January 7th after the Charlie Hebdo attacks.... tweeting for attention on issues like this is a no-go 
"It sucks that I'm not even excited for the #SPECTRE theme tune debuting tomorrow, if it is Sam Smith it will really dampen my excitement." 
@user @user Tomm and Sunday most likely. Not sure when I’m going back. No power in NJ 
"May We live to see they end of these devils called ""Boko Haram"" and hear what the haters will say." 
@user It's clearly a trap. In fact suspect it may have been prentis who emailed out pretending to be George Osborne. 
"Death threat to Justice Dipak Misra who refused Yakub's mercy petition""irrespective of the protection you may avail, we will eliminate you.""" 
@user Your mail monday with Fps Russia was such a tease lol 
"Sharknado is the silliest film franchise so badly produced I cudnt stop laughing through the 2nd, I saw sharks flying n had to call it a day" 
I just looked at UVa’s SAT requirements and such... im definitaly not getting in straight up. lawl at me. looks like im going to transfer. 
@user So, you didn't show up at Zac Brown Band last night. :( If you are there tonight or tomorrow, then...well...we're in a fight" 
Hope he dumps his gay porn stash first: Kentucky Clerk Says He May Die Fighting Gay Marriage  
Machine Gun Kelly Concert On the 30th!! Me & @user Bout 2 shut this bitch down! 
David Cameron knew British pilots were using air strikes on Syria in July, but now refuses to welcome anymore refugees as he calls for peace 
Three hours of sleep would be a lot worse if it was Monday. It's a Sugar Free Red Bull breakfast morning.  #TGIF 
@user Traveling the whole circuit? Cleveland can be pretty dismal in March....unless you're drinking w me for my bday on St Pattys 
"School starts on monday, I want to crai." 
"I don't want Saturday to get here. But I'm ready to bomb #allregion in Hot Springs, sooo... Might as well get it over with." 
@user as fans we should expect 6th and visible improvements in style. He will have to drop Kane for the cups now which is very sad. 
News in the #DMV: Commuters face "Terrible Traffic Tuesday"; 6 shot, 1 fatally, in 2 DC shootings; Hot, 93; Nats lose, Harper calls out fans 
Right down to an uncomfortably close win over the Jets the Pats and Packers are mirror teams...both will be bounced by Championship Sunday 
Alabama got a huge commit today but doesn't know it because they're all too upset over Sheridan admitting nothing. 
Very gruesome terrible injury for Marcus Lattimore (2nd year in a row) be strong, the injury was similar to Mcgahee from 2003 Fiesta Bowl. 
"R&amp;A's handling of the end of round 2 was diabolical. I watched Spieth, Matsuyama and Dustin Johnson early Saturday, very unfair on them." 
"RT @user The Morning Note: Crocodiles, High-School Dropouts & Madonna: Wake up and smell the Internet, people. Here's wha... ..." 
@user This must be the 20th time this old advice to Hillary has been recycled as "news."  She is who she is. That's her problem. 
Mark Martin by far the most unluckiest Nascar driver of all time, 2nd 5 times in points & the heartbreaking 07 Daytona 500. 
Just pulled a Dustin Johnson on the 18th at Castle Creek and don't know if I've ever been this depressed 
True religion? I give fk to any and Islam comes 1st in the q @user 
’No Favorites’ for Russia-Portugal Clash - Capello: MOSCOW, October 11 (RIA Novosti) - Russia’s match with Portu... 
This old white dude on WorldStarHipHop had a plate shited on it sat down without wiping his ass & ate his own shit OMFG so fucking NASTY!! 
"In age of a ""global"" Charlie Hebdo, it's clearer than ever: you can't have your laugh about everything with everyone 
@user I'm sad that Naruto (manga) is over and I'll probably cry when the anime ends. Kishimoto-san is coming to the US in October!! 
The Pentagon Throws the Book at Bowe Bergdahl: It looks like the Obama administration may have traded five hig... 
@user @user ..LeFraud can NOT carry his team in dah 4th qtr!! We’ve seen it time an again! He looks for Miller and Chalmers...etc! 
You say no to western education but you record videos and post them on YouTube. May your hypocrisy destroy you BOKO HARAM. 
Adamawa to pay prayer warriors N200m to pray against Boko Haram. At 1st I thought this was a joke. Now I know money's the root of all evils. 
@user @user I have nothing to sat GOOD about a KOCH or SCOTT WALKER, Their interest in cancer is NOT benevolent! BUT CAUSES big C" 
Sharknado is definitely the best of the worst. Come see the spectacle this Thursday at 6 &amp;9pm in the RH Theatre! 
New studies about Monsanto's lies. #BanGMO #StopDarkAct #GrowOrganic #BanPesticides #BanGlyphosate #BanRoundup 
"Rodgers: """"I've read we sent dossiers to the FA on Sterling/Sturridge &amp; having showdown talks with Hodgson on Sunday &amp; all sorts of rubbish""""" 
Real Madrid are the most corrupt club in the world... So this ain't a surprise!!!  
Watched 5 minutes of the roast of Justin bieber and it may be the most brutal thing I've seen 
All I know is Marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party I went to with jaylon on Saturday were Marana tigers. 
@user you guys are really putting Stoops in an awkward place... I mean, Heupel was his 1st quarterback. They have 14 yrs of history" 
So it's the start of October. 30 days till Halloween. Trust some dickhead to dress up as Joseph Kony on the 31st. 
Secret Service was at my house for Hillary's visit tomorrow. Quote of the day from one: "If you see the Agents start to run - you run too". 
James Corden telling Chris Evans' young son about a fight his parents were having live on TFI Friday.  #cringing 
"Never mind TFI Friday, I wish he  would bloody end his Chris Evans &amp; His Celebrity Chums Chat Show on Radio 2." 
@user @user Good morning, you two. Have you heard about Obama, the UN, and #Agenda21? He's a traitor." 
Dr Jan Radio 2uE tonight with David Oldfield re  Kevin Rudd’s sad loss of family cat. Pets deserve honouring cos they love  unconditionally. 
"George Osborne today, Saturday 5 September 2015, stated on Sky News that the ""pure evil of Assadism"" is responsible for the refuge problem." 
Why in the name of Monsanto am I sitting @ home on Saturday night trolling for used RVs on Craigslist..oh yeah, I have no date. #FuckAllYall 
@user PS4 was extended by 2 days. Why don't you do the same to us? With all the problems we had it should be up till tomorrow 
Murray's serve broken in 1st service game 2nd set. I'm not watching any more. He does my  head in at times doing everything the hard way! 
@user were you shocked at how poor Sunderland were on Tuesday night against a small town from Yorkshire ? 
@user I’m going to VCU tomorrow! And you didn’t come see me? :( 
saving episode 12 for tomorrow because she made me angry and i just spent 13 hours playing naruto ultimate ninja 4 so my eyes are dead 
Why all y’all going to NCA tomorrow? It ain’t gone solve nothing . Just create another problem. 
@user @user yeah i’m not to sure about Klass -jan think he’ll be an Andy Carroll type striker -bang em in or flop 
"Worldstarhiphop has a video of @user kissing Stevie J -- Men don't kiss other Men on the lips.. 1st time was suspect, now you guilty" 
"My mom makes tacos every Thursday, and it gets gross, why can't we have Taco Bell? :/" 
Well, after more than 2 years I just got a copyright notice from Nintendo on my 2nd oldest video. The culprit? The Wind Waker's main theme. 
21 November 2012- 22 prisoners aligned with IRA group that killed prison officer David Black ended their 18 month protest at Maghaberry 
F-Train was messed up again today between York and Carroll St....what's going on MTA???? GET IT TOGETHER!!! 
This Thursday Night Football game sucks. But Go Chiefs! I just want to see hot head Rivers explode on the sideline tonight. 
John Cena may help Wish kids &amp; Nikki Bella but what has he done for the middle class except sell them bright shirts? 
Tony Blair's wars on terror (eg Afghanistan) failed to make Britain safer (from heroin)  
Apple CEO apologizes for error-ridden new map app: Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized Friday for the company’s error-ridden new mobile map... 
If Jeb Bush wins by some far chance the flood gate will be really opened and our 1st language will be spanish 
Malaysia s AirAsia X to suspend Iran service: Malaysia: long-haul arm of budget carrier AirAsia said Monday it w... 
"I figured Sharknado was played out at #2 &amp; tonight we get #3?   I won't be watching, just like the 1st 2" 
"It’s fucking Friday! So it’s only right to bump """"Friday"""" by Flatbush Zombies at ignorant levels" 
"David Cameron, Tony Blair's useful idiot.     [All began with a hanging chad in 2000AD.]   
Frank Ocean may be the most inconsiderate artist of this generation. 
@user @user no. Congress makes laws and the SCOTUS settles disputes. In this case, the 1st Amendment lost. 
How in the world do you go the NFL Combine knowing u have a chance to be 1st Rd pick & test positive for marijuana? #reallystupid 
@user I just got back from Hawaii on Monday and I’m feeling sick too. 
Somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead. I look like a participant of Ash Wed. And I pulled out chunks of eyelashes :/ #fuck 
If you call me ’Good Girl’ one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region. 
God he’s a daft thing! He (Merlin) is not very bright sometimes! She (Circe) apparently sat there washing her paws, ignoring him! #girls 
Martin Atkinson is the man in the middle on Sunday.NUFC have never won an away game with him in charge. 6 Losses & 4 Draws (via @user 
"stop that my dude...""""@KButter5: dook football, even the sun shines on a dog’s a$$ some days. #UNC""""" 
@user @user @user yo bro we may as well just leave it   Alhamdulilah Turkish Government is run by Erdogan 
Alan Pardew apparently compared Colocinni to Bobby Moore.   I may fucking shoot the prick for that Blasphemy. #NUFC #WUFC. 
Hillary will not make history as 1st female Pres. She'll make history by being 1st Pres candidate to be indicted on criminal charges. 
So heartbreaking that the @user is actually gonna cancel the Winter Classic tomorrow, must be brutal trying to divvy up $3.3 BILLION! FUCK!! 
#Obama and #Hillary may have used Benghazi lie to win his last election but the #Benghazi #truth will lose Hillary's 
Babe just left to Tucson. :( Won’t see him till Saturday. #Badtime 
"Okay, so I may have known some of the sht that happened in Kpop but I guess I went on hiatus because everything was negative and in turn..." 
Winter Classic is cancelled. Bettman better watch his back. There’s gonna be a lot of NHL fans who want him dead. I may or may not be one... 
"Narendra Modi on Wednesday targeted Congress President Sonia Gandhi,saying she should not come to the state """"without doing proper home work" 
So gutted I can't see Fort Minor in London on the 8th as I'm already seeing Foo Fighters :-( 
@user @user Where as you find these Muslims Blocking roads in Busy Mumbai suberbs on every Friday for Jumma ki Namaz! Why? 
"El cor: Aug 18, 5:30 AM EDT  IS MILITANTS CALL ON MUSLIMS ... and the blame game continues, its about Isis not Turkey" 
"Robbie Keane speaking now: """"We let ourselves down and we let the country down. It wasn’t good enough on Friday."""" #rtesoccer" 
Kanye West may be running for president but that doesn't change the fact his wife has been pissed on my Ray J 
"This may be an unpopular opinion, but I think that ever since the Grammy's snubbed Kendrick the first time,they just throwing awards at him" 
Planned Parenthood Sells Intact Aborted Babies, One "Just Fell Out" of the Womb 
@user    Sharknado without Tara Reid is just not Sharknado , might as well call it nonado if no April #AprilLives #Sharknado3" 
Gujarat government may even claim that the Quran says killing Muslims is rewarding. #facepalm 
Why does jeff foxworthy host are you smarter than a 5th grader? He isnt even smarter than a 5th grader #romney08 
@user seriously, got punished for a month in the 8th grade for going to contraband and its been downhill since #wildchild 
Why I decided to watch The Notebook for the first time alone at midnight on a Thursday is beyond me, can’t stop crying 
Newark Niggas is NASTY lol if I told you about this boy name Shawn that I use to call 20th st Hoodlum 
Kanye West wants to be the next black US president. i bet I'll be the 1st black Pope by  then. 
"it is july 65th, i am drinking water, still no sign of frank ocean's album" 
Angela Merkel says border controls may have to be restored It's a pity she didn't  listen before it was too late. 
@user @user Rick Perry forgetting the 3rd thing was a career ending thing. Higher offense than all Hillary past SMH 
@user Now envisioning Tues night FTs where you read Carry On to Obama, because he's prez and has to know abt Simon &amp; Baz first... 
@user not that your point isn't totally valid but he said that tweet after Charlie Hebdo not Friday. I made the same mistake 
Well yall are gonna forget about this tomorrow anyway just like KONY 
"#mufc really need to sort their shit out! No defenders &amp; attackers! Stones &amp; berahino or Kane, may not be the best yet but would take them" 
Gutted #MUFC have fell out with Real Madrid. No chance we'll sign Bale and Ramos in January now. 
"May I know what is your IQ score?I just had a bet on who has a better IQ, you or Rahul Gandhi?  
That U2 album that they sneaked unto my Itunes is still there. I swear I deleted it. Lord knows Bono may be the anti-Christ. 
if frank ocean wanna be stingy &amp; act dead then ima treat him dead. my condolences may he RIP @user @user @user 
Taylor tried to milk the LGBT community again on Sunday night. WHY AM I THE ONLY GAY MAN THAT'S SEEING THROUGH HER BULLSHIT? 
Everything is the same with the Heat. LeBron can’t play in the 4th, Heat fans are still cocky as fuck, and Chris Bosh STILL a raptor!!!! 
Hohohohohohohoho  This may be the beginning of our end! Iran too is standing at the corner o 
"#Syria #Homs, Baba Amr. [8 Feb 2012]. (IMPORTANT) Desperate distress call from Baba Amr to the world. #CNN #BBC #NBC 
Big Brother is going to be the reason I fall asleep in public tomorrow and mess up the first 3 weeks of school oops 
Donald trump may know business but I don't think anyone can fix our debt in 4 years and you can't sell the us 
"Road accident is the 2nd highest source of violent death after Boko Haram in Nigeria.Yet,no data to warn citizens @user #DATARevolution" 
Between Sharknado and this panda eating a frozen cake this has been a terribly distracting day on Twitter. 
First Murray is out for the Dallas Cowboys now Felix may be questionable for the Atlanta game. Not looking good for the running backs! 
i really want to turn into one of those asshole people who dont know how to act in the dunkin doughnuts on 7th they're always fucking up 
3rd rep just hung up on me. Absolutely devastated at how @user customer service treated me, wow. 
Stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if that’s the case I’m not going to the rave in San Fran. #priorities 
'Last Friday Night' does not depict a healthy relationship with intoxicants. do not invite Katy Perry to your parties 
Its sick how they show Ice Cube writing Friday the film during straight outa Compton init 
"Udhav should know that Modi ruled Gujarat for 12 years what you have done except """"MAR PIT"""" &amp; only to say Marathi Manus even not accepted." 
Kendrick Lamar KILLED J.Cole in the Black Friday Aswr. 
"Let me remind you, DAILY TRUST..  MONGUNO: A NO-NONSENSE GENERAL TAKES ON BOKO HARAM  
@user We may not need Bernie Sanders after all. Because it appears America now reflects Scandinavian apathy more by the day. 
With Krul injured for Newcastle does that mean that Rob Elliot will start in goal? Has he been on bench this season or 3rd choice. #cafc 
Sun newspaper disrespecting the war dead? Really labour woman? What does your leader really think though? We know he respects IRA #bbcqt 
Donald Trump may criticize Jeb Bush all he wishes, but he isn't able to call Jeb Bush, nor his supporters, racist like the Donald is. 
@user is that the same Tony Blair who invaded Iraq on the basis of a lie? The man you wouldn't buy a 2nd hand car from? 
@user ordered my Moto G last Friday, said it was all assemebled that day, still hasnt shipped. Bummed I don't have my new phone yet..." 
@user C'mon @user If anybody needs your harsh advice , it would be your friend Jeb Bush! @user does a heck of a lot better 
"this guy is devil himself but always calling Muslims ""Devil"", may Allah make him blind may Allah destroy him. As if 24/7 he doesn't sleep" 
Smells Like Teen Spirit playing between the top and bottom of the 10th. Probably not what Kurt Cobain had in mind. 
@user Are we idiots,to not know that Islam is a totalitarian satanic political cult,which doesn't merit D protection of the 1st A" 
@user it's July 64th and I still don't care about frank ocean 
Sigh: Didn't get paid today. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe later.  It all results in a sober weekend full of contemplation and playing with PS4 
"Christians shouldn't have to make ""deals"" to defend their religious beliefs, ever!! 
I never see any 21st Generations trying to copy the "Other King" Elvis Presley - Every goddamn artist in these days copies Michael Jackson 
@user We couldn’t make it to Jan though edd is 4 Jan! I’m a feb kid & if it coincides with the CNY, I only get 1 ang bao! BAH! 
@user LMAO Nicki can never fuck with Kim. Kim's Black Friday diss record lyrically slaughtered Nicki. What are u talkin bout??? 
Was going to watch Brooklyn Nets - New York Knicks tonight but it got postponed, Knicks gonna get butt-fucked by Miami tomorrow :( 
@user my parents won't let me go to a Demi Lovato concert with my friend. Also, I have a hard test tomorrow and I'm so stressed." 
Justin Biebers music is the 11th biblical plague 
Why has no one put a YouTube video of Todd Bertuzzi assaulting Steve Moore on an iPad while he’s in the penalty box? 
#RahulStrikes pls ask Rahul Gandhi if he forgot the 14th n 15th charge as he was referring to a piece of paper and with borrowed aggression 
@user I don't know if I want to see a 3rd, I definitely don't want to see Kane" 
"I don't care what you say. ""Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter."" makes me laugh every time I read it." 
If you aren't rooting for Paul Dunne tomorrow in The Open you:   A.  Are not Irish B.  Have no soul 
Miss those days , when all the relatives would just gather at 7th Uncle house and celebrate Chinese New Year , I guess it’ll not happen agn 
Wow @user may be the worst idea since Hitler decided to invade Russia. I'd genuinely rather listen to George Osborne. &amp; I loathe him. 
They may have ditched Hulk Hogan but the WWE still stink: 
I just think that sports are stupid &amp;anyone who likes them is a lesser person &amp; has a small intellect- Amy Schumer 
"School starts back monday, ive only just started looking at my AB test revision sheets and i want to die fs" 
Sold out and took Tom Brady in fantasy. It will be first time in his career he throws a legal football so he may suck. We'll see. 
"C.J. Cron has dropped a popup, booted a grounder, and broken up David Price's no-hitter in the 5th with a double #Angels" 
@user Hey Jeb Bush, first thing you need to remember is that you're actually running in a primary. 2nd primary voters are nuts. 
@user @user but c'mon, Mods make the game better or in some recent cases it FIX IT! FF Type-0, Dark Souls, ToZ, FFXIII" 
Apple CEO ’extremely sorry’ for problems with new maps: Source: --- Sunday, September 30,... 
@user Given Saudi Arabia has the 3rd largest military in the world. This better be a whole lot more than more the endless blah, blah." 
Seriously Kanye West is the biggest joke ever. The burrito I am gonna get at Moe's tomorrow would be a better president. 
"Thursday will be very tiring day for me! BCLS, Nurses Day Rehearsal and then Soccer!" 
This may be the worst Big Brother episode in history. 
.@HoppyKercheval  @user conveniently came to this conclusion after it became veto-proof.  I'm sure Harry and Obama OKed this 1st. 
@user @user doesn't know what he's talking about mate. Wilshere being saved for Wednesday same with vermalen!!" 
Cupid did so much work da 1st time that he don’t wanna be my friend no more 
Shaker can't just post pone Halloween .. tf wensday I'm getting my candy not on Sunday 
"Ryan Braun failed me Friday, failed me Saturday... I went back to him today &amp; he came through.  Short term memory is key in #MLB #DFS" 
@user @user @user @user Based on the constitution/14th amendment a ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional 
The ONLY line I will remember tomorrow is John Kasich's dad was a mailman..... Who the hell cares?!?!? @user 
@user You started with tweeting 'who cares' and this is so stupid bc i bet when Zayn will show us his 1st song/video you will care + 
"RIP Frank Gifford.Golden Boy. HOF player in NFL and last of Mohicans from Mon Night Football crew.Cosell , Meredith and the GIFFER...;(" 
@user @user @user 1st, Clinton is the worst debater. 2nd, have you ever heard Joe Biden open his mouth? Hes a clown! 
.@TeamCavuto @user Prez has weakened us; taken down missile shield (1st thing!); shut NASA; flooded us with Muslims; enemy 2 Israel. 
So i'm really not happy with the fact that I have to wait till January to play MGO on PC. I'll be picking it up on PS4 as well. 
All of the Santa Clauses that Chuck Norris sat on as a child are now paraplegic. 
all the jack and jack girls ain't gonna have no chill when calibraska comes out tomorrow. 
Breaking news: Saudi Arabia bankruptcy now on the waywithin Feb for crude breakdown below @user for over supply and less consumption globally 
Tuesday will be my last day in Florida :-( 
"No Streamerino tonight, I am too tired to get continuously rekt in Dark Souls. Watch me die tomorrow instead!" 
@user you may be right he was innocent.If Levinson stupid enough to spy on Iran about cigarette smuggling then the guy is a retard 
@user Can't blame Nike if you sign a shitty contract in the 1st place 
If got a pimple the size of Jupiter’s 12th moon on my forehead! FML! 
Not cool having Miesha Tate, the former bantam weight champ on the under card. C’mon #Strikeforce treat her better. #RouseyKaufman 
@user I Pre-Ordered The Taken King Digital Collector's Edition for both the PS3 and PS4 in July and I didn't receive anything today... :( 
I have a resting bitch face that would make Wednesday Adams jealous 
@user I've had several problems with Amazon Prime - Customer service has been a nightmare especially if your items are from 3rd party vendor 
A day after taking steps to warm relations with Hispanics, Donald J. Trump may have taken a step backward when he suggested that Jeb Bush 
@user trying to book for Thursday, says twilight tickets available but can't click on it and nobody ever answers the phone!" 
Joe Biden the molester really you want this guy teaching your children to be what touchy feely? 
@user met to say...Monsanto KILLS everything...this may be the one time I believe in an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. 
Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor missed training today, and won’t play in the Europa League on Thursday, because of a hamstring injury. 
Fireworks go on sale tomorrow. I’m sorry, but after experiencing Independence Day in the States, NZ fireworks can’t impress me at all. 
#pause I bet the clippers are gonna get in the Lakers ass Friday (today) 
Why would anyone want to form a Metallica cover band? What is the upside-one day if they are lucky they may open for an AC/DC cover band? 
@user @user @user @user @user Murray will never win a slam again unless he changes. 2nd serve a joke 
@user 2.5 hrs of just sitting on flt80 at DFW, will miss my connect to Milan. 2nd missed flight/connect today. Any update on plane?" 
@user is she cussing out Nicki? I may need to learn how to work this tv 
May be Rick Perry wishes he would have answered question he was asked 5 times in 24 hours on fox what would u do with 11 million illegals? 
Holger may have another selection headache with Carl Valeri coming off with a possible injury after 30 mins in tonight’s game v Cesena 
@user Arrogant! Came to 1st debate knowing he’s leading in polls so he didn’t have to prepare! Then Romney shows he can be POTUS. 
Lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks Stuckey. Unfortunately, that’s not allowed, to bench with 4th foul as Pistons reclaim lead, 67-65. 
Jonathan Clary’s blocked punt sets up Mike Longo’s 3-yard TD run and Laguna Hills cuts Dana Hills lead to 20-17 with 9:38 left in 3rd 
@user @user there's no middle ground with her though. Her Jay-z insights used to veer off into the 3rd testicle range 
NJEA Teacher's Convention_ Nov 8th & 9th in Atlantic City has been cancelled for the 1st time in its 158-year history. 
George Osborne got away with his Big Lie. Brace yourselves for the real cuts   
@user maybe that's a weird 1st message to ever send you aside from (nicee ) on your drawings but that is a lot of gay 
"My heart is bleeding for Paris and la France, brings back the feelings of Jan 7 when  I arrived at Gare du Nord and heard of Charlie Hebdo." 
Pretty Little Liars is not back until the 8th of January!!! I’m devastated 
I’m not even gonna bother watching Eurosong tonight. Saw enough of it on Tuesday. 
When the *NSYNC account tweets "tomorrow night they're together again," I want the "they're" to be *NSYNC.  Not Justin and Jimmy. 
The Boys:  Calvin Watkins explains why Sunday night games are bad luck for the Cowboys and... 
Tonight, Obama was the Buffalo Sabres and Mitt was the Dallas Stars. It may not seem right... 
LAKERS NOTEBOOK: Nash listed as doubtful for showdown with Clippers: Steve Nash and Kobe Bryant sat out ... #lakers 
The VP of the Senegalese Football Federation has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of Saturday's home tie with Ivory Coast 
"Sick Quizling Jew @user lies again about Israel. In other news, the sun is also rising today. 
When it comes to Thursday night football this makes the Europa League look top fucking notch #EngvSM 
Will take that result & top the group as well.   Bet Tim Howard is cursing away at us ahead of Sunday #LFC 
Rahul Gandhi: Ready to go to jail if allegations are proved against me: Breaking his silence on Thursday over the allegations against... 
TV Ratings: CBS and FOX split a low-rated Wednesday: On a night impacted by both Halloween and the after-effects... 
@user @user damn this is like the 12th post. Either Gucci got slapped or he didn't. 
@user but then I was like she may like Kpop so I take the chance and told her she was like : are they all CHINESE I dont like them 
This book is a slap in the face to all Muslims living across the Middle East who r trying to fix a broken religion:  
@user well then you need to take Kendrick Lamar off cause his last album wasn't good you probably just going off of Black Friday .... 
Donald Trump, Sarah Palin, and Ted Cruz are going to be speaking at the Capitol tomorrow and I'll be in class. Damn. 
@user I just wanna wear a sweater and yoga pants tbh, but if I were to wear that tomorrow I would probably just die." 
I'm dreading all the press tomorrow saying Hair is about Zayn when IT WAS WRITTEN WAY BEFORE THEY BROKE UP 
Everytime I reread/re watch Game of Thrones, Ned Starks death at the end of the 1st book/season is the most depressing. #GoT 
Kane may have raped a woman &amp; the 1st thought teams have is about trading for him? Fucked up. 
@user this is the 5th time I've asked now and not once have I been helped. Why do I get kicked off xbl when I don't watch Netflix 
"awww man, Great Yorkshire Show has got cancelled. @user what are we going to do tomorrow now?" 
@user Obama is weak because he could have done it alone with the 14th ammendment when he knew that congress would block it. 
I wanna see @user Friday with al green so bad. Missing my Pinkroom family!! # 
"OMG #mufc play on monday night football,  times makes me kill my self right now..  f*** off you liverpool, City, Arsenal and Chelsea" 
Saudi to raise petrol prices by up to 40%: Riyadh (AFP) - Saudi Arabia said Monday it was raising petrol price... 
did something happen at curtis again? cause apparently no one's going to school again tomorrow....???? 
@user i swear!! You dont needa be that ratchet in 7th grade. I was just about to call Joseph Kony. 
Watching the news about sandy.. makes my problem seem so small. Yet I had a headache all day. =\ on another note tom is my friday! 
That girl Rhonda Rousey is BAD. And she’s got 6 Ws all by way of 6 1st rd arm bars. #BadAss 
Sooo I didn’t know the first Friday The 13th didn’t have Jason in it..... 
Amazon has opened an online store for Black Friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place.   HAHA THIS IS WAR! 
1st he disallows use of Global Warming, now-&gt;Governor's office scrubs press release on Planned Parenthood via @user 
"More meta-textually, Ant-Man may be the worst movie in the Marvel Universe for gender roles. Of its... 
"If the wild rumours about Alonso's 2015 salary being thrown around are true, that diamond encrusted mono-brow comb may be getting closer..." 
Hillary doesn't want to run as Bill's 3rd term. Biden doesn't want to run as Obama's 3rd term. Both want to run as Sanders's 1st term. 
I just realized that Thalia is going to be tortured tomorrow for an hour lmao 
"Check this video out -- Obama, Sarkozy, Cameron, how many children did you kill this night? via @user 
"Muslims, you're so good at marching against religious persecution why don't you go to Syria and March for the Christian's. Show your honesty" 
"Boko Haram may have just killed 2,000 people: 'Killing went on and on and on' 
While former IRA terrorists swan around with their 'letters of immunity' handed to them by Tony Blair. Absurd.  
@user @user @user Most number of Muslims in the world R killed by fellow Muslims!1st sort it out&amp; then bark against Hindus 
Black Friday has such a minor role for Yakub it's not even funny. Considering he's the only one who got the death penalty. #JustSaying 
Celebrity Big Brother has dipped below 1million viewers for the first time ever in its new Saturday timeslot: #cbb 
Murray can't be happy with that tie-break esp. What did he need to do better this match? #usopen 
"Universal Credit may leave people worse off, UoP research undertaken with Centre for Social & Economic Inclusion shows: 
@user And he'll endlessly criticise Muslims, Christians, but never a word against the 3rd monotheistic religion:  Judaism." 
@user Miley may be the only person more annoying that Kanye West. Good lord she needs to just disappear. 
I am real mad that the replay of Saturday's Made In America Festival does not include Beyonce. Unhappy @user subscriber!!! 
@user :( For what it’s worth, I thought The Finder was a funny, clever show. Sad it didn’t even get a 2nd season. 
@user @user However, he has confirmed breaking a chair in the Duke pressbox, 2nd such destruction at a Duke sporting event. 
Wichita St. with fundamental breakdowns in 8th. Hall singles, Harbutz fails to bunt him over. Hall picked off. Coy whiffs. SIU lead is 4-3 
@user chandler & him were going to trade Concords & cool greys, but I was going to tell Da’Shon to not bring them tomorrow. 
July 21 2015: there is another unwarranted official holiday in Pakistan  although three days of Eid are gone. a wrong decision by the govt. 
"These poor kids man...Junior Nkwelle, Tia Sharp, April Jones...What if it wa your kid tho..? :( :( :(" 
What if Cena wins the Undisputed WWE Championship match at Summerslam this Sun? A riot is very likely to take place!! 
Lazy saturday post cricket season. Keeping an eye on Eastern Province v KwaZulu- Natal Inland on Cricinfo but can't say it's doing it for me 
no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's Republicans 
"To make matters worse, these are ""dumbed down"" SAT tests. Thank the NEA and Big Brother! 
My bad let me fixate Y'all may be Muslims but you're not practicing Muslims 
I may pull out the hair I don't have if I see another Rousey vs. Mayweather headline. 
Why no Christians in Saudi Arabia? Could it be the forced conversions and expulsions in the 7th to 10th centuries? 
"Our Cameroun horror, by Boko Haram returnees: On  August 3,  Cameroonian authorities  began the repatriation o... 
"Hulk Hogan, you may not know this because you don't say it a lot, but you can replace the n-word with the word, ""brother"" and you're fine." 
My grandparents really just sat me down &amp; made me read scriptures about how being gay is an abomination &amp; told me I'm going to hell... Welp. 
"But with poverty defenders, midfielders from Galatasaray and Olympiakos and a captain that works as cancer in your team, you may expect to" 
thank you jack and jack for putting out calibraska tomorrow when I'm fucking broke 
Gutted I'm missing the cardigan match on Saturday! But more important things to do 
"I may have the ass of Kim Kardashian, but I've the face of another celeb! Now I need to work out whose cock I have! 
@user Murray's career is characterised by a pathetic 2nd serve and an unwillingness to be offensive unless he's playing Djokovic 
Damn Drexel and Penn have canceled classes for Monday and Tuesday due to the hurricane. 
@user next Wednesday going to the Disney one. No chance Avril will go to the universal night #wimp 
Sharknado may well be the flat out dumbest thing ever to occupy a TV screen. 
Brock Lesnar must put an end to this.. This dude be sneaking up on people in a dark arena.. Shit.. No one will cut the lights on Sunday 
"And come April, all the Celtic supporting wannabe IRA heads who don't even know their own history will go on the... 
All the hoes will be out this Saturday at the Chris brown concert. 
*finds out we need a shot for 6th &amp; 12th grade* Kelsey: "It was Michelle Obama wasn't it. She took away our food &amp; now she's stabbing us." 
Niall is 22 this Sunday and I honestly don't want to think about it 
Why are u so quick to criticize Christians but u shut up like a scared mouse &amp; say nothing about religions of hate ? 
"being gay in general is haram in Islam. but if you're a Muslim that's gay, then May Allah guide you." 
"LMAO i read ""cultural evolution is Lamarckian"" and was like o shit what's that dude's name again? and the 1st thing i thought was Kendrick" 
wait if the power is out tomorrow then i’m going to miss a new how i met your mother, NOOOOOOOOO 
#DragMeDownMusicVideo  trying to imagine the video but can't just thinking that tomorrow I'll see there  first music video without Zayn ... 
@user You’re saying perseverance in all instances. That doesn’t mean #OccupyAUC is equivalent to 25 Jan revolution. see the diff? 
People getting off Caltrain at 4th and King for the #SFGiants parade are already pretty wasted... at least they didn’t drive in I guess. 
Amazon Prime Day... tried to be Black Friday but realized it was, in fact, born white. #PrimeDayFail 
@user 3 grown adult males watching Kung Fu Panda 2. On 2nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but HK, land of ""Murses""" 
What’s worse than being stuck in a time loop of Groundhog day? Being stuck in a Monday loop. 
"I took my 1st class, Charlie Hebdo was attacked. I stand up with consistency, Paris is assaulted. Beware if I get a special.#MerdeALaMort" 
Having a really hard time processing that Connor Howell sat on the Curtis side at the game last night. 
@user recognizes most top religions-Christianity, Buddhism,Judaism-but fails to recognizes the 2nd largest religion in the world,Islam" 
@user Democrats will quickly implode and concede.  Obama will either veto the Boehner bill or invoke the 14th Amend...then IMPEACH! 
"Hulk Hogan is on @user for a racist thing he said; 1st question is ""Are you racist?""  What kind of white ain't gone deny that?!" 
I just fucked yo bitch in sum Gucci flip-flops 
Some low hanging Monday fruit:  "Sarah Palin says immigrants to the US should 'speak American'" 
Dana White &amp; Joe Silva are scum bag atheists and Ronda Rousey is endorsing Bernie Sanders. Don't give them your money. Stream the UFC on Sat 
C'mon Joe Biden. You really don't want to be President. Stop thinking with your ego and start thinking about the party and the people. 
@user @user -__- shid i may not be able 2 take screenshots of it but everybody @user me. Peyton Siva kik'd me this morn #NoLie 
Im going to be the Black Dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid. 
"I haven't talked to you since July 19 th and all you can say is ""So do you like Beyonce's new cd"" GTFO" 
I used to have the dopest bob Marley shirt for tomorrow but now it's gone:`( 
Sad scenes about Underoath splitting. Off to Newcastle tomorrow for the weekend. Try catch the #arsenal game too. @user if yr about 
"Tomorrow I'll be criticising Iran severely, right here, in front of you, as if I was a born Takfiri. That's life." 
"RT @user Final Destination 5? Pretty sure ""final"" means the last one...not the 5th one." 
@user Won't have it until tomorrow for PS4, but I know some people got it on Saturday :(" 
Just now remembering that @user told me @user had my painting and Mitchie didn't even mention it in 6th period #anger 
@user Curtis Good isn't good enough for the Scottish 2nd Division mate - another terrible buy to go with all of the rest. 
It is sad to see Christians living in the bondage of ignorance. May God have mercy on Pastors. 
@user I put 'Do not take out or upload a 2nd time (for example Youtube, Vimeo, Tudou, Youku, etc)' its the same thing." 
Significant part of the migration crisis is caused by Turkey punishing Europe for the cold shoulder given to Erdogan 
Its a shame I wont be able to watch the Heat smoke the Knicks tomorrow 
AFC away fans on Saturday. All this stuff about the ’she said no’ chant. It’s bollocks. When he has the ball, just turn your back on him. 
@user Was there a specific reason you guys stopped doing Kpop Music Monday?  Feel out of touch with KPOP since you stopped. :( 
"Not really feeling this new season of American Horror Story. 1st 2 season were legit, it went downhill after that." 
After 75 today maybe I was wrong about Dustin Johnson getting over US Open collapse. Terrible 3rd RD #OpenChampionship 
Is the Chris Evans show really bad this morning or is it Monday morning blues? 
Sandy Alderson may as well change his name to Madoff because he is robbing the Mets. 
i can talk about Malcolm X all day... like when i got kicked outta school in 8th and 9th grade for being too radical about Black Panthers 
Everyone in ISAT needs a lesson in dressing professional. I’m skipping the walk down the hallway tomorrow. I’m embarrassed for you. 
@user Erdogan the Son of Jews Like his Grand Father Mustafa Kamal Ata Turk (May Allah Curse Him) 
"Sat in the dark listening to twilight sad. Really, really upsetting" 
@user These people CANNOT know who Mick Jagger is...you ain’t old, old skool maybe but c’mon! Mick Jagger has a lot more years than you! 
Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed Chelsea midfielder John Mikel snubbed his calls in London while he attempted to speak with him 
All my friends are going to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow and I got offered a ticket but ya girl ain't got $145 so I'm maddddd 
"Can't help believing how much Dustin Johnson was robbed in the 2010 PGA Championship, and how that ruling may have sidetracked his career." 
"The 1st Sharknado was good, the 2nd bad and the 3rd was just pathetic. They are making a 4th, but I'm done with them now! #sharknado" 
@user WHY?? Phil is as simple as that ridiculous state he's from. The boy may as well go have a little chat with rick perry! 
"Remember when I sat through that horrible show """"Breakout Kings"""" just because T-Bag? #worthit" 
SOPA Is Back! As a Ransomware Virus: [http://t.co/Rzgj7JZJ] After historic Internet protests in January the SOPA... 
Curtis is right: #SJSharks forwards coasting back to the D zone is not a formula for success. 3rd line didn't distinguish itself there. 
@user didn't iPOOP just came out with 3rd gen IJUNK not to long ago? why the 4TH??? CUZ they CAN NOT compete with SAMSUNG, ASUS,NEXES.,,,..," 
"Stocks Keep Falling, But... By Pater Tenebrarum:  SPX Slices Through 200-dma  On Monday, the stock market tried ... 
"How are these fools talking about ""Niners are the best team in the NFC"".Last time i checked, the Giants SHAT on them. Held them to FG in 4th" 
This is a trending topic: Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge You cannot make this stuff up. 
meanwhile its half past midnight and my neighbours are sat in the back singing Bob Marley songs ugh 
"Dana White is a terrible promoter sometimes. Instead of praising Holm her for her performance, he says Rousey had a bad night? C'mon man." 
@user this may surprise you Curtis but some people can care about more than one issue at a time. @user @user 
The pacing for the 4th Harry Potter movie was so ridiculously off and it ruined the entire movie. 
@user @user @user Colton is busy right now and may not see it. Did you send it to his mother and/or Traci Scarce? 
"Who needs sleep? It's not like I have a test tomorrow or anything... 
Hey Jeb Bush, are these examples of acts of love also? Wake up dude, they want bring their craphole country to USA. 
@user Will Rahul Gandhi be under oath on 19th ? What is his real name should be the first question. #NationalHeraldCase 
"In December 27, 2008 Israel started it's war on Gaza with a massacre, killing more than 200 Palestinian in one day 
"Listening to ""Bad Blood"" Remix with Kendrick Lamar...I may be old, and that's ok....but what in the hell do all of those acronyms stand for?" 
@user   Democrats want to THROW ANYONE in Prison for disagreeing with Gay Marriage.  
@user it has been more than a week, and as usual, no updates about my nokia in it's 2nd long hibernation in ur service center :) 
Damn dawg you weak ass niggas are really berating Kendrick. 
My hormones are spiral out of a control, I am crying over the Jeremy Kyle show for not the 1st or the 2nd but the 3rd time today #wut 
Open source misconceptions fading: IT Web: South Africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the world in ... 
"Don't want to play one that's too long, what with Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike on Wednesday, and Deus Ex: Human Revolution on Friday." 
"He going to the fair , on Saturday & I'm going to be out of town ! Mann BULLSHIT" 
Four Hard Questions to Ask About Jeb Bush's Tax Plan: Jeb Bush's tax plan is coming out Wednesday. Expect the usual soaring language ... 
I want to go for Dance on Friday but it seems like I can't because it's Nurses Day on that and we can't skip it! NUUU. HAIS. 
About as much interest in today as I do in the Rugby World Cup. #zero 
"C'mon Christine,  even you know Tony Blair is a has been. @user 
"I saw a post on Islam that just hurt my little hurt, May Allah offer us ease of a belief... Allah says oh you who... 
@user Force out at 2nd was the first out, then the walk to Harper, then DP.  Yea terrible managing. 
Protest march in Mexico City against drug war. 'I want justice for my murdered son' #drugs #cannabis @user 
Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar is the filthiest shit I ever heard 
Christians may act like the world because they are ignorant of who they are!   
Nothing to do with Islam. #lonewolf mental issues. Family issues.  Nothing to do with Islam. Preprepared excuses 
@user @user I certainly wouldn’t be spending my hard earnt  taking the kids to see say Shels 2nd XI v us, clubs will fold no doubt 
@user right! Where is the 2nd Vita heaven? Vita is a zombie right now. Maybe Sony is busy on the PS4 and just forgot about the Vita. 
If I don't go to school tomorrow then it's Carters fault #TurnUpWithCarter 
Things that you never do on time:  Apply for FAFSA, your 2500 word paper due on monday, restocking on ice cream. 
Boko Haram on Saturday claimed responsibility for attacks in Chad's capital N'Djamena and the Nigerian city of... 
"So guys my Internet wont be fixed till tomorrow morning so no Ustream tonight so sorry but will have Instagram later, tweet name then! Woo" 
ok inbox on iOS has a pretty animation for the sun but thew android version doesnt :( 
Kurt may have been drugged again with Rohypnol, possibly in the Root Beer can found at the scene. After he was incapacitated, the murderer 
@user ehm. Well. Uther was dying. Merlin pulled the last spark of life from him and pesky Morgana emerged 1st... 
@user it's easy if you're Donald Trump.  "I'm the greatest!  The rest are losers and 3rd rate!" 
"I may be shit at guitar but at least I can work a broom across a floor, George Harrison you lazy fuck!" 
Buffalo Bills’ Kyle Williams Misses Practice Thursday: For a second straight day, Buffalo Bills... #BILLS #NFL 
Scott Walker brags he treated teachers as harshly as he'll treat ISIS. Now he's trying to destroy #Wisconsin farmers 
Author: IF I've EVER reviewed your book, grab a screen cap NOW! Amazon may pull it down. 
Is the RNC afraid of Carly Fiorina? Call the RNC at 202-863-8500. She's earned 1st debate stage. 
@user Comparing Sept 11th to Republicans. You don't think that's just a tad distasteful to the lives lost? What a jerk. 
@user Ben has said his 1st SB he played like shit and against the Packers he played ok but 3 picks hurts 
March Against Monsanto is now just, "Hey, let's try to see how much pseudoscience we can spout out!"  Jumping on chemtrails and Big Pharma. 
@user watching the Trayvon episode I recorded. The Martins are incredibly strong & I am so sorry for their loss May God bless them #rip tm 
Do you need any more evidence that Scott Walker has zero diplomatic chops. #nobusinessrunningforpresident    
1st day back at work after a terrible week off and I've forgotten my ipod, security pass and lunch! #mondaydaze #cancelmonday 
Jay-Z stole Bigs actual words damn near da 1st 8 bars on "I just wanna love you" (give it to me)  
"Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow and I'm extremely sad I'm not attending, I'm gonna be depressed the whole day" 
"Blacks are the most disgusting race on this planet. Well people in Iran, Afghanistan, Iraq, Isreal, etc may be worse. Romeo Rose" 
"Obviously he's not going to march in the Pride parade in San Francisco," says one of these non-Catholic fans.... 
So I'm at a party in Austin and naruto is on. So you better believe I sat down in front of the TV to watch this shit 
Rick Perry has stopped paying his campaign staff. Is this a sign he may drop out? #Stop #Sign 
Sorry but on September 12 I will be watching the Oklahoma Tennessee game not Floyd Mayweather hugging someone for an hour. 
"RT @user @user He may be that, but Obama spent $239 Billion a day after getting Uncle Sam's Credit Card in his hot little hands, s ..." 
i'm going to digi tomorrow &amp; i'm so scared 
So I heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and wanna talk? Wtf? :o  #weird 
"No, they wouldn't. Nor would millions of Christians want the 3rd world crap holes they live in. 
Rick Stein really is incredibly dull. Bring back kids’ Saturday morning telly please. You know, with pop groups and stuff #sarurdaykitchen 
For anyone who lives in the UK &amp;has ordered Shay's book from Amazon, it isn't available for release day delivery so it won't come on the 6th 
Omfg? Magic Mike XXL was on cinemas last July 1st and I didn't even get to see it bummer :--( 
"#dw_english Kim Davis, gay marriage, and the death of Christian privilege in America: Arrested for denying mar... 
School on Monday! I don't want!!!! :( 
Of course Nigeria blames the U.S. for not being able to fight Boko Haram. 3rd world countries don't want to progress. Just depend on others. 
Sick of a Congress beholden to special interests? Voice your concerns at the FEC public forum on October 9th RSVP: 
"Why Yakub is so scared of death, when he is sure of getting 72 virgins tomorrow? Why Siculars are denying Allah's guaranteed reward? Sad." 
I can't believe people really like Sharknado enough for them to make a 3rd part. So stupid. 
awwww shit I still got some new Amsterdam in the fridge. mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before I go out 
"I now feel bad for buying a Thor novel for $4.95 at Barnes &amp; Noble, but now I know why it was $4.95. #LCD  
You may break the record, but you're no Ric Flair, Mr Cena 
Bear with me for the power crisis: Jayalalithaa: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Wednesday asked the people of Tamil... 
Imagine if population %age of Muslims in India declined &amp; someone wrote asking Muslims to be happy about this 
"August 28, 2015 Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, seeking to reclaim some of the oxygen Donald Trump has sucked away... 
Erdogan may be about to take his push for power to a whole new level, and is drawing U.S. and NATO into his game 
Bitch a lot of people do sextapes but because it was briana yall are attacking her  
@user In this series the Nationals may have lost the division and Harper may have lost the MVP. 
@user He is hip hop Sidney Crosby to me. May be the best at what he does but SUCH a whiney self important bitch that I don't give a damn 
Man, I’m sorry for the death of MR.MITCH LUCKER. May he rest in PEACE. 
"Sunday Dialogue: Curing the Health System: ... fostered by Republicans who place ideology over country, took tha... 
If you violate a restraining order and have to go to jail, it may be because the deputy voted for Obama #TheMoreYouKnow 
Many people on the planet have a death wish. They don't care if Monsanto is killing them or not. Sometimes you may as well save your breath 
@user just fear like all Muslims you can not say a word against your own however evil they may be! 
Is history just something which Tony Blair invents as he sees fit? Amazing. 
So Miley don't know Nicki from Southside Jamaica Queens. Where people slap you because it's Tuesday. 
"Now that a UK soldier has been arrested over Bloody Sunday, I hope all the IRA, UDA, IVF and other murderers will be rearrested" 
"*Paris in January during the Charlie Hebdo attack.   Please, people. Fact checking principles exist for a reason.  
Going to Digi on a day which isn't a Monday just seems weird and so wrong in many ways. 
@user You may very soon get what your wish. #Israel looks set to come out of the closet &amp; give their bomb raid kiss of death to Iran. 
@user Here's your story from today: Supporting the Lions continues to be super depressing for Detroiters. 
"Twins lose to David Price for 4th time this season (he has a 1.16 ERA vs. Twins), fall into tie with Blue Jays for playoff spot w/ 5-1 loss." 
@user no don’t! I have to fit into a Tomb Raider costume next Wednesday! Save it for the #cakecrawl! 
John Kasich applied all the rote Republican dogma until he found out he couldn't govern that way. He may be the GOP voice in the wilderness. 
@user Serena can't fool me that 2nd set was a gift to Venus. She didn't want to beat her in 2 easy sets. 
and now I have to listen to Tegan &amp; Sara because I'm so damn angsty after reading about the social pressures of 7th grade 
@user i went trick or treating every year of high school except senior year only cuz negros was faking. im going tomorrow too. 
"You know, Soundset was the shit but I don't like this sun burn" 
@user   "Arkham Knight, sir. I may be new to you but I'm not to then Batman. We have something in common. We both want his head." 
1st question: Why haven't we closed the borders? 2. Why Mr. Duncan wasn't transfer to any Hospital that can handle Ebola? @user 
CPC polling 3rd. Hate polls but I want to believe this. As individual CPC candidates come to realize that Harper is drag to them, Distnce? 
RT @user Boehner wants president to change speech to Thurs instead of going against #GOP2012 debate. What? Same time as Packers ... 
@user AUSTRALIAN DIRECTIONERS just had a heart attack. the news said that you boys were back here in Oct/Nov :-( #nottrue ? x 
"the question now for america is how low you can go first trump now kanye  west,kim will officially be the 1st first lady to have a sex tape" 
I don't know if my eyes could handle this match what a big fucker may God give Dean Ambrose the power to beat this monster #RAW 
Google forgot second page, as well forgot many things. The fax. And a bunch of other things.  Told work to expect it on friday 
Craziest day ever and back for 3 shifts at work tomorrow (Kim Kardashian cry face) 
"RT @user Fire up the outrage machine, because Channel 4 are showing Four Lions as part of a 9/11 anniversary season: ..." 
@user If Christians spent HALF as muc, no 1/4th as much time on abuse as they do on gay people we'd make PROGRESS!" 
Why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas....where the hoes at @user ? 
The Gazette reported on problem of cyclists flouting the law at the Top of The Town. Now the police are cracking down. See Thurs Gazette. 
Big Brother tonight & X Factor on Saturday? May have to cut my ears off & spoon my eyes out this afternoon then. Is there a braille twitter? 
Donald Trump doesn't even know what the Quds force is--much less name its leader. Worth taking seriously, right? 
Upset Ohioans: Can we name the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame after Sarah Palin and call it even? #denali 
Illogical things are not Democracy. After Deutschen Nazis accussing Angela Merkel in betrayal, she may crack them by Police to be clear 
I don't believe my luck. Last night I said I was gonna go 25 down on Conor McGregor 2nd round win and never put it on. Fuck my life. 
@user that's horrible news that UMBC will wait until 6 am tomorrow to let us know about closing.  Hhhhmmmm 
@user Lotta problems with this list... only one I'll mention here is that GKMC is Kendrick's 2nd album 
I think Sarah Palin may have a health issue . I had a hyper - active thyroid and I still can't remember all of the odd things I said &amp; did. 
@user Miss USA pageant questions were epically bad. I think you have your topic for the show tomorrow 
Upset that the publishing company is acting like Go Set a Watchman is a new book.. really it's just the 1st draft of To Kill a Mockingbird 
Man #guilty of plot to #kill Muslims with X-ray device - Aug 21 @ 9:16 PM ET 
@user Hello its called dana white losing a massive amount of money because he put it all on Ronda.  People lost their shirts Sat. 
@user @user Next you'll be telling me Monsanto is trying to feed the 3rd World? 
"Who the heck did John Kasich pay to get all this good post-debate pub?  Who is he? Oh right, and the debate was in Cleveland.   But c'mon" 
Saturday Night Live is going to have to find a new actress to play Sarah Palin, she's aged too much for Tina Fey to play her now. 
the 1st twilight is soooo bad 
"Homework catch up day and then dinner with the ""Big Brother"" before the hurricane. I kinda need school not to happen on Monday" 
so Harper is blaming Del Mar racing another meet for the summer meet's struggle.  Never change California racing. 
@user Any search seems to give details back today. You may have confused an article with the Porto model. 
Israel warns Brazil faces diplomatic downgrade unless it accepts settler in occupied west bank as ambassador  
Sure but you still clogging on Donald Trump's shrolong ding dong Monday's through Thursday's so relax  
@user Honestly- do you actually remember a @user update that DIDN'T make things worse? Well, the upcoming google+ decouple may count. 
"...Its the representation of Black People and Muslims that i am concerned about, they are conveyed as 2nd rate... 
Iran was the biggest supporter of terrorist until obama pushed them out of 1st place! 
David Price gets first loss with Blue Jays despite fine effort Monday 
@user @user First Putin, then China, now Iran, if this was a 3rd world dictator it would be understandable, but the SNP?" 
@user so jealous! I would prefer the heat rather than the cold here in stinky NZ! Lol did william tell you we ain’t going Sa in jan? 
When you have 3 1/2 tests tomorrow and a lab to do but your iPad is dead so you can't do shit :):):):):):) 
The ending to The Grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie I’ve ever seen 
"DAMN, Someone saved HOLDER from the Earthquake! technically dont know why w/Biden out & Obama always out Boehner is 3rd in line!" 
Without Carl Nicks, Bucs to shuffle O-line: Some major news out of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Tuesday afternoon... 
"""""@Dula2fr3sh next saturday i should be back in the city."""" Oh shit.. well yea he’ll still be here. u get the room w/ the 74’’ HD Tv lol" 
I kicked off Type 1 Diabetes Awareness Day with a high blood sugar thanks to too many chocolates last night. Well, there’s always tomorrow. 
My nephew is moving to Florida tomorrow and he won’t even say bye to me. WHAT AN ASSHOLE. 
"Would never vote for Kane for president, mostly with Kim Kardashian as his wife. No way in hell is she going to be the 1st lady" 
This is awful. First the Charlie Hebdo shootings back in January now all of this that's happening tonight. 
Why do I feel like National Hot Dog Day is the April Fools of food holidays? #wefullydontundertandhowhashtagswork 
All my thoughts and prayers go out to Sergei Bubka Jr. who fell from the 3rd-floor-apartment in Paris. 
Went to dunkin yesterday evening to get a pumpkin spice coffee and they said they ran out and won't have it back until Friday. 
"i HATE stupid 7th graders who think saying ""that's gay"" makes them cool  imma throw your phone on the freeway little shit" 
Sanctions timed so that Iran will hardly profit from oil-sales- they may kill of the arabs tho- Far better than money 
Carson Smith notched his 4th blown save after giving up two runs in the ninth against the White Sox.  This may have a bad ending. #Mariners 
Eamonn Holmes has dropped the biggest hint yet that he's going into the Celebrity Big Brother house on Thursday.... 
"Because you know that no matter how shitty you feel on a Tuesday morning, Maite feels shittier." 
Ghost Rider 2’s a bad movie compared to the 1st. 
Anyone else remember the 155 yards Arian Foster had against the Steelers defense the last time they faced?  I've a bad feeling about Monday. 
"i want it to be Tuesday to i can watch Styled To Rock. actually, while i'm watching it, TA will be playing. that's awfully depressing." 
I may or may not have been watching Gilmore Girls for the past 3 hours. I may also have burnt all the water out of my pot of carrots. #ooops 
"Dana White is gonna use Sean Shelby and Joe Silva as the scapegoats tomorrow, if not tonight." 
Just walked by Florida’s practice field. They were blaring Mizzou’s fight song. I’m guessing so players will hate it by Saturday? 
Go figure on Miss USA is talking about bi racial and 1st time immigrants sad how the owner missed up the girls this yr. 
@user Big Ben had the best rookie year out of all those quarterbacks and when he one his 2nd Super Bowl had a terrible line 
"Strong revenue growth at Tudou, but the company keeps on bleeding heavily - 
"Taylor Swift's song ""Bad Blood"" may be the most annoying song that's currently playing on the radio #TooRepetitive" 
Donald Trump for president...  Because if the GOP was going to be the butt of jokes anyway, they may as well embrace the roll. 
I hate having to keep up with so many websites and social media sites for work. Each brand has their own Google+ page like c'mon dude! LOL 
My sushi coworkers are apparently all going to LA on the 24th and I'm somehow stuck covering for all of them. What about my Star Wars day? 
"Tomorrow morning my bike community, KGB, will exercise #RoadBiking on Sudirman Road but I'm not going because I have to go to Church" 
Kris Bryant left today's game in the 5th after head first slide into 2nd. Yikes. 
A reminder from April as to why the majority of illegal migrants are followers of the barbaric cult of Islam.... 
@user it won’t work for me because iPod but whatever I’m honestly way too tired to care I’ll find it on tumblr tomorrow 
"DUBAI, Dec 14 (Reuters) - Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates were killed along with two Saudi" 
Kinda want to go to Anatomy tomorrow but I don’t at the same time. 
Morning all! Waking up at 1.30 to gamble may not have been the best idea. Knocked my sleep. This hour is fit for milkmen & perverts only 
Valor is official screwed tomorrow.. Audis and BMWs aren’t good in the snow.... #ValorProblems #richkidproblems #letsgetoursecondcarsout 
@user I was like Shy Glizzy bouta be up at DC Star Saturday and he said Nigga no im not 
@user I hear it may only be 15. Rick Perry is having trouble finding a ride to the venue. 
Nikki Walker will miss Rugby World Cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v Italy. Details on www.scotlandrugbyteam.org. 
Danny Drinkwater is just a plant from Michelle Obama to force healthy dietary choices on Saturday morning soccer watchers. #tcot 
How ever many girls I see tomorrow at grassroots wearing that nirvana shirt with the X eyes is how many times I'm shooting myself 
I can get my paperwork figured out at work but Man United and Real Madrid can't get it together....c'mon man. 
@user I will make Dua and Keep you all in my Mind. May Allah have Mercy on all Mujahidin and Muslims and destroy Kuffar AMIN!!! 
Miley has no tits &amp; ass but Kim and Nicki may have the same botox injection expert and Kim ain't got shit to lose. 
And the new season opener is against the Dallas Stars on Thursday, Oct 25. You probably shouldn’t buy tickets yet. Call me cynical. 
".@KristinFisher @user @user @user @user Carly Fiorina, winning the Presidency as the 1st Woman President is a DEM. NIGHTMARE." 
Scott Walker may just be an idiot 
Saturday without Leeds United is like Sunday without a Sunday dinner it doesn't feel normal at all (Ryan) 
22 Nov 1971- IRA man Michael Crosse was killed by a premature bomb blast at the Cellar Lounge in Lurgan; 9 injured 
"I may not know what I'm doing with my life right now, but I do know what songs I'd choose if I had to lip sync battle Jimmy Fallon." 
Local concert promoters C3 Presents may be sold. Could this be the last truly AUSTIN City Limits Festival? 
@user let's go easy on the pigs. I just can't stand the sight of Harper. It's the 21st century...can't we teach robots to love? 
Justin Bieber - What Do You Mean? You don't just have 1st on the billboards but 2nd &amp; third. Over there 
@user Take a look at @user Tweet:  Hindus should not use RIP.  U can use it for Michael Jackson 
Thursday’s just won’t be the same without Waterloo Road 
Omigod! If the world ends on December 21 I'm going to be so disappointed because my life sucks and I have school that day! 
@user Holly wants to fight before July; Dana White says ""no""...so can White prevent Holly from earning until he says ""okay""?" 
They stop filming ’The Butler’ tomorrow. AND I STILL HAVEN’T FOUND ALAN RICKMAN!!!!   -explanation- he’s been filming that movie here in La 
"If v leave Yakub today, tomorrow again he ll kill 257 innocent people. What kind of justice,is it?#YakubDebate" 
It seem like it’s NATIONAL KISSING DAY every other THURSDAY! Who tf made that shit up??! 
This is why the Red Sox are last place in the division. Poor defence in this 10th inning @user 
@user Was this media mafia behind the fact that Yakub got front page coverage when Lt respected Kalam was on 3rd or even 5th page 
Seeing videoclips back from the Rammstein concert in March.. now I feel sad. :( 
@user Give Tom Brady the #crybabY and his New England Patriots their 1st loss of the season 
Weird music mood today . Lots of Hank Williams and Johnny Cash running through the iphone. 
@user XD my brain may be a little wounded from translating google translate. or a lack of nourishment... one or the other 8D 
Someone must not be too happy with the hired help in Sewickley: Sidney Crosby's image removed from #pens mobile app cover on Thursday. #nhl 
@user vampires dont sparkle.... look at.. that Moebius guy from new york ( i havnt watched spiderman for a while....) he hates the sun 
Fierce fighting erupts between Chadian army and Boko Haram: Heavy fighting pitted the Chadian army on Monday a... 
@user @user sadly I don't have a PS4 so may as well keep giving away the games 
"Too bad David Wright wasn't available to PH instead of having d'Arnaud PH for the 1st time. Wait, he WAS available? #mets" 
Steal by Chalmers, on the break away and is fouled by Garnett. That is his 3rd foul of this game. #Celtics #299COMM 
@user Hartzel and I are planning to watch Ant-Man tomorrow at SM Pala-pala but the problem is that it's only available in 3D 
"gov. john Kasich has a problem, he is starting LATE in a 15 man field with the first debate coming up on the 6th of aug. he must debate" 
Josh Hamilton comes up as a pinch-hitter for Texas in the 7th and gets booed and then booed and then booed some more. 
soo flylo x the weeknd x kaskade x Paul McCartney all at the same time tomorrow is still pretty fucked up 
I hate Mikey and Vanessa . I hope tomorrow at the movies they run out of tickets and they have to walk all the way back home . 
Wanted to be kris Jenner tomorrow but didn't want to pay $20 for a wig so no outfit basically 
Damn AMC not showing ticket times for Paper Towns on the 14th. They show them for the 13th but not the 14th! 
@user let me rephrase the 3rd reason Fandom stuff.  if Naruto is the only anime you've seen then nope. 
This is the worst year possible to be obsessed with someone and want to be at every single one of their concerts, I have GCSE’s and SAT’s!:( 
@user this is like the 10th time they've posted this.  Why not put better artists on there, Kendrick Lamar  
I wish Nicki would have flew across the stage and slapped that hoe !  
This may be the sickest movie ever.. Black Forest now Fairies? #Wow  #IWantOne 
Kendrick always new content u don't know what to expect... Cole talk the same Shiit from 1st project on every one 
Idk it's whatever. But if somebody went to a Shawn concert and got 4th row while I was stuck in the back and didn't know his name id be mad 
@user u may b on Forbes but ur dumbass will go bankrupt eventually. Rousey is smart with her money unlike ur dumdass 
"worst player in 1st half for Liverpool:Kelly, Johnson, Gerrard, Suarez, Shelvey. don't show tht you're wise, im Liverpudlian, let's say fact" 
Win #3 for Bowyer. And for the 3rd time can't drive it to Victory Lane #NASCAR 
"Martin stupid """"1st notice, 2nd notice, a don’t let me catch your ass in the street notice""""" 
If I didn't have training tomorrow id be sick and at the Jason Aldean concert #maybenexttime 
What I'm getting from Miss USA is that you can not answer a question at all and still get 3rd 
@user It was at the bus station all lonely I was sad af BUT Draven n I were at Disneyland on Friday waiting for the concert lol 
I'd say this makes me think of Sarah Palin's "I can see Russia" moment, but that's basically the whole GOP. 
The Vamps tickets are on sale tomorrow and I'm not going to get tickets. #theperksofworkingatthevenue 
"Why is everyone tweeting about Northglenn and the game tomorrow. Niggas, IDGAF! I graduated! Fuck that school and all the fags that go there" 
"#Mercedes' Niki Lauda also dismisses the report telling Spanish media: """"The agreement (between Alonso and McLaren) was signed last Thursday""""" 
If Donald Trump becomes President? I will leave the country. I'll come back but may visit a few foreign places while Americans still can. 
Consult a Dr. If you will watch the 2nd half of Swansea vs ManUtd over Roma vs Juventus match @ 7:00 
If I don't get an A or B on the bio final on Monday ima cry myself to a dark room and watch twilight 
@user I'm thinking back to the Paris Queen concert in January just after the Charlie Hebdo attack. Jesus. 
School on Monday is going to be so weird. 
LMFAOASDFGHJKLOMG. i just saw a picture of Jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade.. damn that nigga changed. 
Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter for fatal crash: The accident occurred whe... #cadillac #escalade 
"Sure let's blame Amber Vinson for the Ebola scare, because the 1st dr to come &amp; be treated is 2 much like right." 
Ayyye I just purchased my Ed Sheeran tickets for tmrw but I may not even go 
If you really think Rousey can be Mayweather I cannot take you serious at all.... This is a MAN fighting a WOMAN c'mon now 
@user @user I wonder why Mr. Rahul Gandhi made this mistake. I could understand he may write Italy or Russia ! But ""British"" shocks" 
War-mongering #AhmadChalabi Bit the Dust   but Tony Blair roams the earth stirring Trouble like there`s no Tomorrow 
Vitali Klitschko stopped Manuel Charr in the fourth round to retain his WBC world heavyweight title Saturday night.  #eotpro 
@user the way MSM and leftists are crying for Yakub, ppl may mistake him as some son-of-soil patriot sacrificing himself for nation" 
@user @user @user kirk is true that your a twisted sexuall killer from the 4th dimension? 
From Boko Haram to the Black Sash - The Numbers Issue of Monday Monthly is out. 
"France is Israel's largest source of aliyah for 2nd straight year: For the second consecutive year, France is ...  
Bobby Jindal Misses Cut for 1st Prime-Time Presidential Debate: Indian-American presidential hopeful Bobby Jindal could not make it t... 
"Persons who are favoring Yakub Menen, may be HAPPY on Gurdaspur Attack. Those persons should also be hanged till death along with Yakub." 
"And that's excluding all the spin-offs. Terra Nova wasn't great, but I'd rather watch a 2nd season of that than more fraggin' Kardashians." 
I think it's weird when fans find celebrities' families on social media. You have no reason to like Niall's nephew's 1st day of school pic. 
"Never do business alone again! Learn how with Women Entrepreneurs of Oregon at Madison's Grill on Tues, Nov 13 
@user lmao, from a garage in Boro. My mate went in for drink on Sunday night but they wouldn’t serve him because it was too late, so 
during 7th sense audio launch Ramcharan said it is our bad luck that  a director like ARM didn't born in AP!and it created a riot among TFI! 
Trey Burke suspended for the men's basketball team's exhibition game tomorrow: 
i haven’t worn Makeup since Ash Wed. ;o <3 i don’t like it anymore . 
"Oh.. I'm sorry, Matt Adams took MadBum deep in the 4th to make it 3-2 Cards? Please tell me again he's better than Kershaw. #dafuckouttahere" 
The Weeknd is releasing on the 28th but I can't even be excited because Frank Ocean ruined the whole getting excited for an album thing. 
My gods, Sarah Palin is genuinely crazy, isn't she...  
@user an Egyptian source which only says it's considered false. There have been videos also perpetuating Friday's Eid as wrong. 
Anna Kendrick may be the only thing that saves this asshole of a movie. 
"If the NFL wants better Thursday games, they'll need to get QBs other than Christian Ponder and Ryan Fitzpatrick playing #ugly #blowout" 
If Jacob tweets one more time tonight I’m beating his ass in school tomorrow #DontBeThatGuy 
"I don't even understand how Sharknado is even a thing, let alone having a 3rd movie. The SE suck, the acting sucks, and it's so dumb I laugh" 
My biggest concern is Bellusci may well get a coxis injury with that celebration.  #Coxis #Concern 
today's goanna be one looooong ass day because Calibraska comes out tomorrow 
"Hearing Kendrick on ""Black Friday"" def made me miss the GKMC Kendrick again." 
"Syria,Homs,Baba Amr under the fire heavy bombing by Al asad and his thugs 22 feb 2012 
are yall really mad that he's paying $200 to fix a broken iPad, don't yall have bigger problems to deal with  
@user Should we not be trying to talk to IS? If we hadn't sat down with the IRA, we would still be losing lives in NI." 
Bloody Sunday was the IRA's biggest recruitment driver during The Troubles. Bombing Syria is bound to have the same effect I'd have thought 
I’m going to the Duke game on Saturday. Haha. DUKE. What’a joke they are. 
"Millions aren't terrorist sympathisers. Some who are ""friends"" of Hamas and the IRA may well be. 
"Teddy Bridgewater is the 3rd most shown QB during games, but my guess is this largely influenced by the TNF horror with Christian Ponder." 
brooke and I sat in Christians driveway today for 10 minutes and he wasn't even home :( 
The U16s game with shotton has been called off due to a waterlogged pitch, so they’re now going to llani on wednesday night. Sorry lads! 
@user right?! That man is a U.S. Senator who sounds likes the most annoying kid in 8th grade home room. 
"Ballet West reality show raked in a million viewers, may be canceled: In the wake of the success of films such a... 
Juventus had two men sent off as their dismal start to defending their Serie A title continued with defeat at Roma on Sunday. 
@user btw how much money you charged from ""eminent people"" to make Yakub's headline a prominent one ??? 
@user U turn/hypocrisy whatever #AAPtards may say  Modi govt close to getting what we want from the Swiss . 
"UN Mediator doesn't place blame in Negev battle but charges Israel with ""obstruction of truce"" in refusing access to observers [27 Dec 48]" 
@user can not let be a let down game Sunday with Houston and San Fran coming up. Gotta focus on beating Tennessee. #JayisourQB 
Stamkos doesn't deserve more $$$ than Toews or Kane...no #Stanley cups...he may get big $$$...but he won't sign with #MapleLeafs...#nocup 
@user the phone will be too tall and bulky and annoying to tolerate use. @user may lose it like @user has 
@user japan fukaoka tix will be released on 24 nov. Im doubtful that we can get the tix coz the VIPs will have priority. 
I’m at a sweet 17th party now, n saw someone that looks like Song Joongki. Omo! Too bad, he’s younger than me, ahahah. 
"I can't wait to watch it this august""@BOOOMBGUY: Everything about Caitlyn jenner irritates me.. When I see the ad of her reality tv show.." 
"I don't understand the narrative that Thor owned the game because of that first pitch. The Royals got to him in the 1st &amp;  2nd, right?" 
I want to see U2 in November but I don't want to have to listen to their shit new songs. 
@user Ive got a Maths exam tomorrow. Can you wish me a luck? No? Okay thanks. I wont pass this exam.4 
"Honey Badger don’t know the 4th Amendment, ""After Mathieu, 20, gave the police his consent to search the apartment...""" 
Damn.... Miley Cyrus needs to watch it that bitch is gonna get sat on and crushed by Nicki. 
 Visit to #Iran by five Euro MPs was called off Sat after Tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist 
Kevin Rudd talks about PM betrayal - Updated: 19:00, Sunday Oct 28, 2012 Senior Labor MPs are again batting divided ... 
Bitch idgaf if you don't want to go to school tomorrow John Cena lost 
I love the Niners. This sandy thing was a bust. Now I have to work tomorrow. #bummer 
@user yes they seem to be in quite a mess at BCFC hope you beat Spurs tomorrow 
Really sad that I didn't go home for the #BofA500 tomorrow. I have faith that @user will take another trip to Victory Lane #NASCAR 
Yep she's running a fever 101.7 uh oh I think she is missing school and her Girl Scouts meeting tomorrow!! 
Afghans protest against French cartoons, US film: Hundreds of Afghans on Thursday protested for the first time a... 
@user Foo Fighters were asked to play the main stage, but refused. They nearly tore the tent down! I went on Sunday." 
Let us zoom out from the fraud, and zoom into the fact that Madoff was a fucking genius. I may be alone on this one though. 
"Ask for Lil Wayne, get Michael Jackson. Bug me about Wiz Khalifa, get Guns & Roses. The point of the night is to step outside the matrix.." 
Spending the day on the phone with @user This is not how I wanted to spend my Sunday 
Who the hell am I gonna pitch tomorrow? David Price the only guy I wanna go with but he is going against us. 
Jim Rogers: Bernanke Hasn't Done Anything Right as Fed Chief ...: From the blog Breakout: On September 12 of thi... 
@user take a pic with @user on Sunday PLZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!! The gays will die and go to gay glitter heaven!!!! 
Countryside Alliance - a few people trying to control the BBC so that they can carry on abusing animals freely.  
All the kids who talk shit about Northglenn caue they graduated are the same ones going to the game tomorrow. 
@user how much more? (to be clear I hate Juventus) but this move doesn't make sense. They may offer 40 million to reach a deal so quickly 
Scott Walker: building Canada border wall is a 'legitimate issue' This RW idiot going to build one around Boston too? 
K. I'm just already done with everyone. I don't think I'll be talking to anyone tomorrow. I'm so close to havin my own Nicki moment... 
David Cameron, Theresa May - you turn you back on this - you shame us all. Bri 
"Boko Haram kills 13 in Borno: In the dead of the night on Sunday, a band of suspected members of the sect kill...  
"I think the Big Brother show has become so scripted, that it may be time to cancel it entirely. Time for something new. #BB17" 
Why the hell did Audrey from Big Brother show up on my Facebooks people you may know 
i always cry wen i listen to Avril singing Tomorrow in Dublin,i just remember everything bad happened to me :/ 
After witnessing it, I now realize I've seen Amazon Prime day every Saturday for years....we call them "garage sales" 
When Donald Trump called undocumented immigrants criminals and rapists he may have actually meant Christopher Columbus. The original. 
Don't want to go to HSPA class tomorrow so I'm not going . 
14th page in Hindu TN edition :(.  Gadkari was on first page though. Media will one day sell India for bread crumbs thown by dynasty 
John Stewart broke the 11th commandment by hitting John Cena with a chair &amp; now I want to put his ass through a Table 
I think reddit may hate Chinese people more than it hates  Muslims and women. And it hates Muslims and women A LOT. 
But Saturday Shawn was trying to say that he's single in Spanish. Who the fuck knows anymore?!?! 
Wow.  Elizabeth Pena and Jan Hooks in the same week.  So sad.  And both so young...makes you think. 
I haven't even officially started working at Dunkin yet and I already don't want to go in tomorrow lol 
New Story: Norfolk woman dies in crash: A woman from northeast Nebraska died Saturday morning when the car she w... 
Turkish nationalists warn Erdogan with colored-revolution. "If Erdogan continues with his plots &amp; traps,we may have to march to his palace." 
tomorrow i’m scheduled to put up the Xmas decorations.even on Phil holidays,i still can’t get my much needed sleep #24hrsaintenough 
Vettel makes 6th engine change so will sit out qualy as he must start from pit row. Calls the rules stupid. I'm not sure he's wrong. #F1 
If the world doesn't end with the blood moon, and Donald Trump becomes president, I may need to do something drastic. Like go into a coma. 
@user Ahhhh, I get it. You're worried Christians, Jews etc, may hinder your radical left wing agenda. #Bigot" 
Tomorrow I have Zumba but I’m not really feeling it 
You may not have seen, but the left loves their liars, cheats &amp; traitors. Hillary is their perfect candidate! 
@user @user @user he speaks badly of Real Madrid not of Spain he has every right to sat what he wants. 
@user Mulcair, Trudeau and May are all weaklings just like Harper. Mulcair must dubious and dangerous of bunch. Apologist for Isis. 
"You never forget your first love, not surprisec in Oedipus's case he saw her every Mothering Sunday." 
Kobe in the 4th is like Eli Manning. #Beware 
Gregg Williams may never find a job in the NFL again if he’s allowed back. Snitchin will make your situation worse! 
Erdogan comments on recent escalation of violence: Our public will (punish) some people for it on (elex day) Nov. 1 
Zowie! Did Hillary Clinton really call Scott Walker THIS? (May be the worst timed tweet ever) #Walker16 
Of course its true. Racists are beside themselves because Obama beat them. 1st thing they did was contact you Sellouts. TK @user 
wow, angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany (VIDEO): 
Sonic on OST is the worst place in 3rd ward! 
"Increased vetting of Obama's""Come to America""Visa card ALL we need to stop the Iran deal? GOP Won't go for it #tcot 
@user Boko Haram fighters slit the throats of 10 fishermen in Africa on Thursday; no mention from you.  Jericho OK though so happy days 
Let's see what shitty movie Netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight. 
Its always been this way. Nothing new under the sun. Bitches been gay since Cain killed Abel. Ya'll are not doing anything new... 
if i sat beside niall i would be so annoyed bc he looks like he chews his gum annoyingly loud  
@user @user that awkward moment when im going to gay pride tomorrow:/ 
Apple Watch is a FLOP as aales of the gadget have ... 
BAY HEAD, N.J./BOSTON, Nov 2 (Reuters) - The people of the Jersey Shore may feel alone in the world right now, t... 
@user agreed. But another SEC loss makes it awfully hard for the Tigers to play in the Georgia Dome on Dec. 6. Two more: lights out 
"Niall is wearing the leg brace on stage. He may be injured and from the looks of it, no jumping for tonight! :( #OTRAMontreal" 
About 400 bricks just cascaded from a building on 2nd between 42nd & 41st onto water system of Hilton Hotel / Tudor Hotel. Scary 
@user @user sadly this is affecting us too.Relief turned down,rateable value up..awaiting response about 2nd appeal from LCC" 
So Caitlyn Jenner may face man slaughter charges. He thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison 
#InternationalDirectionerDay It's obv. Directioners Day is on 23rd of July.. Directionators are just jerks! 
made a shitty Family Guy gif last night out of boredom. gonna post it on Tumblr. 
@user don't do it!  He won't respect you!  RT @user Boehner asks Obama to move speech to Thursday 
I may have threw up in my mouth and screamed a little when the trailer came on before Paper Towns 
My parents' car rendition of Bad Blood may actually kill me one day 
"Fuck man, I can't go see Shawn on the 8th and I can't go to see Jack &amp; Jack on the 9th." 
@user I’m not watch today :(, but my friday going to be just for TVD 
Having the NY Marathon on Sunday is like having a parade in Raccoon city right after the T-Virus went airborne. 
Rick Perry may by a vineyard and retire so he can whine all day. 
"Because seriously, who the **** is Chris Evans? Virtually world famous in all of England. Real stars like Sabine may save that show but..." 
Casinos in Atlantic City closed since Sunday because of Sandy. What did the pathological gamblers do ? 
Carly Fiorina is 3rd in Iowa with 10% of the vote behind Trump and Carson 23% yet @user is not going to allow her to debate. #WarOnWomen 
I feel bad for the ppl that have to take the ACT tomorrow 
Sreven Taylor will look pretty daft after the Mackems win tomorrow,i really think they will beat you.PARMO 
@user on 2nd thought, I would have 2 cute kitties and you could have my CNBC Obsessed, Oracle employed, somewhat grumpy husband, deal! 
"Remember The Sun newspaper supports this Tory government, it supported Tony Blair's government. It is an insult to us all. Vote #Corbyn :)" 
Hearts throbbing, might not make it to my 21st... #SIKE! Better watch out world, Courtney’s here & no ones stopping me. 
Not able to watch the Enrile documentary, but I’ve a sense he (yet again) won’t like tomorrow’s INQ editorial. 
If my stomach still feels funny tomorrow, I’m going to punch one, or possibly all, of the Jordan kids right in the kidneys. 
they say 3rd times the charm but this is my 3rd time in israel and today I got lost in Jaffa for 5 hours 
The world is going to end the day Kanye West is elected pres or tomorrow 
"Derrick Rose may be the worst at doing press conferences, he can't talk to save his life" 
The Knicks vs Nets game got moved all the way to the 26th damn 
Sooooo it looks like I won’t be seeing Mick Foley in February. 
@user @user it's crazy what happing in Middle East, 1st it was only just Israel nowit's spread&amp;ppl killingtheonetheylived4ages" 
I never had a good time, I sat by my bedside, with papers & poetry about Estella. 
It’s going to be a sad day in Port Charles tomorrow! @user @user #JasonMorgan #StoneCold 
What is chilling? I get more stick from Muslims than I ever do from non-Muslims - am sorry it is the truth world - as much as it may pain 
Fuck the talent show lets go to the basketball tournament on Friday at Richard bland to support kenston forest 
"If you think Chuck Norris can't rape you anytime, anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow." 
A really unimpressive 1st half of football at Wembley (then again what do you expect.) can see Kane coming on early on. #ENGvSWI #England 
"don't see why old women move away when I sat down, dw dearies I ain't on it to steal your handbag or infect you with gay" 
@user @user @user @user Goldschimdt? for leading a last place team? Harper? may not even make the playoffs lol 
Carly Fiorina seems to think that 12 year old girls shouldn't be given the HPV vaccine. She may think it's only for girls. Michael Douglas! 
"Strange Sunday Graham Richardson defending Gillard. Stating the PM did NOT plot against Rudd (as he says """"& I should know"""") #auspol" 
"Tuesday Attack by Boko Haram militants on Gamgara village, near the town of Bosso, Niger left a dozen people dead, local sources report" 
"Carly Fiorina is a sad excuse for a successful woman. she may be a former CEO, and that's great, but her politics are fucked up big time." 
"Swear to god if Sam Smith's singing the new Bond theme, I shall CRY.  Why? Just WHY would you do that?  I may be biased, but er..LANA!?!" 
@user  who was the dork asking Paul Dunne what will be your thought in the first tee tomorrow. What a stupid question that was 
@user If Escobar was hurt I would hope you would be calling for Thor's suspension. If KC throws up tomorrow, you should have no prob" 
Fast bowler James Pattinson has a buttock injury and won't play in tomorrow's third and deciding one day final against Sri Lanka.  #cricket 
Omg wtf FML. Can't sleep. College tomorrow and a presentation on the St. Patrick's Day campaign for the Guinness Storehouse..Just want SLEEP 
@user @user Interesting enough why is it Islam is the one culture/ religion 3rd wave feminism refuses to criticize? 
World View: Israel and Hezbollah May Be Close to War Again - Barack sides with Iran/Palestine .#tcot .#ccot .#tgdn 
James Franklin just have this game away. Mathematically they have to go for 4th and 32. Not enough time to punt. 
Bobby Jindal does push-ups before Republican debate: Washington, Aug 6 : Bobby Jindal may not have made the cu... 
Back to Norwich City tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn’t fit it all in on Monday... #shopping #Norwich #addicted 
My new theory... Petraeus told Romney no to Benghazi at the debate cuz he was planning to blow it up later... Can u say #OCTOBER SUPRISE? 
Why does the media keep giving this brain dead moron air time?  Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said Sunday she... 
@user in similarly shocking news, the sun is hot and the Pope is Catholic. Can't believe there is anyone who trusts this woman. 
@user @user the poor things are so jaded!  Nobody cares about gags, Madonna is going to shit on her premiere tomorrow! 
may i just say the mtv awards is shit w/o Michael Jackson 
What agitates me is the dumb things Oracle does. Change behavior of program but don't change error checking. #FAIL 
Planned parenthood, Joseph Mengele, and Adolf Hitler salute you. You've done well for the 3rd Reich. 
Costa Concordia accident: Ship’s owners say the captain may have committed errors   - Breaking News Buzz 
This may sound sad but I've gotten so used to not having David Wright play w/the #nymets that im ok if he doesn't return. 
@user we don't even have naruto tomorrow just khr, bleach, and op. the negatives outweigh the positives." 
"Beer, xbox, Undertaker: The Streak DVD. Fuck you Saturday night." 
If I'm Dustin Johnson I wouldn't care about my Sunday meltdowns going home to Paulina. #sheesh 
Well at least my Steelers didn't play tonight 
York football staff member has leaked that York's goal is to score 100 points against us and leave in 1st string for the whole game #True 
"So asad isn't enough for kill muslim that's way @user u invite USA to kill Muslims, may Allah punish you how much u deserve." 
if you don’t know who Kidrauhl is you may as well no speak to me ever again. 
Saturday kitchen the moment Chris Evans ruins chef  Jason athertons wife's birthday treat live@TheLadBible  
Hidind the scars from all the kids at the OGT's tomorrow will be hard.. *sigh* :'( 
Dunkin may be discontinuing the iced apple cider for fall and the basic bitch in me is crying.... 
Dammn yung Tracy McGrady goin to play in China really wish injuries didnt slow him down was one the best in the @user my 2nd favorite player 
Kanye West may in fact be the biggest douche bag in the history of the universe 
Slow Economic Gains in 3rd Quarter: ABJ - October 26 - Some reason for optimism surfaced during the third-quarte... 
If it's not a "Larry-sized problem," then why did he pour so much money and resources into Google+?  
Ghost Rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st, my mom Ash are looking at it and I told them the same haha. 
A whole day of Maths, I have to endure this on monday:( #killmenow 
"Brian Kelly is angry, finds a way to pull QBs head out of his hind end &amp; the #Irish march 88yds for 7" 
RT @user Wilshere didn't play for Arsenal on Saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for Newcastle. Why would there be  ... 
@user @user you can’t be serious you’re acting as if Parker just sat down for those rings. Parker makes the spurs what they r 
There are many more Catholics who DO NOT agree with Mourdock than Gingrich or others may think. 
@user the kanye in israel tweet may have been the worst tweet i've ever read in my life 
@user 'cause Lovatics r more... Lovatics may not be registered in twitter, it's normal" 
Hello, BTLs.  Every single one of you consumes BBC content even indirectly.  Stop whining. 
It's September 1st and this is what the White Sox are. It's sad to think about. 
"I'm going to a Red Sox game tomorrow and Monday, why am I sad right now?" 
@user @user may have always been ""Israel"" but no reason Zionists had to kill for it." 
@user you are right,  Yakub's mourners may be the supporters of terrorism,  they should be under scaner." 
@user o_O Well, (un)fortunately, you'll prob need at least one of those if you come to London in late Oct.!" 
It's Monday. I'm wearing a Nirvana t-shirt. I didn't want to be here. Clearly 
@user the falcons need to cut out late night college tweets and go to bed on Sat nights 
@user have no one to blame in the home opener loss - to the Pacers - Except themselves. Lots of bad shots in the 4th! #Toronto #Raptors 
So we still just gonna ignore the fact that frank ocean hasn't dropped his album and it's August 23 lmao ? 
If the world ends in December, I’mma find Justin Beiber and castrate him before I die. 
really sucks that if I didn't have school tomorrow I would've been able to see shawn tonight 
"As a huge John Cena fan, him beating Seth Rollins to win his 16th World Heavyweight Championship is just wrong. @user reconsider." 
Biggest problem with UFC is that Dana White seems to feed sheep to lions for ticket sales. It's not exactly fixed but it may as well be. 
Lets kill David Price tomorrow like we always do and maybe you all will calm the fuck down #Yankees 
"""@rwh4vt: We look like UVA. There I said it."" So sad but so very true.. November 24th is going to be a circus" 
Very disappointed to learn that the Great Yorkshire Show has been cancelled @user . Had planned to go tomorrow. 
The Sun calls reactions to the Caitlyn Jenner costume a 'fan meltdown': [Paywall] 
@user I’m still shaking my head at that decision and that the Heat & Knick are actually playing tomorrow at MSG. 
SS but they have really good music and it’s a very sad thing that Mitch Lucker died may he rest in peace #RIPMitchLucker 
Yo, if you paid $57-$77 to go see Eric Church at the State Fair...may the Lord have mercy on your souls. 
Yeah if Iran take some hostages he's a lock... SMH 
"Kendrick Lamar - alright doesn't even compete with future - March madness , so let's not even go there" 
"#noagenda Russian NGOs to lose American funding as USAID closes. (Euronews video): In July, the Russian par... #itm" 
Finally broke down and got Amazon Prime and the delivery on my 1st purchase as a member is late. @user I was expecting better. 
@user Ah woops that’s my bad they play the Knicks tomorrow 
"Tv channels,having""know all' anchors,could not make enough programs to fill 3days of Eid.They kept repeating 1st day programs. What a shame." 
Buses in the White Hart Lane & High Road N17 area may be subject to diversion & delays due to Tottenham Hotspur match 
Finally watching Twilight for the 1st time. Now I can see why I avoided it #socringeworthy #awkwardacting :S 
"If Nicki didn't have her ass, she'd be shorter when she sat down." 
I saw Cowboys and Aliens... OHMYGAWD it was so stupid. Tomorrow i'm seeing The Help which i hope is better. 
@user @user @user when Neb comes down here tomorrow I'm gonna knock the sled of his head then beat the fuck outta him with it 
"2 THINGS: Gandhi was racist, and it's friday" 
Valentine day has been cancelled..what? Why? how? you may be asking. But you see it’s simple math.. 14-2-12 =0 
Mama Jan hes been there since Common Denominator, she can’t leave. A little peiece of Kidrauhl will be gone </3 
I thought this may have been entertaining after nicki's moment but it's actually very painful 
Dear Devon Alexander, how does it feel to be the 1st person EVER to be booed at The Barclays Center? #Brooklyn 
Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charge in Malibu Crash I read it on @user #video: 
"Kanye said it best -> ""  1st they HATE you,  Then they LOVE you,  Then they HATE you again""" 
Floyd Mayweather has got to be the most disrespectful athlete. Ali is 5th on your list? Your pathetic. #disrespect #aliisthegoat 
If Amazon Prime Day is "better than Black Friday" then I'm going to sleep in!  Should have been called Amazon Garage Sale Day! 
@user <U>Wake Up Fox, not going there>W Bush years, Dennis Kucinich speaks @ DNC on Aug. 26, '08 WAKE UP AMERICA  
*6th grader voice* Go to Google and look up meatspin but make sure ur mom isn't looking 
may Allah curse  these Muslims drag queen in the same way. That Allah punished the people of Lut Ameen 
I bought an ecig through the sun paper yet not allowed to use it while watching football at Newcastle Utd 
"Amnesty for IRA murderers, some with dubious pasts are in govt in NI, free from prosecution, but today ex-para is arrested re: Bloody Sunday" 
My God if they say another word about how 'disgraceful' gay marriage is they may just get a slap round the face 
This very well may be the first season of Big Brother ever that I don't finish. And I've watched since season one #bb17 
@user 2nd half couldn't cope. they kept coming at us, Shalke crossed, Vermalen turned it in..we were playing so well till just b4 HT" 
Kim Kardashian on the cover of Rolling Stone? It's the death of rock'n'roll ... - The Guardian 
"Not sure if I want to go to Eng v Holland game on wed, only got tickets coz of Arsenal players, might not feature now :-(" 
Whoever is sat next to me tomorrow beware. If we score you may get raped like when Tim Howard scored. 
Off to Scotland today for the week so I'll miss the wankfest at Wembley. Utd 2-1. 
@user yeh looked sick, ahhh that’s probably a no :( wont’t get back from Soundwave fest in Croatia til the 25th! 
@user U have only issue with Hindu festival, why u don't speak about EID celebration , xmas &amp; every Friday when lac gather 1/n" 
"Having so much doing linear algebra this Friday night #not #bored #yawn #math #mathhomework #linearlagebra 
"Just gonna say it: The lyrics in ""Bad Blood"" sound like they were written by a 7th grader. ""Done"" doesn't have two syllables, Taylor." 
"Nicki is always feuding with somebody. Lil Kim, Mariah Carey, Iggy Azalea, Taylor Swift, now Miley Cyrus... I like her but c'mon" 
"Late on Monday, the Obama administration filed a so-called statement of interest at the court in support of Planned Parenthood. " 
I know I'm an asshole for what I'm about to say but I truly feel this way. I HOPE TOM BRADY HAS A SEASON ENDING INURY WITHIN THE 1ST 4 GAMES 
#NBA The Brooklyn Nets opener vs. the New York Knicks is postponed. It was originally scheduled for Thursday evening. 
omg jonghyun is following his hyung by giving me 2nd hand embarrassment feels. XD what are you cnblue dorks. 
This girl said The Challenge has been filled on 21 CONTINENTS. Clearly you don’t have to pass the 5th grade to be on the Real World. 
Just tried to mix Nirvana with bass music and it sounded so bad I may have to retire. 
@user """"and I waslike OMIGOD! FIRE! And then I waslike OMIGOD? You know? FIRE? And I was likeAH MAY ZING you know..hang on? texting""""" 
"You've just flushed your life down the toilet, Taker. This Sunday, Brock Lesnar will fucking kill you!" 
Asif I just got sacked by Everton for coming 6th reaching FA cup final and winning the Europa league #Mad 
Rumours about Arsenal's January transfer targets are already being circulated by the 'news' media. A week off from transfers would be nice. 
Caitlyn Jenner is accused of manslaughter in a crash during the Bruce era. Police may call it off after trouble locating a Bruce Jenner. 
Also since I'm watching Aaron Samuels on dancing w/ the stars I'm just disappointed that I didn't give October 3rd proper justice #MeanGirls 
This is a Christian website and it says Ash Wednesday. For CATHOLICS those who celebrate these days arent Christians lol you Roman Catholic 
Roger Goodell do your job. Tom Brady is suspended 1st 4 games. Patriots forfeit any of those games he plays. #thatisall #bermanhasnopower 
Nothing to do with importing Muslims &amp; Mexicans or dumbing down kids by liberals. Move on.  
I missed the Barcelona game yesterday. 
WSJ: Microsoft testing homegrown handset designs with suppliers, may not see mass pro:   Until very recently, Mi... 
Rock legend Neil Young rightly attacking evil Monsanto @user @user So now he's banned from the BBC 
Monday before I leave Singapore, I am going to post something that might be offensive. 
got science PSSA's tomorrow. what's the point of retaking them when i did all the study island remediation already? school sucks man. 
Chris Evans just said excactly what I was thinking about Saturday Kitchen 'I don't care about this show anymore' 
@user #Jets get Big Ben off the field on 3rd down I’m convinced we win. Everything changes. I’m depressed now @user @user 
"RT @user Hello there, I here that the stinking working class,were rioting in London last night, do you see why I'm in Italy, blo ..." 
watched 2 minutes of TFI Friday last night. an utter embarrassment. was cringing so hard. chris evans - gie it up 
ANY black american that supports what Israel is doing to the palestinian people may as well go take a big old shit on MLKs grave 
I can’t forgive Farrackhan for the Malcolm X thing. And ninjas ain’t done sht since the million ninjas march...name one thing.where the$ 
@user Mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom. Bigger issue is pepper-spraying people who want to march on Republic Day 
@user The first and the Last crap on this planet right is you Seth Rollins and on Sunday WWE Universe will get rid of this ""CRAP""." 
"Microsoft wasted my whole day today... But now I'm on Win 7 SP1 v69sq with rockets on it. MAKE IT SIMPLE MICROSOFT!  Also, I'm buying a Mac." 
"""""Obma fails 2unite us, he divides us by sex, color,party,age, wealth Nevada’s 1st Latino governor votes early for Romney, predicts GOP win""""" 
@user @user LOL - 1st off it'd be wah-zee. Israeli start up - dev in '08...sold to Google maps in '12 for $1.1Bil. #SoNotFair 
-Tosses empty beer bottle through the sun roof of a parked Lexus and continues on my way- 
I will sleep in Zachary’s truck until Wednesday, but I’ll be damned if my cellphone dies because the power is out. 
@user in regards to the masses of refugees this is crazy. Also when Muslims may take Greece. Real world worst case scenarios are... 
Does anybody in Pittsburgh want a ticket to see the Foo Fighters on Tuesday at 7? It pains me to miss the show but... 
"Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter: When you are involved in a motor vehicle accident, you suffer... 
Joe Biden on economy: 'Something is wrong': Vice President Joe Biden warned on Monday that "something is wrong" with the American eco... 
John Cena got screwed! 1st the ref got knocked out then John Stewart comes out with a chair. Disgrace! #TitleForTitle #Cenation #SummerSlam 
@user @user It's the 2nd time. He blocked me from his 2nd temp account regarding Caitlyn Jenner. 
"If a Genie gave me 3  wishes, my 1st would be to send all the rabid Jew-hating Zionist conspiracy kooks to ISIS wearing ""ISLAM SUCKS"" signs" 
Rahul Gandhi talking about politics and policies is like studying for CAT from a 2nd grade teacher. @user  #FakeIntolerance 
Spring pictures tomorrow = drama drama drama.... Can't wait til morning." 
My suicide note would be the picture of Mark Martin that I kept in my wallet in 7th grade. 
I told my dad I may vote for Bernie Sanders this election &amp; he's literally giving me the silent treatment LOL HEADASS #butthurtaf 
The most conclusive argument against the bleeding hearts and why logic doesn't hold for them in Yakub's hanging. 
Arian Foster / Arian Foster was limited in Thursday's practice with a groin #NFL #HOU 
Jeb Bush pretending he's a co front runner but he's in 4th place and Carly Fioriana bragging how she's in 2nd place in 2 states. Losers. 
Donald Trump is speaking here tomorrow so a bunch of GW students are going to protest and I'm totally going who has sign/rhyme ideas 
So June 9th is the day. This is gonna be worse the the Galaxy Foams 
so mad I have school this week... if I didn't I would be in NYC because Shawn has a show tomorrow and the jacks have one the day after 
"Kanye West, 4th member of the new day. Kan-ye sucks." 
@user @user @user that's why Pierrie and Zayn are so pale. They haven't been seeing the sun bc they've been so shady 
I was sat with my auntie who has seen Michael Jackson live &amp; I had to watch a shitty Bruno Mars tribute try to sing Billie Jean 
Murray a set down and 3-0 down in the 2nd set and bookies are laying Murray at Evens? Ridiculous 
@user Plus I may have hurt the feelings of Jurassic World's director! 
The growth of gerontocracy: George Osborne's assault on the young. @user  
@user this may be the stupidest season of Big Brother yet.  Everyone can see what's going to happen! No one has balls! #makeamove 
Will the PM stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people?: Rahul Gandhi 
"Cyber-squatter accuses Carly Fiorina of wishing she'd laid off 30,000 employees more quickly | PolitiFact 
Line of the day: "Rick Perry has the mental aptitude of two dogs in an overcoat" 
@user if you think Harry Potter is better ur not gunna survive as an adult lol honestly though when I went to Logan 3rd was the best 
"Man,I want to go fuxs with the homies @user @user @user tonite for MNF @ the #Horn but I can't:(" 
@user No, just no. This is after the Charlie Hebdo massacre... In January.        
@user sure. Even Kendrick lost it towards the end of his Black Friday freestyle ( and this isn't me hating). 
@user @user @user  Plus, it's Michelle Obama trying to pick what foods we can eat.  I may have read that wrong, though. 
And also, haven’t been able to check and CBA updates since Sunday. If anyone hears any news, please pass it along to me. Thanks! 
Obama's agenda was 2 destroy American Exceptionalism &amp; Kerry is just dumb. What language does Iran speak? We may need 2 learn it #tcot #ccot 
@user it's gonna be a lot of walking, running, and jumping on the tops of sticks.. may just want to get a gun and learn JiuJitsu" 
"Boko Haram member Mahamat Moustapha, a Nigerian, alleged to have been the mastermind of the June suicide attack in... 
We should start Ox on Saturday imo, he will terrorise Evra just like he did last season. 
Gay dominican man fucks pussy for the 1st time 
"I'm pisseeedddd that I missed Kid Cudi's show in Dallas, it was trending worldwide that night, &all Im hearing is positive reviews of lolla" 
Sitting at home on a Saturday night doing absolutely nothing... Guess I’ll just watch Greys Anatomy all night. #lonerproblems #greysanatomy 
@user @user an Erdogan hater wouldn't be an AKP voter in the 1st place. Especially when Erdogan is out of the party now. 
@user What makes me almost as angry as #legitimaterape is that I may vote for @user even though she supported PIPA. Lesser evil... 
June 7-8 Red Sox at Giants. Who's down to go and boo from the 3rd baseline? 
"I am really missing Hockey on Sat Nights, really board with nothing on TV end this strike soon PLEASE NHL!!! #NHL" 
@user I can’t even try now cuz it closed at 10pm.. Funny though Maria said u guys may go away that week? I had asked if she wanted to go 
"US State Department is the last to have Eid, were they locked in a basement and couldnt see the Moon? 
Thanks Sky for screwing up another home game by putting it on the Monday of Toy Fair for 2nd year running. Didn’t want to see Everton anyway 
The biggest victory for the IRA was Bloody Sunday. Membership surged. Bombing Syria will only do the same. Membership of ISIS will rocket. 
@user went to get vip for February 11th show and you're sold out my heart is broken I can't meet you with my big brother 
@user actually now they're all denying they ever believed the sun when it came to Zayn.....not even they can keep up with their BS 
@user can’t open the link, is it ferry Corsten in December? 
"The ""Sneak peek"" of The Hunger Games last night on the VMA's was ridiculous! I am soo mad I watched E4w4FL" 
"Even if he wasn't a wrestler, I figure Dean Ambrose would still be drunkenly fighting someone every Monday night." 
got the 2nd season of Downton Abbey from the library...so ashamed about the girly side of me coming out, had to schedule a new tattoo 
This time tomorrow, @user and I will be well on our way to Starkville for a sick weekend...the USM game is going to be atrocious. 
I would be surprised if Tha Carter IV was anything greater than shit...hope I'm proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo 
"Dang, Forrest didn't get it done. :/ He was our last American hope tonight, oh well... Now for the main event Anderson Silva vs Yushin Okami" 
@user 1/2 white? does’nt matter;Malcolm X may hv been as well.Still no specifics.U ppl don’t hv ideas except make bombs killem all 
Ok Dongwoo’s fansite is not accepting new members right now...need to register on the 11th 
@user just driving past Groves. Scoreboard says 22-15, Seaholm... May not be accurate-I'm not at the game." 
Watching the #49ers game from Sunday night and I see why Cliff Avril was throwing fits. He was getting his butt kicked all night 
@user I despise Sarah Palin. You may want her support, but she'll end up sinking you like she did McCain. Proceed cautiously. 
1st time i drove stick ever  i kinda lied to the salesman at AB Honda that i can drive standard and took the 5 speed manual for a #TestDrive 
Imagine how deprived we'd be without the Sunday morning shows sharing with us the wisdom of Sarah Palin and Dick Cheney. #p2 #topprog 
@user @user might wanna check on me if we lose tomorrow... Might pull something similar to that Kony guy in the streets 
Many Websites Going Dark Today in Protest of SOPA and PIPA - You may have noticed that some of the websites... 
Sad I won’t get to see @user on The Challenge: Battle of the Seasons tonight :( I guess I’ll have to wait until next Wednesday.. 
2nd time going to Dunkin today and there closed. Like no this is not ok 
Thursday just aren’t as exciting now Waterloo Road has stopped 
@user What's with all the day matches tomorrow on Ashe?? No Murray or Halep? Can I change my tix? #usopen 
@user re Levein discussion on Wed. Can’t keep changing boss, but he is far too negative. Brazil gone, new boss cud experiment. 
"I am still struggling in third place in the 14th and Beyonce, Lady Gaga, Fifth Harmony ?! we had to have them, that now everyone loves them?" 
"Might only play Kenny and Jason Aldean tonight djing to prepare for tomorrow. Ya I know I'm a loser for going tomorrow, I didn't buy them.." 
They're going to release info and tickets for the JaDine World Tour on Dec 25 where is the chill people I need to see 'em in Milan wtf. 
The best way to find Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 may be with Michelle Obama's arms. 
And if my day wasn't bad enough already, Snoop Dogg just cancelled his concert tomorrow night.... 
I don’t think Dwight Howard is gonna last in LA. He’s already frustrated and it’s 2nd game... Uh oh 
If Volstead went against #Braves on a Monday, he’d give up 5 runs in first, then cubs make a furious rally late to win #twostreaks 
If they play New Born tomorrow instead of SS I will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at Bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel 
@user u can imagine what may happen if they allow the enemies to enter Madinah. Plus, they broke the covenant they had with Muslims" 
I'm sorry she may be the queen but Madonna is a bitch #gogaga 
yall i got my ipod taken in 3rd period because i forgot to turn my volume down and i got a notif about army selca day 
@user you do realise that in like 50 years, us Barbz will be sat in a nursing home still wanting the RIM video :(((( 
"God Only Knows. Elton, Kylie, Chris Martin, Jools, Jamie Cullum, Brian May, etc, etc. The BBC always drag up the usual shite, don't they?" 
"""""@Peter_Owen1: Bulls season tips off Wednesday night vs Sacramento Kings. Excited is not the word."""" Frustrated is the right one..." 
@user Have a Great Tour Georgia! So sad that you won’t be in Youngstown for a 2nd year in a row & I won’t get to see you guys :( 
Turn's out Apple's snarky statement about Samsung isn't quite what the judge had in mind: 
#ENG under investigation after fielding 12 players in the 2nd half. Turns out Kane's mate joined him on the pitch 
Big Brother is actually painful. Can it please be Thursday already? 
"Really hoping tonite Lloyd Robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell ""I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!"" #Lloyd" 
You can't say Muslim and claim it's not about Islam! It's a fact for those who have a monochromatic gaze like urs 
On another note, it seems Greek PM Tsipras married Angela Merkel to Francois Hollande on Sunday #happilyeverafter 
@user Iran may regret it. But only if it happens under a GOP President after Obama and Kerry are gone. 
"this boy got some beats , gucci bag, Versace sun glasses and is taking the damn train . . Type of shit is that" 
Did anyone see Hillary's Server Boy actually plead the 5th or did his Lawyers only do this in the media? @user @user @user 
I’m gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow 
"Market meltdown on the SPX is likely a 3rd wave, nice try to stop the crash, but they cant stop it now (well dont look like it)" 
#DescribeYourPhobia running into Caitlyn Jenner in the dark... or the light... or in the midday sun... or at all. I'm scared of ghouls 
I just saw a 3rd grader talking on her I phone 6... Wtf is wrong with this world. I would be lucky to have a Nokia in 3rd grade... 
@user I used to really like Rick Perry, just has become so bitter. He may be very sad. He should try to smile 
"Tia Sharp: cause of death may never be known- well they would have known it, had they found the body when they first searched her house." 
Putin is baiting you He waits for the first week of new admin b4 he starts mayhem/chaos. 3rd  most dangerous person behind iran and potty 
@user lol this is the first time i eat pancakes since Monday. & damn you just Hurt my feelings 
"You know it cost $900 to be in Miss Teen USA? I was like """"So... you want me to pay $900 to be in a pageant that I may or may not win?""""" 
"Defund PP!"   Says Bobby Jindal, governor of the State with the 5th highest teen pregnancy rate in the nation...  Maybe no, Bobby. 
"RT @user @user I'm going to the Arsenal ladies v Everton tonight, I'm nervous already. #FAWSL" 
@user Watched last week's Jersey Shore last night, you put your own head into the wall? Seriously, CRAZY! atleast Ronnie didn't!" 
@user @user @user think U2 should stay well out of Ireland 4 a long time = talking about Bloody Sunday as been about the IRA 
"#Accused Olivia colman, Joe dempsie; Jimmy mcgovern always comes out with gold, pity I missed the 1st episode" 
Sadly another Australian Tour has come to an end going to miss Australia so much next stop Brisbane tomorrow then... 
"Obama is a ditherer. (Or you can call him a deep thinker. Both correct.) But for the love of Ebola, DO SOMETHING. 
@user I hear you this Sunday morning, &amp; will just remind you that Christians throughout history have not always followed Christ." 
Here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on Good Morning America....and Nicki Minaj is not happy but ABC has... 
"Olive Garden’s Dinner Today & Dinner Tomorrow special, for the person who thinks """"Hey, that was terrible! Wonder what it’s like microwaved?""""" 
its not that I’m a GSP fan, i just hate Nick Diaz. can’t wait for february. 
Wilt Chamberlain dropped 100 PT’s with NO THREES ! C’mon son 
@user Dead on point.  U couldn't expect to sweep with Verlander pitching...now if u get lucky tomorrow, its gravy and HUGE." 
I'm slightly bummed the Foo Fighters are playing Friday night of ACL rather than Sunday. I'm pretty much not gonna care the other 2 days. 
@user ""Yes,I did.It was a disaster.I saw Thor on the news.I was very concerned."" Tom sat next to him,placing his hand on his~" 
"Unfortunately, Magic TV will be delayed until tomorrow, due to issues with the T1 here at CFB studios. We... 
@user Sorry that we couldn’t get you in the party. The guys I was playing with refuse to play ground war. Open Lobby on Wed. 
"Caitlyn Jenner may not be ""down"" with gay marriage, but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical." 
"Mat Matters: The Hulk Hogan problem: When news broke on Friday about the racist comments by Hulk Hogan, record... 
@user @user marvi u better apologize to every Pakistani nd Muslims over ur non sense talk in 11th Hour or prepare 4 the Hell 
@user @user He has 3 years left on his deal so AFC’s resistance may be to strong. Where do you predict Espanyol will finish? 
"I'm sorry, but Randy Orton is the most plain wrestler on the roster. He does nothing for me in the main event spot. 2nd is Sheamus." 
Hmmm... it occurs to me that I haven’t received a residual check in nearly a year now. I think I should email SAG tomorrow. 
@user @user @user Actually, it was the other way round: 1st this admin literally kissed ass, then Iran demanded mills on top!" 
@user your arguments may be valid in an overarching debate on DP. Too late in the game now for Yakub. Folks shut have spoken... 
@user That's why Obama's personal records are sealed by an Executive order.  Only the guilty party take the 5th. 
Working Friday morning shift at Dunkin is actually the most stressful thing you could do. #godhelpme 
"News: Sydney, Oct 12 (ANI): Pacer James Anderson attacked an """"arrogant"""" Michael Clarke with a batsman’s pad in the dressing room afte..." 
@user Were you on SM Sta. Rosa last Sunday? I didn’t see you. :( And SM Calamba this Friday yeah? 
I've just been told for the 5th time that my case number "will be escalated" to a Level II tech by @user @user @user 
@user September 22 is a Bastard Bearded Irishmen half way to St. Patty's Day party at Mulligan's. I'm going and Erika's going 
"Jessica is not going to come back to OT9 as sad as that may be, you have to understand that." 
"Its the 8th day of august, still haven't received the Frank Ocean album." 
they were talking about the teen awards on Sunday and they mentioned ashton being sick :( 
Careless World tour hit up 8 places in Cali. Haha the fuck, yoo. 
Not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for Carly Fiorina 
still so sad I'm not going to Ed Sheeran the 25th ://// 
Andy broken to start the 3rd set; still complaining to chair ump that 5 minutes is excessive bathroom usage time. Murray's so done. #USOpen 
@user The 1520 is the first Nokia I have ever had break on me. 1st. the phone stops reading the micro sim card 
@user Biafrans died on Wednesday bomb blast at Gombe in  Zoo ( Nigeria).We want to be free from this killing everyday by the BOKO HARAM. 
Everybody better hide tomorrow. If Brock Lesnar is there he will fuck shit up again. No one is safe lol 
New TV series BBC2 1950h Sunday called 'Smug rich buggers make poorer people beg' I bet George Osborne absolutely loves it 
Tomorrow. 6 million Directioners will just cry and watch the video in silence. #LittleThings 
@user c'mon bruh, you watch Chelsea every week you aren't actually gonna tell me that Oscar works harder due to tackles are you? 
Anxious for the one next Wednesday I need to get to the bottom of this Bobbi Kristina and Nick thing 
RT @user Gavin Henson looks set to miss the Rugby World Cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday 
Problems for Newcastle Utd with new sponsor as star players may oppose Wonga's loans on religious ethical grounds 
the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto’s !!! 
@user what are you some stupid Twilight vampire? REAL ones don't go outside to tan. They sleep in complete darkness until the sun is down 
i found a video of me raging on october 3rd because she never went to Disney world 
@user oh wow! Did you just trade Elvis? I’m just saying @user may not like you! :) 
@user Why govt loosing sleep over Anna Hazare's fast. May be they don't want another Gandhi like figure. 
I'm not even a fan of box/mma but c'mon if you don't think Floyd Mayweather is a fucking joke then you're clueless 
"Claims maths came from Islam. I tell him Egypt, Greeks had it earlier for example.Tries to prove me wrong by saying: 
And on Tuesday, Harry Redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club. 
.@andrewrsorkin's dose of Carly Fiorina reality may be the most devastating one yet: 
Angela Merkel to run for 4th term....if this happens in Africa, UN, US, G7 etc will be planning to invade the country...hypocrites #africa 
dear @user the newOoffice for Mac is great and all, but no Lync update? C'mon. 
Turns out the issue we've been having w/ production is because some of our computers may not update time from Internet. 
Lack of communication from #nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow.  Thank you #uft and @user for Info 
Might not be able to get a free taco tomorrow. As Napoleon Dynamite would say, dang it! 
@user @user the IRA were founded by the united Ulster Men = you read The Sun cause you no FA about reality 
"So I sat through that for Nintendo's announcement and they didn't make one. Like, even a trailer for Twilight Princess HD would've been fine" 
I’m mad that I haven’t changed the channel. I’ve actually watched 3 episodes of Stevie TV & every time I get mad at myself for watching it! 
Huckabee claims SCOTUS made new law on SSM. No. The equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment is more than a century old. 
Buhari has shifted his campaign promise on Boko Haram. Now claims he will end BH by December instead of 2months. Nigerians have been scammed 
@user obviously we're not looking great right now, but the 'Arsenal will finish 5th' prediction is wrong every year!" 
How is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the Valley can’t? 
"Top 5 Pgs Rondo, Rose , Deron, Paul, ???....don't kno the 5th" 
@user : 1 way to lose votes is to side with a cheater like Tom Brady. 2nd way is to think its ok that #KimDavis  was arrested. 
I used to love John Cena until it started being reported that he was politicking Nikki's push. It seems obvious. 
@user @user youre in denial jfc . the babys born in February right , watch briana get a ""miscarriage"" or some shit ." 
Just remembered I'm taking the PSSAs tomorrow. #Fml 
You may not speak to justin bieber unless you are spoken to wtf are you the queen? the pope? no didn't think so 
@user @user Whites have been oppressing Muslims since the end of the 1st World War, goy :^)" 
"The day Taylor Swift and Hulk Hogan pay my bills, then I may actually give a fuck but till then." 
@user Fiona is 3rd generation IRA. Very dangerous and highly trained. Even Jimmy knew he was outmatched. Gemma was smart to be scared 
Reminder for tomorrow: make fun of Fisher for how gay his snapchat story is. Softer than a bag of milk. 
Why Muslims always fighting with Muslims....shameful history of Muslims....except prophet time to 4 Khlifah 
"Wait hw can Louis break-up w/ Briana if she's never been his gf in the 1st place. He knocked her up, yes but gf? Uhm #MTVStars One Direction" 
Why am England playing on a Thursday have they got that shit that they're in the Europa League? 
One of my favorite characters on Game Of Thrones just died I can't go to school tomorrow I'm grieving 
False start penalty, Garner moved early. Brings up 3rd and 16 from the Yale 47. 
Who are the danger men Newcastle Utd have to look out for on Sunday against West Brom ? 
7:35 pm central time on Sunday night and Tom Brady and the @user are still #cheaters 
Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge in deadly crash via @user GOOD! So selfish not above the law #jail! 
@user whoever ""they"" is many people have turned it into Kpop as a whole U may not have said anyting racist but ppl in ur fandom have" 
@user @user guys chill we dont know shit about briana we may not like the fact she's here but calling her names is rude 
@user picking  MVP in July is stupid ..wow were you marking off the days on your I luv Kris Bryant calendar to retweet this ? lol 
Hey James Franklin when I play madden and I get sacked on 3rd and have to punt I don't let the clock run down to call a timeout to punt 
@user If you watch Any Given Sunday backwards, it’s like Tim Tebow’s career. 
"Yakub funded 1993 bomb blast, so he is a criminal, but wht bhai said is hang tiger 1st who was d master mind of d blast! #SalmanStandsClear" 
Rick Perry said he was the Zar of stopping illegals sat there and glossed himself for 2 months how he could secure the border not 1 idea11 m 
"Floyd Mayweather ""the thirstiest capitalist since Daniel Plainview"" lines up another boring fight 
Everything about Brownsville is just bad and depressing. Can’t wait to go back home tomorrow. 
@user Haha! Unlike Scotland, it's bloody scorching here this morning, having my brekkie outside before heading out  - later!" 
Tearaway comes out Tuesday on PS4 and I'm finding out about it today. That's the second game out of the clear blue sky to drop on me. Fuck. 
Monsanto may be to blame for soaring suicide rates among farmers in India:  In India, the suicide r... @user 
Actually today was Yakub's birthday. I wish him many many returns of this day. May he hang in hell too.!! 
Of many single issue reasons to reject Harper. This is one. Imagine the cost of removing all that concrete. #elxn42  
"Lol, get a grip #royals fans. I can forgive the HRs, but he biffed that pitch to Thor and then fell apart in the 4th 
"yes, defeat Saudi Arabia defeat ISIS hence the key. #SaudiArabiaIsISIS 
Going to sunderland vs villa on saturday.. Dont hold the highest hopes for a good match 
"Mihajlovic had dinner with Berlusconi on Friday, Silvio told Mihajlovic that he's not happy with the way Milan started the season [Gazzetta]" 
Sorry, Harper, but for once just take the blame. Nats' blew the game.  
SimCity delayed it’s availability 
Watching Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance. It’s much worse when you may have thought. #fb 
Protest against the Mitch Daniels Purdue Presidential nomination tomorrow @ Loeb Theater 2:30 pm. Bring a friend! #SOAPurdue 
I've already DESTROYED your revision of what Tony Blair said &amp; provided a link. Tell me more about your expertise 
How to know a shit bar!.. You get your arm stamped! If u wake up tomorrow with prints on your arm your a TWAT! 
Fabio Capello (Russia’s head-coach) wishes Cristiano’s injury was more serious. (Russia will play against Portugal tomorrow in the WCQ) 
"Last night for @user Lloyd Robertson. A sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. #legendary" 
If I don’t feel A1 tomorrow I’m not going to school rs! 
"Just think some misguided girl is in the VIP tonight suckin dick & will wake up to 87,000 hits on WorldstarHipHop tomorrow  #BETHipHopAwards" 
