"QT @user In the original draft of the 7th book, Remus Lupin survived the Battle of Hogwarts. #HappyBirthdayRemusLupin" 
@user Alciato: Bee will invest 150 million in January, another 200 in the Summer and plans to bring Messi by 2017" 
@user LIT MY MUM 'Kerry the louboutins I wonder how many Willam owns!!! Look Kerry Warner Wednesday!' 
""""" SOUL TRAIN"""" OCT 27 HALLOWEEN SPECIAL ft T.dot FINEST rocking the mic...CRAZY CACTUS NIGHT CLUB ..ADV ticket $10 wt out costume $15..." 
"This is the last Sunday w/o football .....,NFL is back baby" 
Super excited for homecoming Saturday with Monroe! :D my new nephew is here but I can’t see him :( 
Creighton Volleyball leads 8-5 early in 2nd set. Match becomes even bigger with both Wichita St. & Missouri State down 0-1 at home tonight. 
This time tomorrow...we'll have the Iron on. Iron Maiden pieces Drops tomorrow nights. 
Reminder: Samsung Unveils the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge+ Tomorrow Morning! - - #tech #news... 
Yes glass of red, Rammstein and day off tomorrow (thank you @user just what I needed. 
Vampettes we are back on the 21st place keep tweeting with the hashtag #MTVStars The Vamps #MTVStarsOf2015 
Looking forward to going to Carrow Rd tonight. Last time we were there, Bale scored 2 and we were 3rd. Do not want extra time though 
Right guys, last competition of the night... Like this status for a chance to win a copy of Judas Priest’s 30th... 
We’re in the studio working on the new album and it sounds EPIC. We may as well pick up our Brit Award now, tbh. 
Sunday (tomorrow) is National Ice Cream Day and have we got a gift for you!   Join us for an ice cream sundae and... 
I may or may not buy myself the illustrated version of Harry potter for my birthday 
I wanna see STUDIO FOOTAGE SO BAD. We are about to hear some unreleased STUFF! Likeeeeeeeeee I can’t wait until Sunday. 
A @user rule change should allow Carly Fiorina to earn a spot on the main stage for the 2nd Republican debate. 
"I'm going to see Paper Towns. Saturday, 22 August 2015 at 17:40 in Leigh #Cineworld" 
@user Yepo I came in Milan it was my 1st concert and it was so good you guys did an amazing job! You are flawless live like PERFECT! 
I'm sat at work just laughing at all these Hulk Hogan tweets. Hahha ffs 
I feel like the new Janet Jackson single is bringing back 90s R&amp;B. via @user 
This Friday OUTHOUSE is playing at Still Partners in Sea Cliff ! Hop on the Expressway to Nirvana! 
"What a difference not having Sterling on the pitch makes! Welbeck dragged wide 1st half, the Ox replaces Sterling, Welbeck down middle, goal" 
"Dear lovely Christians, I wish to inform you, tomorrow we got one Mass @ 10am as we'll be submitting our parish family day collection!" 
"To Kpop fans, we song along to vocals, 2nd voices, raps, fanchants, do the instruments &amp; even perform its own choreo 
@user @user at da end of da night no girl that roll with me is on da MTA! They are above that as long as I can afford that! 
Happy Birthday Nick J May you live long and Happy :) 
I hope Bernie Sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes. 
Who else is going to the Chris brown tour this Thursday #ChrisBrown#onehellofanighttour 
Another beauty of a day in Athens, Greece. I trust you’ll have an exceptional Friday wherever in the world you are. Much love. 
"Another great night in Split, off to Hvar on the 8:30 ferry tomorrow morning... dreading the packing but excited to get there!" 
@user and im seeing Ed live this Saturday at b'ham NIA! It would be amazing to get the book signed. Thanks for putting it together 
The audio booth is ready to blow the roof off the Comcast Center tomorrow! Are you? #MDMadness 
welllll who wants to see Ed Sheeran with me on the 17th???? 
GOALdotCOM: Premier League Team of the Week: Van Persie & Aguero both star after City & Arsenal wins 
I'm seeing Ed Sheeran on Wednesday in Miami so if you wanna meet up or say hi hmu! 
Vermaelen the hero for Barca: Thomas Vermaelen was the unlikely hero as Barcelona laboured to a 1-0 home win over Malaga on Saturday ... 
"There's something about Friday Night Lights, you just get chills thinking about it ." 
"Love this vid!! 1st time I’ve seen it!--- jules explains it all - David Archuleta sings """"Nandito Ako."""" via @user 
@user @user Not just Christians, you are in the prayers of ""all of us"" humans.May you stay safe and be free soon!God bless." 
Happy birthday @user ! National Bieber Day . Now he’s 18th years, but he’s #stillkidrauhl #IndonesiaSaysHBDforJustinBieber 
Good luck to Girls Tennis as the take on South Torrance today on 1st round CIF! #GoLions2012 
Decided to watch Rick and Morty will probably watch Naruto tomorrow such a good movie hits ya right in the feels 
@user isn’t it just!  staying in and watching the lovely James Martin on Saturday kitchen. Great pumpkin soup recipe to warm u up 
Be sure to look for Nash's new video with Skylynn tomorrow #NashNewVideo love you @user 
At long last, Lexus has developed a hoverboard, the 'Slide,' to be tested in public for the first time on Wed. 
Unexpected development-- saw Ant-Man on Saturday night in London. It was surprisingly charming. I actually quite enjoyed it. 
"Tomorrow is Star Wars day! New movie! And is @user and @user birthday! Great, isn't? @user 
Sun is shining... Bob Marley on the radio... hiya Monday! 
"Hope, Love &amp; Laughter; Warmth, Prosperity &amp; Joy; A fragrant bouquet filled with life; You may Enjoy! A very happy Eid -" 
Its the 1st video without zayn and its still perf #DragMeDownMusicVideo 
"Officially going to the Kenny Chesney, Jason Aldean, Brantley Gilbert, and Cole Swindal concert on Saturday!! Excited beyond words!!" 
Join @user now for boosted 4/1 Arsenal &amp; Chelsea both to win in the #BPL tomorrow. #AFC #CFC 
Snoop Dogg is playing at the State Fair on Wednesday and I wANnA GO sOooOoO BAd 
"Six good reviews for the new Deus Ex. I'm going to pre-order it today, I've seen enough coverage to know it's going to be worth a look." 
Bob Marley playing in the lab. Happy Saturday!! 
October day 1 was good :-)  Goodnight taking the CAHSEE tomorrow . Hope i pass :) 
On the bright side tomorrow’s CHOCOLATE DAY #getexcited 
Overall...tonight reconfirmed my love for nicki and why I never went back to side bangs after 7th grade 
"Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman comes out tomorrow, I just want to call into work so I can read it all day." 
You just got to love Prince George Happy 2nd Birthday !! #princegeorge 
"Happy Birthday George, you cutie. Royals celebrate Prince George's 2nd birthday via @user 
Floyd Mayweather is heavy favourite to go 49-0 on the 12th. Bet on the fight here - #Boxing 
@user @user I'm watching the red carpet for Nicki mostly. They're gonna air the show tomorrow night so I might go to bed after 
My Friday: closet clean out, furniture rearranging, Al Green while taking a bath wrapping it all up with Downton Abbey. #lizlemon 
"Happy birthday, Hank Williams. In honor if the Hank turning 88, we'll play 88 Hank songs in a row tonite @user #honkytonk" 
Which is more interesting unveil tomorrow? $AAPL 6s, Ipad, TV or $TM new Prius? I'm going with Prius. 
Sitting 14th row for AC/DC tonight!! Let's go! 
Shawn comes to Vegas the 18th or 19th &amp; I will go to the airport to meet him 
@user I thought it was the football team at 1st until I scrolled down and saw Trey Burke. Lol 
@user   Maby cuz u are sooo good at bowling and they are now scared from u :p  They got sick from u taking the 1st place everytime 
tomorrow I am going to see Sam Smith live and it still is not real to me 
"rehearsing for Nov 6 """"@MlTTR0MNEY: just called Jim Leyland to congratulate New York Giants on their victorious baseball match #SFGChamps #p2" 
Josh Hamilton hits an RBI Double to give the Rangers a 4-2 lead in the 4th!! #Game106 
Happy 18th Birthday to my boy Kyle!!  Very proud of him!  I would definitely rate him in the top 4 of all my kids!  @user 
"Best day and weekend trips from Seoul, by season: by Elizabeth EunThere's just so much to see in Seoul, it may t... 
"December 5th could be the biggest UFC Card put together. Aldo &amp; McGregor, and Rousey as a co main event with her possibly fighting Cyborg." 
@user yep AC/DC tonight at Ford Field then on a plane Thursday to San Diego... 
What an Amazing Halloween Weekend! A lot of Great costumes! Can’t wait for the big night This Wednesday! Underworld at Cinema! 
he's 2nd for me behind Danny Elfman who does all of the Tim Burton movies. i love the whimsical music 
@user Im gr8 jdog!Wouldnt say missing the gills,missing football! The eagles didnt have a good start eh?  Have you done sun dream team?" 
Social Media Week is right now! Can you tell I’m excited? #SMWVAN I’ll be at the @user event tomorrow, see you there! 
Babe get your free trial I want to see Beyonce live and Flatbush! @user  
Great sets as well by @user and @user We do it all again Sunday at Rock Im Park. @user @user 
Dunkin tomorrow morning is@the only reason I'm getting out of bed 
Kevin said the race was like almost like a Sunday drive and he still beat Alonso and the Red Bulls lol 
when I go to digi and get a pic with myles and jack G together both kidding my cheek, I may faint ... because that's my goal 
Congratulations to 4th ranked WBO featherweight Orlando Cruz!  1st active boxer to come out of the closet. #courage 
Lol @ when Frank Ocean decides to lowkey drop his album on Spotify and say it was released June 30th  Shits fire tho 
MTV just played a music video. Heart Shaped Box by Nirvana. On a Saturday morning. That just happened! 
ENDS TOMORROW! Want to win $100 Visa + 5 copies of Paper Towns ? I just entered to win and you can too. 
This may be a fact!! RT @user Curtis painter will help the colts win their first game! U heard it here first!!! 
@user hahahahha fair play see u tomorrow we can tell the time and listen to bob marley together??? 
#RT The 3rd book in The Viking's Apprentice series has been released. Amazon users get it here #amreading 
Iron Maiden tours video game history in 1st new single in five years. The graphics and feel of the games is so good 
Caitlyn Jenner's a new member of the T community -she is working for true self acceptance let's welcome her! 
"Saturday movie reviews: ""Ant-man"" is fun &amp; light while ""Woman in Gold"" is tugs at the heart 
@user my host moms company had a gala on Monday and all of the Jonas brothers were there ;) 
If justin and shawn takes a picture tomorrow I will actually have it as my background picture till I die 
Vikings make sure you wear red tomorrow to show your Viking pride also at the game as well 
Sorry for no video on Minecraft yesterday. It literally JUST UPLOADED! That video will be up on monday and i think you will enjoy it! :) 
I really just found out that Kim Kardashian and Kanye had their 2nd baby like 10 days ago. Where the hell have I been? LMAO 
@user just saw it advertising in the telly that The Big Bang Theory starts on the 23rd of October! #yas #TBBT #newseries 
Don't forget to support your 2nd fav team tonight boys & girls :))) haha   Newcastle Utd v Bordeaux   ESPN 8pm #toon 
the fact that we are going to be Sophia grace and rosie at the studio on tuesday makes me soo happy! @user #accents #cuties 
Friday the 13th The Series is on Amazon Prime. See you all Monday 
I can't wait for Donald Trump to get elected president and then end the oath of office with "live from New York, it's Saturday Night!" 
"No more Denean, Camp Airy tomorrow to see my friends, Dashboard on Sunday with @user and lunch Saturday with @user Yessss." 
"#80s #Move Alert: Start your Friday with a Bang... no a Boom, """"Baby Boom"""" is on @user family in 5min. 
1st time to watch PBA. Best Seat on the House!! Thanx sahia! =) @ SMART Araneta Coliseum 
Thank you @user @user May God bless and keep our friends and allies in Israel.  
Followed by Friday up to Redcar to watch Sumer Stroll who if it stays dry will have a belting chance to notch another win. Ventura a danger 
Going to be heading out tomorrow to check out the Earth Festival in Davis #ImNotAHippie 
Danee better still match with me tomorrow . 
School is over and it's Friday I love life 
I went crazy when @user went on that run &amp; @user scored &amp; I was sat in the Milan end! #WhatANight  
Enjoy the 3rd day of Eid with great relish:) 
Downloading Duels for iPad now.  Finally magic on the perfect device.  I may never play MTGO again. #dotp2013 
@user ""would absolutely"" Now you are coming on MAY 14th. I love you #MTVStars The Vamps 
ALSO GOOD NEWS  i'm going to go see Ant-Man tomorrow /twerktwerk 
May or may not be getting ready to watch the very first season EVER of Big Brother. @user I'm so ready to see what Julie looks like! 
I saw Paper Towns on Friday with some friends and it was AMAZING! It might have been different from the book but I absolutely loved it!! :D 
"srsly tho, there has never ever been a pic in Kpop that made same impact on me - 1st time seeing it - as this cover 
Thursday is National Hot Dog Day! JE will be serving hot dogs to our staff &amp; raising $ for United Way of Manatee! How are you celebrating? 
So here I am, 00:30 in the morning sat looking for updates on the situation on Twitter and Madonna, material world comes on. Brilliant 
Kris Bryant with his 15th HR of this season!!! #Cubs lead 3-2. 
@user @user another center? Gagner is a good cheap 2nd line option that we can afford and keep the kids. 
Biggest game of the match. Even bigger than the 3rd set tie-break. Murray simply had to hold. Please Andy. 
in other news I'm going to Disneyland tomorrow 
We have just won our 1st match in the MYSA international girls tournament! Go girls go 
@user I know you're gonna rock the fan's tomorrow... why because you're Katy Perry #nocommet 
"Hopefully, Summersville or somewhere tomorrow with my girls. Or something. @user @user 
"Sept 8 las Vegas Hard Rock, Randall """"the KO King"""" Bailey vs Devon Alexander. 37 year old Bailey looking good in his 4 win streak." 
@user Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George hope you have a fun day x 
"Paul McCartney played four Beatles songs for the first time ever on the 4th of May. If you could hear Paul play any song, which would it be?" 
Need to run to the bookstore to pick up a copy of Go Sat a Watchman by Paul Blart. #HappyReading 
i wish i'd just gone and seen frank ocean in 7th or 8th grade bc i actually could've afforded it then :'-) 
@user what is going on young man! TEAMLTD misses seeing u on Monday's at The KEE for our 'casual' drinks. Catchup in Toronto soon 
@user First Triforce Heroes, then Twilight Princess HD, and then TLOZ Wii U for the 30th anniversary!" 
Getting off the comp early tonight- going to watch my new Elvis Presley DVD that came today. :) 
This Friday is the deadline to get your applications in for the Pride Parade!  You can email them to... 
"At the VMAs, Kanye West Enlivens A Show Built Around Old Narratives TIME-8 hours ago 
@user going to wear my Kenny Lofton '7' shirt to work tomorrow to celebrate the ballot. Psyched! #HOF #LEGEND #GOTRIBE #KENNYLOFTON 
I may not be your John Legend to give you All of Me but I will be your Ed Sheeran to love you 'till we're seventy. 
Love taking a youtube break next day HD TV will be here and Saturday will be a BEAST VID 
Is about to go see The Help!!  Can't wait for Final Destination 5 on Friday!! 
@user Is Milton Keynes going to be dry on Saturday night Alex? Big gig outdoors watching the mighty Foo Fighters #nobrollies 
My new sounds: Thank God it's Friday (Prod. By Oracle. Mastered by Stix 'n' Snarez) on #SoundCloud 
Josh's T-shirt for Star Wars day in school on Friday. 
Rank Among 1st page of Google in 2 weeks with your Website ! SEO  - Full read by eBay 
Going on me hols tomoz so a break on my Sunday routine. I'll be saving the Nirvana ep of @user til Monday at the poolside. 
Self: Tis July 16 already. So proud of you for not falling for the Amazon Prime Day sale gimmick!   Other self: D'oh! 
my friend is gonna see frank ocean tomorrow and Kanye the day after yall Imma go cry 
@user ISIS etc, yes. But don't forget that without Islam in Europe the renaissance and our own freedoms may never have happened..," 
Hey @user is you could keep it down while Mastodon plays tomorrow at Bluesfest that would be the best. Thank you for your time. 
Plant City is babysitting NYC palm trees for the winter. Crap like this cracks me up! 
Listening Bear McCreary Battlestar Galactica’ OST makes me wanna see this amazing tvshow again. One day I’ll see it for the 4th time :P #bsg 
Check out this great article about our upcoming WARRIOR FUN RUN/WALK on Oct 20 and other KPC activities in The Gazette! 
"Dustin Pedroia returns to the Red Sox lineup...out since July 22nd...""Win every game the rest of the way we're in.""...A 29 game win streak?" 
"RT @user @user wow, you're the reason why 2 topics trended worldwide today. Someone ought to be a happy little owl bunny toniiiight!" 
And with Serena's 11th ace she wins the match vs her sister Venus 
@user I fux wit yo 3rd choice but Gifted Hands (the Ben Carson story) and Alex Haley’s autobiography of Malcolm X my top 2 
Sulli is my 1st bias the one who brought me into Kpop. I will miss seeing her in F(x) &amp; I will still support her. 
&amp; then Foo Fighters Sunday ...this one is so excited he'll prob poo his pants @user 
GUYS... GUYS.... Sunday is the VMAs. I recommend you unfollow me now if you don't want tweets about Katy Perry's awesomeness in your feed. 
@user @user rad! i leave for israel thursday. i'll get it on kindle. when was warfield around? 
"Moving in tomorrow. Go Tesco near me... And all the takeaways, bars and DMU gym is like just there. No more excuses for me tho. #TeamGetFit" 
Analyst suggests this may be the last big iPhone launch - with @user via @user #AppleEvent 
@user miss ya to buddy &lt;3 what you saying Monday night ? Down for The Kee wtb #HollaAtMe 
"Ice Cube's son is hella sexy. I may only think that cuz I've always had a thing for Ice. His son is just more, like, attainable. lol" 
@user At this rate he'll be on a Nokia 3310 by November. 
DST ends this weekend.  We fall back Nov 4 at 2 am. Thanks for @user for the reminder. 
@user chillllll Lisa you're gonna go out tomorrow and be Gucci 
I love Texas A&M, but any team that drafts Tannehill before the 7th round has lost their minds. 
I may not like the dude but I respect Conor McGregor's humbleness after his win 
Celebrity Juice. Best thing on about a Thursday 
Attention, Queens. I finally found a good copy of Magic Mike XXL so I will be watching it a 3rd and 4th time with whoever hasn't seen it yet 
Happy Day After International Talk like a Pirate Day Sept 19th!!! Some great Pirate facts in the latest edition... 
Gucci plenty id secret december appear the dual thine concrete on adjuvant into advocating enlivened: cavQCieRU 
to watch Big Brother is the only reason why i wake up on a sunday 
Murray will get to watch the second half of Scotland v Germany. Get him pumped for his own battle.  
"Nashville, Hannibal, &amp; Empire, I may've named you after TV that was popular at the time of your conception, but you are still my triplets!" 
Ed Sheeran live in DFW Sat night! Want in?? Keep track of the 5 songs for DFW's Most Wanted at 8p and I'll throw you a pair of tix! -Cruz 
Rest in peace Frank Gifford. I can't think  of my youth without you on Monday nite football 
Anyone wanna see Jason Aldean with me on the today show on Friday?? Cristina won't go 
"Long live the idols may they never be your rivals, Kendrick was Jesus, Cole wrote the bible. @user 
Tryna just chill, get a lil tipsy and maybe hit up the mall friday? #downn 
Getting really anxious about this Foo Fighters concert tomorrow night haha cool :) 
Family, friends and fans make Shahrukh’s 47th birthday memorable: Mumbai, Nov 2 (ANI): As Bollywood superstar Sh... 
Oh just drinking a Westy on a Monday night listening to some Nirvana. #maternityleave 
True Blood tonight! Always the best night of the week. 
@user TY for the follow, Owain! We may have some sparring to do over footie. My house is loyal to Real Madrid. ;-)" 
Get your sweat suits! It’s November and its time to lax! Practice tonight, game at @user tomorrow. #FallBall 
#HAMILY about to help @user  tear down club nokia in october its about to be littt 
yay! Friday tomorrow going to have Korea bbq hotpot! and then reading week!!!!!!!!!!! 
@user They have alot lined up, Death Note, Naruto, Ghost in the Shell and so on. I'd blame Edge of Tomorrow, but it was actually good" 
Anyone wanna go to the Eric church concert Saturday at buckeye lakes I'll provide a ride just buy you're ticket 
"Yes, Sharknado 4 Is Happening: Sharknado 3 had barely premiered Wednesday night before the studio annou... (Time)" 
@user @user You are a Patriot! Such compassion and commitment; May God bless and keep you and Israel. 
Idk if this is or not but shoutout the lil bro Lani for scoring the first TD last Friday night (sing Katy Perry... 
Can't wait for tomorrow . . . won't have to hear about Sharknado anymore. 
"Watching Sunday’s """"Harry and Paul"""". Good it is too. Well-observed and fearsomely dry." 
C'mon babes! Let's vote on Gaga and put her again on 1st. It's missing just 2 days till the end! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Great Monday Night Raw episode tonight Stings, Ric Flair, and The Dudley Boyz all return can't wait for the next PPV #WWERaw #WWE 
"Carlo Ancelotti: """"Isco is a very important player. Tomorrow, James Rodriguez will start - he rested Wednesday." 
"I now declare today Star Wars Day, may the box office records be ever in your favor" 
Thank you Baltimore for a GREAT Holiday Heap! My best ever today! Join us tomorrow at the Creative Alliance 3134... 
Happy 2nd birthday to our little royal package. #2nd #birthday same day as Prince George x 
"Hoping the weather stays nice today, as I'm delivering cakes to offices in Derby. Look out for the cake basket! 
Rousey would make may weather tap out.She would knock the 's of that fraud and fake . She loves the sport while the clown does it for the $ 
Colts game tonight! Yay! 
I honestly think I'm still Marking Out from last night's #RAW... 1st the Dudley Boyz...  Then Ric Flair... And then Sting!! :D #WWE 
@user you are such an amazing person. THANK YOU for making me smile.  See you tomorrow at MetLife!  Please follow? xx 15,657 
"May you all have a happy Eid , love you all 
@user I'm fucking loving this I hope this drags on all day tomorrow but he will join Real Madrid 
Terra Nova: The Complete Series is out on DVD/Blu-Ray TOMORROW & @user have an exclusive clip for you to enjoy! 
Tickets selling well for Northern Lights talk with @user on Thurs 8 Nov, 6.30pm Central Library. To book 
"Tomorrow I am off to Petrolia to see """"the Waltons"""" lol and over to London for Evans side of family reunion." 
"I have tomorrow off so it's Friday to me! ""What will you do with your day off, Kev?"" Thanks for asking. I'll go see Ant-Man." 
Have tomorrow night off from work and no hw... I'ma Netflix and chill with my dog tomorrow night :-) 
"So, @user in Helsinki tonight with the #RevivalTour, and he has a birthday! Sounds like a killer combination. Too bad its Tuesday." 
"The way J-Cole and Kendrick are teasing the world for the their collab album, with Black Friday is just faaaaya!!!" 
"Join us in the AV Dept on Weds Aug 15 at 7pm to watch the free movie,""Joyful Noise"" for all ages,under age 8 needs adult.  #stdlav" 
"just sat in on an hour-long seminar by Neil deGrasse Tyson.  Thanks, college!" 
@user @user @user @user good news I bought Candy today, bringing some on tues. if it lasts 
Ready to rock out this Thursday w/ Ben Sollee and The Marshall Tucker Band at the 2012 VP Debate Festival at... 
@user So glad I got to meet you in the flesh last Friday @user for Soundboard! 
"My fav all time R&B singer, Maxwell, w/b @ the MGM Grand, Foxwoods Casino on Nov 24th!!  I'm in love!!  Lol!!!" 
@user Hey the best was when you said Obama put out his smoke on Bidens forehead on Ash Wed 
1st day of school outfit. Iron maiden shirt Black skinney jeans Black converse. I AM OFFICIALLY PUNK ROCK OKAY. 
Fifa sunday! @user PSG or Barca all the way @user 
Tomorrow is the feast of Bl. Pope John Paul II. I’ve almost finished stocking up on the necessary celebration supplies. #celebrate #Catholic 
Happy Thursday and here's a picture of David Bowie from the old Tonight Show. 
[EVENT] KPOP FUN RUN - AFTER PARTY September 5 | Quirino Grandstand Gates open at 4pm  Experience the OUTDOOR... 
Thanks to EK, car now smells DELISH!! If you bottled this, it’d be called Saturday Night Dorm Bathroom; its spokesman would be John Belushi. 
"Brady is free, Jason Aldean tonight, Busch gardens on Saturday, and brunch on Sunday! Best birthday weekend ever! #FreeBrady #TB12" 
Spur of the moment....Going to San Diego for the #NFL Game tonight!  Psyched!  #NHL Ducks Game tomorrow!   Great start to the weekend!  =) 
"Jennifer Lawrence &amp; Bradley Cooper reunite in #Serena, out on 24 Oct @user mannequins are looking the part 
It's the first Football Friday of the year. That means two things: no more previews and the march to MetLife is on! 
"Straight Outta Compton dragged a little in the 3rd act but was very good. Laughs, tears. And O'Shea Jackson Jr. WAS Ice Cube!" 
Any of my friends have ne magical powers to get me 2 tix to see Eric Church this thursday? will pay cash... need to make the wifey smile.... 
@user Better Suit Up at the Senior Bowl Friday night. 
Retweeted FOX Sports: UFC (@UFCONFOX):  CONOR MCGREGOR is your new interim champion!! TKO in the 2nd round over... 
@user  Good luck agaist Tampa Bay tonight. 
I may spend a lot of my free time riding on random elevators hoping for a chance encounter with Bill Murray... 
"Had a pretty good night. Jogging on the beach, swimming in my clothes. Popcorn and Family Guy. Excellent. :3" 
@user cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you:-) <3 
"Come join us at the Walmart """"I Love My Car"""" event this Friday and Saturday in Pico Rivera! Games and give-aways for the whole family." 
Looking forward to spending the last night at a luxurious hotel though. Hot Springs. Then we're back Friday night 
Eric church tonight and tomorrow downtown 2 nights in a row I think yes 
1st goal for Milan  this season by  Bacca . And it's his 1st goal with Milan .  #MILEMP 
"Helped a friend setup a new Moto G (3rd Gen) this weekend. It's no iPhone, but what you get for the money is amazing." 
Interesting Sunday read on the rise, fall and rebirth of Google+. 
"Cate Blanchett Sighting: New York, New York/ 8th Annual Museum of Modern Art Film Benefit, honoring the actress 
@user pokito but I missed you lol you better tell me tomorrow what went on in Mr.Mickels class(: 
@user Thanks for the S/O!  Be sure to check out our free pizza promotion tomorrow with a purchase of $25 or more! See you soon - Kyle 
@user Hey Tony saw you in the pit at Foo Fighters on Saturday, but didn't have the chance to say hi! Did you have a good evening?" 
Enjoy lunch on Sept 23 and learn how you can improve your database performance while reducing Oracle licensing costs 
I love your site..it's interesting. I was just reading a few articles. I'm tweeting, facebook, google+ the 1st one 
Just saw a van for a bat removal company that said "Batman" on the hood. Definitely made my Friday morning. 
The Book of Souls sounds like it's going to be everything we love about Iron Maiden. Can't wait for sept 4th! 
"Great Price on Salmon! Copper River Salmon is just $9.99 a pound, fillet only, Thursday 5/24 thru Monday 5/28 while supplies last." 
Sir Alex pays tribute to Becks - See what Sir Alex and others had to say about David Beckham as he receives Legend .. 
@user I made a time-lapse video of the San Diego County Fair you may enjoy! 
Paul Dunne might get Ireland out of this economic crisis if he wins tomorrow! #TheOpen2015 
Won king of the ring 2nd place and I got Randy Orton card. 
@user you wanna drink some beers and chat about Seinfeld in Bristol on Tuesday? Yeh. Sweet. 
"http://t.co/Q7Q8bJrT  who knows? may be one day, Eastern Province become an independent state !!" 
I wish the universe could see a David Bowie film/musical scripted by @user and directed by Danny Boyle. 
Holy shit was it Social Justice Sunday on tumblr or something because wow #stayingthefuckawayfromtumblrSJ 
"Accidental Google searches lead to the funniest finds! Happy Friday, folks! @user @user 
Trayce Thompson blazing his own trail with a triple. Trayce Thompson catching White Sox fever by getting thrown out betwen 3rd and home. 
@user minecraft saved me from depression, thank you.  I still have college debt and need to support my family, may I ask for a donation? Ty 
@user @user @user Silent majority: Donald Trump may be an S.O.B., but he's our S.O.B.  #Make America Great Again! 
"""""South Korea is the 7th country that have the most beautiful womans"""" AGREED." 
I want Skye to be the love of May and Thor 
Todd Bertuzzi made the best of the NHL lockout Wednesday, but while having his son join an 
Bookmark to follow our full coverage of the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus unveiling this August 13th in NYC! 
Tickets for the France, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, Norway, and Sweden TMH tour go on sale tomorrow! Good luck! :) 
We did or not I'm Happy that place and anyway congrats to all who support to Lady Gaga she got 2nd place #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
FCA is tomorrow morning at 7:30 in the PAC! We’re doing small groups! I hope to see you all there! 
Congratulations to my brother @user Now you can drive yourself to work Saturday mornings!!!! Yahoo! 
@user got me Dark Souls, boys and girls. Looks like we have tomorrow's game picked out for the stream.   You da best, Ginna!" 
Seriously waiting for tomorrows ep of True Blood tomorrow. Shits about to get real. 
Thanksgiving leftovers is the 2nd BEST part of thanksgiving .. Why wouldn't i be mad 
"I remember the days of strong women in politics, Judy LaMarsh, Flora MacDonald, today's Maude Barlow, Eliizabeth May.  not liars Hebert!" 
David Miliband is coming tomorrow! He is meeting NULC exclusively at 14:30 in Martin Luther King Room, Students’ Union. Make sure you RSVP! 
Our 1st XI went through against Liverpool 4th X1 with a 2-1 victory AET thanks to an extra time winner from Man of the Match @user 
"Marguerite the Photographer: Irish Heather, Gastown, Vancouver. Happy St. Patrick's Day everybody!!!!  (17 Mar 2012) 
@user ""wicked"" welcome to new england! Are you still in boston? Im going to mass tomorrow to my friends house" 
Tomorrow: Capturing Covent Garden with iPhone and iPad 9 September, 10:30am, Apple Store, Covent Garden. #Free 
"Carly Fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world. Next to Angela Merkel, that is. 
Who Belong In the 3rd spot for top 3 of all time. Jay-Z, Nas or Eminem? 
Wow. Marcos had no VP during Martial Law, but Enrile is the 2nd most powerful man in the Philippines then. 
keen for the eagles game today. #goeagles 
I can't wait for tomorrow nd all th fun I'm gonna have with my bf at queen Mary :) nd I can't wait til Wednesday my birthday :) Halloween 
I wonder how many of the purchases fell into the impulse bracket? #PrimeDay Amazon Prime Day beats Black Friday sales 
going back to Houston tomorrow(: excited!!!! 
TODAY - is the annual Marijuana March in Toronto! Happy Weed March everyone in Toronto and of course all... 
@user EXPERIENCE the magic of Xmas simply by popping into The Range any time after late August Bank Holiday. 
@user it's a lot bigger than you may think just take a look at Hannibal 
"Looks like ANT-MAN is gonna hit #1 for the 2nd straight weekend. Not to mention, also pass the $100 million mark. Not too shabby........" 
I'm just trying to get to Sept 20 fam. Janet Jackson coming to town 
Happy 2nd Birthday to little Prince George! Churchill hopes you have a paw-fect day. #OhYes 
"Practicing for my show tomorrow night. You should come, it's FREE!  @ The Lair 
@user good point, I'd do that but I already wasted a dang RB spot with Asiata on Thursday lol." 
"Ashlyn's mom just surprised us with Ed Sheeran tickets for Saturday, and I am currently crying." 
Judging by the interviews and way Bellusci talks - think we may have found a true legend in the making 
man I have an 8 am tomorrow but Rosie &amp; jay are having a Harry Potter marathon, looks like I'll be going 2 school in what I'm sleeping in :( 
Practicing with Marana tomorrow, should be interesting, black pack all the way! 
I just crammed 310 photos and saved 404 mb with Android (iOS coming June) Try free today: 
R.I.P. to Frank Gifford. Revolutionized multi-position athletes and was great on the call of Monday Night Football. 
@user Hi, Zayn!  Tomorrow is @user 15th &amp; she absolutely loves you. If you could please tweet her, it would make her day!" 
@user @user  ...what are your thoughts about Apple's iPod touch 6th gen? 
@user 2nd visit to David Bowie Is last night and I already feel like I should be going again! Absolutely amazing exhibition! Thank you! &lt;3 
Today the Pope announced making it easy to get an annulment. Coincidence that today is my 25th wedding anniversary? #omen #wtf #SignFromGod 
"VDN on Lamar Odom practicing today: ""It was good to see him out there, so we’ll see how he feels tomorrow."" Odom said, ""It felt good.""" 
My bet for tomorrow is going to be Eden Hazard to score first and Chelsea win 2-1 #CFC 
@user we loved the show at MetLife last Wednesday - great work! Hope you guys are having a nice time. Enjoy your night. 
@user Did you not even see one for GCSE!? Next one is on Thursday. You should! 
UK members: You may be interested in this evening's BBC documentary on the history of @user #Surveyors 
@user in London for Boro match Saturday... let me know what night you’re out... Friday may suit me better like if optional 
I am going to meet Dean Ambrose on Oct 2nd wooo!!!!  via @user 
I hope they announce something different and exciting for the iPad tomorrow. It's just about time for me to get a new one #AppleEvent 
Interested in a fieldtrip this Sat. to check out the annual snow goose migration? Text or call Becky at 403-715-7844 
Get the popcorn (or coffee in my case) ready, folks. 1 hour till the new iPhone event! Tuning in from #Asheville, NC. 
the Packers game will be broadcast for the 5th time in our market and that makes me happy just so i can hear Ha Ha Clinton-Dix more 
@user Jason will prove himself again tomorrow when he sells out stadiums in more record times. 
#SkateNight Tonight 8pm Stardust Skate Center FREE b4 9:30pm Hosted by #SAAB its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x5 
Big 4 with Kevin, Deniesse, Devine, and Ryan sa kick off ng PBB Teen Edition 4 on Sunday, April 8 at 9pm.#excitedmuch!!!#BiggelonTV 
@user lol! Gonna make up for day off tomorrow! Also bought vertical iPad stand so I can browser test w/the lot of 'em. #geekgirl 
Can't wait until the DLC for ME3 comes out tomorrow. :-) 
"best documentary feature goes to Saving Face, hahahaa only one opsi from this nomination, this's it! #Oscars" 
Fleetwood Mac Lot of 4 45s Don't Stop you make lovin fun Rhiannon Monday Morning 
Did you know that 'Labor Day' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 8 for 11 hours in Greensboro? #trndnl 
@user 194days till i see you at #BELIEVEtour at london o2 arena on march 7th<3 
It was Prince George's 2nd birthday today! Isn't he a cutie? Is your little one's birthday soon? Not sure what to... 
i need to figure out what shoes im going to buy tomorrow NIKE OR ADIDAS SUPERSTAR BC MY BROTHER HAS ONE AND I WANT TO HAVE IT TOO 
The only feminist manifesto  (if I may call it) that am exposed to is the one in Beyonce's flawless 
Rolling Stone and The Zone are the best songs on Thursday 
@user I've been watching Naruto most of my life.This is the last movie.Of course I'll wait that long besides Oct 10 is Naruto's B-day. 
"Chiara Atik's The Secret Catcher in 3G's Sips&amp;Scripts, tom @user @ The Gin Mill. New play, cold draft &amp; hot tots. C'mon, you know you wanna." 
"Thank god for having a sub in 2nd, watched the PLL Halloween special I missed the other night" 
After Wednesday's twilight market check out the lovely local lights like these in Gladesville Drive. Invite friends! 
I hope all the fans stayed into the 9th to watch Harper go 0-5. #nats 
Murray has this. He may not have it at the moment but I'm not worried #USOpen #murray 
"#KissMyAssGreenDayTheBest metallica,iron maiden,ac/dc,avenged sevenfold,killswitch engage,miss may I, the best." 
Not going to be able to watch Federer's match vs Darcis but expect to wake up tomorrow to read of a comprehensive victory for the Swiss. 
blow by kesha is the only song acceptable to listen to at school tomorrow 
Thor and April love the laundry basket. #catsofinstagram 
"They're unveiling me Wednesday at the Yerba Buena Center in SF. Don't know why, but I like the way @user looks at me." 
"Day #12 - Monday, 11/12 - Thank a Veteran Day. Brave men and women who have served their country with honor surround us. Find a veteran t..." 
WWE Announcer: HE'S SLITHERING IN... RANDY ORTON IS IN A PLACE WE'VE NEVER SEEN HIM BEFORE! *Randy Orton floating in the 13th dimension* 
Gon get smashed! The Nintendo kind though, not the drunk kind. Right?..right? 
The best CGI in Ant-Man isn't the ant scenes. It's that 1st scene with Michael Douglas' face. #smhowzow 
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 - Best Buy and Amazon slashed price of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. The reduced price may temp... 
"Enjoy a sundae on this Sunday, it's National Ice Cream Day! Make your own all-natural w/ fresh fruits! #icecreamday 
David Price's 1st win as a Jay! Incredible day at the ballpark!! 
"Not sure how to feel about Kendrick's sons coming up. Inspiration is beautiful, but c'mon fammm." 
Ice Cube is like 7th on my Greatest MC list and he is #2 in my diss records list. 
"""""@MashUpStanleyT: """"Don’t cry because it’s over. Smile because it happened."""" - Dr. Seuss"""" Good quote for a Friday!" 
"Black Friday week is going to be crazy. Iggy, Nicki, 1D, Selena, Eminem and I know I'm forgetting someone ???" 
so happy tomorrow is Star Wars day!! 
I JUST CAN'T STOP LOVING YOU by MICHAEL JACKSON AND SIEDAH GARRETT was no.3 in the UK charts on 2 September 1987 
from September 2nd in Japan: Netflix, Amazon Prime Video + Hulu and all the other streaming services already operating. Which one to choose? 
Just reading this review proves that the Foo Fighters simply rocked Milton Keynes!  
"We make a million of beats, cause our stories is deep. And fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet." - Jay-Z 
Goodnight!!!! Aral2 din pag may time! LOGIC is my fave subject!" 
"Hi all, if you are anywhere Los Angeles, and are free on Friday, we need U2 fans for on-camera interviews. See prev tweet" 
C'mon Art... you /know/ you want to go watch a Conor McGregor or Rhonda Rousey fight...  #DMTalk 
every friday evening that starts with watching @user live at Rock Im Park (online stream) is a good friday evening! 
Next Friday the best one Ice Cube made 
Got some great shots of the March Fourth Marching Band tonight at Americaplatz @user they were fantastic!!!! 
I'm in love with Efteling! Like a quirky crazy non-PC version of Disneyland. Can't wait to go back tomorrow! 
Omg did yall see that video with kris Jenner dancing to tuesday... Dfl too cute and funny 
I'm pleased to confirm @user as a special guest on the bill at the Foo Fighters gig in MK tomorrow. 
.@richardgasquet1 honing his game on P3 Court for his match with Federer tomorrow. #USOpen 
Looks like I'm going to another White Sox game Wednesday night! @user 
Looks like my return flight is scheduled for November 9, of course it’s subject to change. At least I’m stranded in Jerusalem, what a city! 
"Okay, I forgive the makers of Ant-Man for omitting Jan Pym. It's a funny, exciting, heist film with a lot of honor to dads. Go see it." 
.@Microsoft's patch Tuesday incorporated 56 fixes for #security #vulnerabilities - some with active #exploits insane! 
Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) may just be the @user of Ireland. I wonder if crime rates drop down to 0% there too. 
Thor the dog loves Tuesday night D&amp;D. 
How great would it be if they played Stew’s Fiesta Bowl speech before the game tomorrow night? 
Going to see Amy schumer in Nashville tonight. But don't worry I got your epl plays over on @user 
Conor McGregor backed up the talk and won interim gold with 2nd Round TKO. 
Today In Photos: Courtney Love Shares Sweet Throwback with Kurt Cobain via @user 
"Watching the Bad Blood premiere at #TheStanGRAMMYs, but planning to release Feeling Myself vid tomorrow. 
In honor of Star Wars Day!  Who else is going to the movies this fine Thursday? 
Hope you’ve got your tickets/tables for Plies tomorrow night 10/6 at Belo Nightclub with Z90.3 | San Diego!!  If... 
A very good maxim - one that Boko Haram had the privilege to enjoy during the Jonathan Administration &amp; may still! 
Good weekend ahead shit shirt party tomorrow then United vs arsenal at old Trafford including an all day piss up #ByeByeWage 
Awesome amounts of support with our special bonus cast with @user and @user . Go show them some love. Back Tuesday for Dark Souls 
@user I know u may not have time but any chance me and the mrs can grab a photo at Newcastle arena tomorrow? #bestintheworld 
Mizzou beats Kentucky 2-1! Tigers advance to face top-seed Florida in the semis on Friday at 6:30 p.m. 
this Kurt Cobain documentary broke my heart. May he rest in peace and i hope Justice honors his death. #KurtCobain #Justice #Nirvana 
Pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with India - Islamabad, Nov 1 (IANS) Pakistan has approved a liberalised v... 
@user you guys were amazing in Belfast on Monday night! My pup Thor loves your music!!! 
MAGICAL MARCH - With 48 goals in 42 official matches the month March is now Messi's BEST MONTH in his Barcelona career 
by @user Southwest 737-8H4 getting ready to fire up its CFM56's. I'm so excited about going to LAX saturday... 
"If the Lakers still had Jordan Farmar,Trevor Ariza,&Shannon Brown I'd be watching them ..I dont like the Lakers but they were entertaining." 
I'm in a GroupMe where we're having an intelligent conversation about Kanye West's ankles. Happy Monday. 
@user What did you say to Tony Blair to make him tell you to sit down and stop being bad, may I ask? Found it funny, is all." 
@user You can always meet them on the Friday shakedown as Nicki said that'd be better, so it probably will be for the others! ;)" 
I’m SO excited I’m gonna meet Buddy from Cake Boss at Ruth Eckerd Hall with Grammy on Jan 12. Can’t wait !!!! 
"The music is just so good. u_u Yoko Kanno is an amazing composer and May'n's vocals, ahhhh." 
@user hi Eleanor! My birthday is next Wednesday and can you please say happy birthday to me. It would be a perfect gift! :) xx 
@user Think your right .. was the last Friday prayer call of the past EID. 
@user you need to go in February during Mardis Gras week.  No crowds, beautiful weather! 
"Part of me hopes undertakers gonna win but compared to Brock lesnar, I just don't know what's gonna happen. 
"LOOK: Move over Blood Moon, here's the Pumpkin Sun 
I didn't know Dean Ambrose can act but #12rounds3lockdown looks amazing can't wait to see it in September 
my mum is going to london in a couple of days. just glad she wasn't there tonight! 
I just found Quest for Camelot on Amazon Prime. My Sunday afternoon is complete 
Ihop is gonna be choice tomorrow morning, then, off to the mini road trip 
Lance McCullers strikes out Josh Hamilton - his first out of the inning.  Now on pace to throw 96 pitches in the 1st. #onpaceguy 
@user little, it goes on Netflix on October 5th I think!!! 
@user haha, the 25th! just tell me when &amp; I'll make a trip to Summersville for the day!" 
Can't wait for Ed Sheeran tomorrow with all my bb's 
About India: Auto production may end FY13 with 6% growth: CMIE - Mumbai: Automobile production, which took a... 
@user Hey Shawn, nice seeing you this week bud! Have a great tomorrow!" 
@user my birthday is Sunday August 23 I can't wait I hope I get ps4 with Minecraft and bo2 and advanced warfare and gta 5 
Buzzing for Eagles of Death Metal tonight. Tuesday is the new Friday. 
Going to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes tonight:) Perfection #check 
"Just had an email from my boss: are you free Fri 25th to go Milan? Er, let me see.... YES!!" 
@user @user If look at Nates numbers, it’s due to increased chance in OH. Good O poll in FL may have helped too. 
Galaxy Note 5 Commercial Showcases The New S-Pen: Samsung finally announced the Galaxy Note 5 on Thursday, we ... 
@user congrats!!!!!!! So happy for you :) may all your dreams come true <3 xoxoxox my Frankie 
"4:52 4th | Final media timeout of the game and St. Bonaventure leads Colgate, 51-30. Curtis has tied career high with 12 points." 
"Long weekend!! Yoga outside under the sun, Tai Chi set and Chai tea for quiet time with the Dao Te Ching. Namaste 
It's Friday and National Ice Cream Day and Food Truck Friday @user so make sure you enjoy! #btowneats 
@user boy don't be talking yo shit on Kendrick, everyone know that album is the best album of the year, Fetty Wap is 2nd." 
@user Good analysis, will watch the vid tomorrow. I hope so. I definitely think it's the right move, Alonso or not." 
I like how Thor is bragging about making Esky uncomfortable as if he didn't give up 6 hits and 3 runs in 1st 2 innings. 
@user can't watch for the 1st time ever I am at IHOP 
Michelle Obama set the bar exceptionally high 4 @user What kind of 1st lady would @user be WI wouldn't know, we've never met her 
@user Yay!  May I recommend eating it by the spoonful while watching Gilmore Girls? 
I think that tomorrow I might buy #bandofbrothers dvd boxset in Milan..I hope to find it 
"I turned on Monday night raw and in the first 10 seconds randy Orton rko'd 2 people, talk about a perfect storm" 
I was watching Friday rn and Ice Cube uhh was pretty good looking if you ask me 
I really want the Kurt Cobain album coming out in November 
It may look like a mainframe, but it's anything but proprietary! Very cool IBM Great time to be a partner HighVail 
@user long may it continue Kerry.take the wains to school then going a cycle.doing that @user on Sunday so need practice xx 
I have heard it said that the 2nd G in Snoop Dogg represents extra gangsterishness, for how else do you explain this particular redundancy? 
Watch our Chief Political Correspondent go through the papers at 10.30pm on BBC. #tomorrowspaperstoday 
can it just be 5:30 tomorrow evening alREADY because Ant-Man will be over by then and the post credits will BEGIN  
Not mine lol but cant wait til friday its pay day and this will be the 3rd check from curtis ! 
@user one of the girls from @user is traveling to the game from Germany tomorrow! Help make her trip worthwhile!? :) 
Seeing a Fleetwood Mac tribute band tonight and a Selena tribute band tomorrow night. I am excited. 
"All of the ""real"" Democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled Republican state senators on August 9 #YesWeCan" 
"If Prince George's birthday is making all the news this morning, imagine the headlines tomorrow when it's my birthday! #birthdayboy" 
Federer breaks early in the 2nd set! Even consolidates the break! Up 3-0! #RF #Tennis #CincyTennis 
Who's ready for the Foo Fighters tomorrow night?! Britton Tavern is your pre-concert and post-concert party... 
Last day to buy SPC cards is tomorrow! Please support so we’re able to give you an awesome Halloween! 
TBS playing "The Comeback" episode of Seinfeld (again). Should I bust out the Jerk Store line in tomorrow night's debate? 
@user We're going to see Ant-Man tomorrow. I figured it would seem even better in comparison after watching this. :) 
"watched all of @user X Factor video's last night. he needs to start making music, wicked voice!" 
@user @user will be presenting on the 4th I will come we talk about some stuff 
Kerry is a place for all seasons and when the sun shines,it's hard to beat! by Chris O Callaghan on Mt Brandon:) 
i hope frank ocean knows that the final day for grammy submissions is september 30th 
"Does anyone want 2 tickets to the Kenny Chesney, Jason Aldean concert on Saturday? Good seats and very reasonable price" 
Tough loss for @user today. Good luck on Monday with selection Sunday 
RFT @user Skype nights! might as well Skype with someone who gonna be at the mmg tour at 1st mariner 
Is it even possible to go to Digi on a Monday without getting paralytic 
I really really really want to see Foo Fighters on Saturday!!! 
"Tomorrow is Nurses Day, and MSC is celebrating it in a very special way. Just stop by and make any purchase to... 
Today only is Amazon Prime Day, which offers more deals than Black Friday! If you plan to shop, don't forget to... 
Good to know i'll be sharing my birthday with National Ice Cream Day tomorrow 
@user Go with the Moto G 3rd gen 16 GB overall a very good phone, even the OnePlus One is a good choice but cam better on Moto G3." 
'Isaac Newton was only 23 when he discovered gravity'  Man, Messi was 22 when he won his 1st Balon d'Or.. 
Good luck to Cody Reichard & Scott Darling..1st day of training camp for the Montreal Canadiens' AHL affiliate-Hamilton Bulldogs. God Speed! 
Our trustee @user has just recorded some quick comments for BBC spotlight, tune in tomorrow for the evening news to see it! 
@user we have Melbourne cup, woop thats a fab horse racing day & we have Christmas, Easter, good Friday, Australia day, idk heaps haha 
"Sun., July 29, 2:30 PM  """"Rock ’n’ Roll, the Opposites,  & Our Greatest Hopes--A Celebration!"""" 
"Taylor is going to dominate when the nominations for the VMAs are released tomorrow, Blank Space and Bad Blood were very well made videos." 
Every time I hear a Liverpudlian accent it reminds me of watching Brookside with Mum on a Sat teatime #MissThoseDays 
Can't believe Naruto is still running.. I remember watching it when I was in the 6th grade 
happy 20th b day Rolling Stone #magazine thanks for teaching me about good #music #rock 
I'll be at Disneyland tomorrow; if you see us, CAW CAW or give me a hug &lt;3 
The YA Summer Reading Club ends on August 18. Register and record your books to earn cool prizes before it's too late! 
@user I'm thinking Dustin Johnson should get the 4th spot in the #GrandSlamofGolf 
"Nirvana won, I'm officially out of commission for the rest of today and tomorrow" 
Ah Monday nights, a glorious time of the week to spend reading about mafioso’s on wiki. 
@user Not definite. Just that Chris Evans and Downey open to the idea of 4th one. 
@user Pretty cool names. I have one cat, a black cat named Merlin, who leaps on my chest in the middle of the night. A heart attack soon" 
Anyone want to come to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean at MetLife on Saturday I have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink 
Don't miss seeing Jurassic World on the jumbotron (@ the Joe) tomorrow at 8pm. Free food will be provided! 
My Sis won tickets for the Jonas Brothers concert @ Fort Canning on Monday.... 
National Hot Dog Day on Throwback Thursday? All the stars have aligned. @user #Indians #TBT #NationalHotDogDay 
Taco Tuesday has a full line up!  6:15am Baptiste Yoga with Alice 9:30 BarSculpt w/ leslie  10:30 BarSculpt... 
@user This is one of my favourite things about Chesters, the pizza’s taste fantastic! Alternative to a sunday lunch? 
Studio tomorrow, all I can think about. Chillin with homies and working on new music 
my 1st bias in t-ara still eunjung jiyeon okay still EunJi !! but plus Danee now muahahahah so it being EunJiNi ._. lol 
throwback to my like 8th birthday when my bff at the time @user got me the Mariah Carey CD. Lol only cause my bday is coming up! 
ooooo I almost forgot Star Wars day is tomorrow 
if i agree to hang out with u on a sunday you're probably very fucking important or you're david beckham 
@user something always comes up. But yes most definitely Oct 2nd we're going to Disneyland! Have you seen the paint the night parade? 
@user hey ben really enjoyed your set in barca last night, what was the 2nd last track you played? sounded like caribou? 
for whoever wants to take me to the sam smith concert on september 30th... I'm completely available 
"I liked a @user video Jeff Hardy Returns To Raw To Confront Seth Rollins and the Authority: Raw, July 27," 
@user oh its okay I can just use the jet daddy has on the roof of our mansion got a date with justin in London after school tomorrow! 
It's exciting to be in Israel when tomorrow there will be a general strike. I hope it helps workers in Israel! 
I've cried less over my last breakup than i've cried over the 10th season of Game of Thrones. @user 
Games played during the week are now more interesting than Super Sunday! 
@user We live 5mins from Kirby Center we always make great food. lol Any free tickets my birthday is Thursday would love to go! 
"Looking for some free fun? Come to @user Friday to see the classic camp films """"Cobra Woman"""" & """"Jungle Island."""" 
Going 2 see Magic Mike XXL for the 4th time tomorrow!  After watching this scene, no explanations needed, GOOD NITE! 
"Two weeks from now we have our annual twilight #farmersmarket @user - perfect place for all the fresh Chrissy #localfood 3-8pm, 23 Dec" 
Finally home from all this so called shopping in time to see Thor Finish up the 6th 
"With love in my heart for the fathers in Israel, may I suggest 10 specific ways that fathers can give spiritual... 
Let's see how many couples are going to start dry humping when Eric Church sings wrecking ball tomorrow #CountryJam 
Hip Hop with some KPop flavour today! Beginner Hip Hop w/Vincent every Wednesday and Friday from 6pm to 7:30pm!... 
Nu op Radio Zaanstad Bee Gees - Will you still love me tomorrow 1 
@user Iron Maiden reference... Now you're talking! New album #BookOfSouls drops Friday #uptheirons  Woooooo! \m/ \m/ 
@user Going to the Holy Land (Canada) tomorrow. If I’m lucky, I’ll meet some of the Degrassi gang. Well, in my dreams :P. 
"#Denali, the great one soaring under the midnight sun". Sarah Palin Sunday July 26, 2009 3pm Farewell Speech. 
@user @user @user @user The first debate was well done with no 'gotchas'. Carly won with Bobby Jindal 2nd. 
Our @user cuts through the coach-speak in Brian Kelly's Tuesday press conference. 
@user Awesome! It's very chilled here. Working till the 25th. Took my PS4 with me  :) however, I might go shark cage diving though." 
But 1st awesome day at Jiujitsu. Got my 1st black eye #success 
Psych and garage rock fans will love @user @user & @user  at the Echo on Nov 6th! Tix 
"Naruto is like crack. I keep saying saying one more episode, until ""Oh look, the sun."" #NARUTO" 
WWE #raw should be interesting next week. The Road Dogg returned to WWE at the Royal Rumble and Shawn Michaels is going to be on Raw Monday 
No better way to end the night than with Paul McCartney. Until tomorrow! #goodnightlolla #Lollapalooza 
KURT COBAIN: MONTAGE OF HECK Returns to Theaters August 7th with New Demo Track #FilmFiends #Fan220 
"In today's Guide I faff around the set of TFI Friday, get drunk in its bar, chat with Chris Evans and accidentally sit on one of Little Mix" 
"Amazon Prime Day had 18% higher sales than Black Friday, you whiners!"   See, little one, Black Friday has this thing called "competition". 
I may not have gotten a picture of Messi, but I still saw him with my own eyes! Fuck what everyone else says lol 
@user @user He kept them up for the 1st year in the EPL,with wins over ManU, Arsenal &amp; Spurs. which is &gt; winning promotion. 
Tonight was awesome I LOVE the Richwood students. Can’t wait to meet more tomorrow. :) #jfk2mts 
Another awesome Wed night @user @user this time with the man who killed Chuck Norris #TheWayOfTheDragon 
@user same here in Detroit. Come out to Gin Mill on Saturday if you're bored. Mark's in town too. We're going to partay... 
@user @user [2/2] That's why my Prog/Indie/Heavy Rock-filled iPod has One Direction's 3rd and 4th albums on it. I am Not kidding. 
Your Pie Greenville is celebrating National Ice Cream Day this Sunday by offering free gelato! Make sure you stop... 
@user I hope you make history Sunday. Show Seth Rollins what being champion is all about 
"Been enjoying playing Command and Conquer for it's 20th birthday.  Love the Commando, Love the Rockin' music and Kane, what's not to love!" 
Looks like its going to be an interesting 4th    End 3: Brandon 14, Plant City 12 
"Off to IBZ tomorrow. Paradise, Zoo Project, We Love..., and Circoloco all on the cards" 
Our last draw for an HD TV is today, 24 Feb., at noon. Good luck, everyone! Details to enter the #pplHDTV comp: 
"Free pick Friday was strong this weekend with Ohio State  #Steelers,  and #Falcons getting the job done. Enjoy #MNF!  
@user I mean can you blame her? I'd hide behind Beyonce too if I knew a 10-hit combo may or may not came my way. 
In Wednesday's #FirstFT - long reign the Queen, iPhone unveiling and more. Sign up at 
@user ""Thats the spirit Naruto!"" She smiled at him. She pointed at the sun. With a smile on her face" 
@user Cheers. Being told the Moto G (2nd gen) is a good bet too. Similar specs. Will be down to OS I think. Many thanks :-) 
Ravens play eagles on the 11th at 730! #GETPUMPED 
I let @user convince me to go to the Queen Mary with her tonight. and we both have class at 7 a.m. tomorrow. #yolo 
Make sure to watch Sharknado 3 Hell No tomorrow! @user is in the movie! but you'll have to find her ;) 
@user  this shirt got a lot of love here in Virginia last Thursday at the Jason Aldean Concert! 
someone go to rcc with me tomorrow then we can have $1 pancakes at ihop 
"#Vote4UrDAYUMSelf Comedy Show w/ @user TOMORROW @ the Houston Improv, 7:30 PM. FREE SHOW! Get #Register2Vote or #Pledge2Vote to enter." 
"1st episode of @user Arsenal podcast, I guested alongside @user and @user - Check it out!" 
Guess who may be recording the song I wrote? Yeah, Eric Church. Just got done talkin to him &amp; his head stage guy. Should know within a week 
"Listening to @user ""Smells Like Nirvana"" with the hubs. That's how we roll on a Friday night. :)" 
@user Nia Long didn't have a problem with it when Ice Cube said it in Friday. That's what really matters 
Rella wake up to shank one day thn pczeey the nxt day so who dat 3rd baby pappy lol #SheDontKnow 
@user I was going to rib you for this, then I remembered my top ten still has "Jurassic World" and I sat down. 
"Well, beautiful people the actual album in full glory will arrive today ready for tomorrow at the Horn! Thanks to @user you guys rock" 
@user I didn't see that but there is a 30th  birthday celebration on cbbc today with BBC kids presenters 
"We will be part of a signing with legendary wrestler, HULK HOGAN on October 11th!!  We are accepting items and... 
@user you in london on wednesday? we're being tourists with my brother's Merlin pass!! hope you're having a good break :) 
" Sun is shining, the weather is sweet..." (Bob Marley) 
@user Dexter is great but give Hannibal another try, it gets better after the 5th episode :p 
@user @user I approve (not of the rough day. May I recommend a viewing of Magic Mike XXL to cheer you up?) 
David Beckham and Joey Barton could be central to one of the biggest games in French football on Sunday. 
@user Ahhh! I just passed you way up high in Times Square :) I'm super excited for #BombGirls next Tuesday on Reelz! #cantwait 
"Does it burn right now? Yeah. Harvey tomorrow, deGrom game 6 and Thor in game 7 with everyone available. #GottaBelieve #LGM #Goodnight" 
Excited to be presenting Cloud Computing for SMB's at the Centenary Chamber of commerce on November 6th 
Someone should tell frank ocean that tomorrow would be a great day to release an album 
@user i just ordered one from Amazon it'll be here on Friday let's fucking rOLL 
This is awesome!! I could not agree more about Oracle.  
@user my older brother is going to see Tenacious D on Sunday and Dave Grohl is going to be playing the drums there!!!!!!! 
Polish festival starts later today &amp; goes until Sat. in DE. So if you want to try Polish Beer this is the place.... 
New Eco zombies DLC comes to the PS4 tomorrow! Can't wait!! 
Slightly obsessed with @user Can't wait to see him next sat at metlife! #coleswindell #metlife #kennychesney #pittickets 
Federer is looking good after winning Cincy for the 7th time. 
Monday Funday: What is the only thing higher than Snoop Dogg? - NJ Governor Chris Christie's pants. 
@user will be listening to at work tomorrow. You invoke the name of Seinfeld, I expect greatness. 
Ok so can we all go to Milan next Friday and be just as hype??? 
@user @user Omg! I can't wait Calibraska is coming out tomorrow. I can't wait, to get it." 
Sone_Jai recommends Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.) by Katy Perry. Listen to it for free on Deezer! 
Swing by the All Arts Market Friday night at Neighborhood Theatre! Come buy local and start your Christmas shopping early:) 
Listening to old school Madonna before heading out for a Friday night in Brisbane with a mad Italian #cherish #Madonna 
Ricky Ponting says he’s in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on ... - Herald Sun 
@user Perhaps they want a 3rd choice hahaha! Like Ben Amos at #MUFC 
"#awesome Tomorrow starts the 3-day festival, @ UC Davis, known as The Whole Earth Festival. This weekend is gonna be sunny! ;-) I'm off too!" 
As I’m watching Candyman I realize that its it not scary at ALL! Kinda funny or it may b the liquor either way I’m laffin 
Had such a great time lastnight at the PIPA 2nd Year solos - fantastic to see new talent on stage :D 
Down at Chesters tonight playing some bass with the August James band. Can’t wait to see what songs we know how to play! 
"Tomorrow morning the place to be is Laico  4 a debate on ICC.We have talked about it online,now we do it face to face 
David wright first at coming back from going on DL in April = a upper deck home run! Welcome back Captain! 
I may watch the VMAs just to see Nicki's performance but dassit 
Hockey home opener. LSI vs. CBA, November 28th, 7:00 at Hudson Valley. Everyone should be going to this. 
@user I have lots of spare jars. Marmalade is the one ’jam’ G&I have not yet made. So glad u found Ash Wed easy & uplifting. 
@user Curtis you've looked all the way back to June I think you found em all. 
New Galaxy Note launching tomorrow. You can watch it live with @user 
"Ice Cube please make a another friday. Do it with Dae daes character smokie, and yourself. Pretty please#Cube Vision" 
Today was an awesome day but it is quite sad for me and my teammates :) . Qian , Yue , Ying and Jun :) 
Here's the scoop: Sunday is National Ice Cream Day #usa #top #stories 
@user I may have read that in the way that Seinfeld greeted Newman. 
Watch out for this for Amazon  may be nnouncing a $50 tablet the Holidays#Amazon#Tablets#LowCostTablets 
People may be complaining about Amazon Prime Day deals, but I got myself a lovely camera for my trip. So flippin' excited!!! 
Friday in #Vancouver at the Scottish Cultural Centre see #GGW Champion Chelsea Green vs Malia Hosaka. Chelsea was... 
Sandow's kick on the 5th is higher than Snoop Dogg in Amsterdam, and Charnley claims it before being rolled over the try line. GLDO. 0-12 
Are you ready for the 16th Annual ICT Conference?  Key sponsors IBM will be sponsoring 10 students and 5 faculty... 
"Be on the look out for my Miss USA 2015 recap tomorrow! Hear about my favorite gowns, swimsuit bods, and... 
You know, what if Joe Biden runs for president with Obama as his Vice then steps down so Obama is president for a 3rd term? 
This goes way too fast :O Its been already a year that I saw Avril Lavigne in concert <3 October 25 2011, one of the best day of my life :D 
Tonight's Final: 4-2!!!!  White Sox win their 60th of the season. Rodon wins his 6th! 
"We are the 4th Power from the Philippines! Hi! Rita Ora: Aloha! Uhmmm, Big Brother, 3 points po kay Rita Ora kasi hindi educated" 
"THIS JUST IN: Prince George is just like every other two year old, SURPRISE!  
@user Well Moose is in luck, because tomorrow at WWE Summer Slam, Undertaker faces off with Brock Lesnar and omg I can't wait." 
There's a couple here, the 3rd row from the stage, wearing a tux and long white dress... for AC/DC... Lol ok. 
Someone get IHOP with me tomorrow 
Attend the September 9 ICS TechTalk about the IBM Connections #Cloud Q3 Update: #socbiz 
Prince George and Princess Charlotte's cousin Mia may be the coolest royal tot of all 
@user Hi Hyung Jun,how are you when are u comming to America,we miss u here,fighting." 
@user I haven't laughed this hard on a Thur night since Seinfeld ended. Not the last episode though, that one was terrible. 
Friday night lights at east York lol remember when it was good 
The sun, earth, the Lakers, Jay-Z, Oprah, and 5 whoppers 
"Haven't seen 2nd half but James Rodriguez is something else.  Great display boys HALA MADRID!  Scrappy win for Milan too,but it's a win." 
@user I just hope the You Only Pope Once pale ale doesn't go quite as fast in Cape May that weekend 
"Hahaha! We found this to be funny :)  Happy Wednesday friends!  Join us tonight for Hot Vinyasa Yoga, Nia,... 
Kendrick's flow in the last minute of Black Friday is too damn good 
@user Celebrity Juice tonight 10pm itv2. Hurrraaaaah! its a Back to school special who's featuring ! The wait is too much ! Ooosh 
@user @user i'm with Nat, so i don't wanna be rude! Tomorrow <3" 
Super Eagles up four steps on FIFA Rankings. Now 54 in the world. 10th in africa 
da 1st chinese song ever that interests me ^ ^ --> .. this is OST for drama In Time With You,n the drama was good! :) 
It's the first of August and started off good with Ant-Man. 
On October 6th illustrated Harry Potter comes out and McDonald's starts serving breakfast all day. 
"I may not be a fan of the Spurs, but they play some amazing basketball." 
@user I need my baseball fix somehow ;) I saw the Cubbies win their game earlier today( Kris Bryant walkoff HR in the 10th )... :) 
@user yesterday was recovery swim after a half marathon. Tonight's yoga. Tomorrow, going to a new run club! :) #runchat" 
@user As heartbreaking as Ole Miss was, I can live with it. @user put it DOWN, and I can't wait to see him Saturday! #WPS" 
Mail in a lather over C4's scheduling of Four Lions to coincide with 10th anniversary of 9/11. Too good a film for stunt scheduling I think. 
"Ate dinner on the couch in sweatpants &amp; under a blanket while listening to sam smith pandora, &amp; now I'm reading the newspaper. Its Saturday." 
Going to Buffalo Wild Wings tomorrow with my life long friend Israel and my brother.. That’s what I call a good night. #KnicksNation 
@user @user Hell yeah! (I've had a marathon Iron Maiden session going in the run up to Book of Souls being released tomorrow.) 
Bit late to the party but just back from Magic Mike XXL and ermahgaaad I could have sat in that cinema for the rest of my life. Nom nom nom. 
Happy Friday everyone! Coffee is on and don't forget we are open late tonight for all you BYO lovers! ;-) 
@user @user @user @user a toast to you Coffee Coming Comics *Clinks mug* Happy Friday 
Having to read Charles Dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever 
"Beach trip is winding down. Good day of sun, Jiujitsu, and surplus shopping." 
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 got its last firmware update in April and it wasn't version 5.1.1. Today, nearly 5 months... 
I am going to see Aesop Rock and Rob Sonic  on Fri Aug 3rd at Irving Plaza NYC. If anyone wants a ride up to the show, I have room for 2. 
@user Crazy that you use Kendrick. I'm listening to Kendrick Lamar &amp; J. Cole's  ""Black Friday"" as I type this tweet." 
TY for making me a woman!!!! @user said at constitution hall Saturday dont EVER EVER EVER EVER let someone make u feel like shit 
Also, ace time with the uni ladies. Saturday in Stonehaven, barbeque, Magic Mike XXL, tons of food... hips hurt from all the walking though! 
This is fun. We should play the White Sox more often. 
@user Eric, I heard your love for Michael Jackson. I got to see him in concert from the 4th row - his sweat hit me when he spun. 
"""@joshuaarodgers: We say we have problems but putting life in to perspective we have such fortunate lives"" you may be Martin Luther King." 
@user the later i stay up the better...c'mon Murray! 
@user You've got the whole of Saturday Night to work it out. Now that's entertainment :) Equalizer was a good film btw :)) 
#stAte is giving #ULOL the business...long pass play from Aplin to Jones - Red Wolves up 20-0 2nd Q #SunBelt 
Cech set to leave in January: Atletico Madrid has joined Roma and Real Madrid in the race... [[ ff @user ] 
Impressed with Siri. Asked to set an alarm for tomorrow at 8 AM. She clarified whether tomorrow meant today since just after midnight. 
Finally the Grammies give some more attention to the artistry of hip-hop. Good job Kendrick on having the 2nd most nominations ever. (11) 
"WWE in Brock Lesnar's territory of Minneapolis, Minnesota! and fittingly #lesnarvstaker on Monday Night RAW. I love it! #SummerSlam" 
Good luck to all my babies taking History and Physics tomorrow! May the force be with you! Make history! 
"As the sun stars to fade, here's ""Twilight is upon me"" by Tracy Leonard. Love this one! #art #yoda #starwars #h 
@user looks like we crossed paths, I saw Jurassic Park at Assembly Roxy on Thursday. Back home now, with sore laugh muscles. 
Benny Benassi at #ExchangeLA Tonight!  Armin Van Buuren at #ExchangLa Tomorrow Night! #EDM WEEKENED. @user see worth the late night job. 
@user We had great set of talks & tour of the new lock & water recycling plant yesterday at Olympic Park. The sun even came out! 
"Some real legendary names on list tomorrow: David Bowie, Bjork, Prince...just putting it together and realised!" 
Really excited about Apple Announcing iPad Pro tomorrow. Ah, the rumor I've been wanting to be true for years. It... 
OMG!!!!!!!!! boy this fight would have been so emotional and epic Naruto vs jiraiya in the 3rd Great Ninja War 
"Wait, they (MYSA) actually have a pretty good record at the 2nd largest tournament... the Norway Cup. 
@user @user make that 3 lol my practicum is in march! Calgary police here I come lol 
@user cant wait to see u in wilkes barre pa dec 9th at kirby center. r u coming out after the show for pics n autographs? #prettyplease 
If you like games the Game On Austin sponsored by SXSW Gaming October 25 will be exciting.  
#FRESHKICKS: Nike's online raffle system may have finally beaten the bots: #SineadFresh 
@user that pic is 9th and Superior, ;looking eastward down Superior Ave. Its the corner my mom always stands for St Patricks Day parade" 
National Ice Cream Day is this Sunday!   We will have free random give-aways all day!  #welovebensons #nationalicecreamday 
TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY VOL 2: THE TRUTH set to release in December so make sure you have VOL1: THE DEATH!!! 
Ryan, a few Google+ posts you may like 
Floatin soaking up some sun n some Eric church. Can it get any better than this? 
Tune in on September 12th it's going to be a night of great fights Floyd Mayweather #HighStakes 
Can it be April so I can be closer to see Justin Bieber??? 
Meet us at 9755 Chalmers tomorrow evening 5:30-7pm- A Righteous Girl Meeting take sum time out your day to have sum christian girl talk... 
I’ll be glad when it’s tomorrow so I can stop seeing tweets about how Justin bieber is cool 
Josh Hamilton ties this sucker up @ 3-3!  Smashes his 4th homer of the season. 
@user I really wanna go to one of his things! Did you watch his new thing on channel 4 last Friday? xx 
Just finished watching 1st episode of #accused. F**king brilliant. Yet again Jimmy McGovern triumphs. Look forward to the rest. 
"Chris Evans, reborn Top Gear get May 8 UK debut: The Clarkson, Hammond, and May-less new version of the BBC's ... 
10 Best Apps for the Apple Watch (That May Make You Crave One) #AppleWatch 
James Murphy best of luck tomorrow lil man. you’ll do great no doubts. 
Seth Rollins rolling in with a STRONG Saturday Night Fever feel.... #SummerSlam 
Take a look inside the KwaFaku Reading Club to see how these volunteers nurture children's #literacy every Sat (video)http://t.co/FxUeQBMs 
So Justin Beiber is coming down here Jan. 15. Am I the only one excited? Lol 
"I may regret this later in the season, but I'm so happy for David Wright." 
Full house on a Friday for David Price facing the Yankees. That's the best sentence I have heard in a while #BlueJays 
So this happened Tuesday night: Sharif (or is it David Bowie?) earned his first bike! #EarnABike 
So so happy Royal Blood have been added to the Foo Fighters gigs on 5th and 6th at Milton Keynes! YAY 
"Wow, Gov @user John Kasich made it. FOX Announces 10 Candidates for Thursday's Prime-Time Debate via @user 
Wishhhhh I was going to Jason Aldean tomorrow 
@user Tin, one of the 7 metals known to the ancients was associated with Jupiter/Zeus. Thursday = Thor's day (jueves) is the Tin Day" 
"Matta doesn't know how to view being ranked 4th in the country and 3rd in the Big Ten, except the conference must be really good." 
The editor of 43 episodes of Seinfeld was named "Skip Collector?" That may be the best name in all of editing. 
@user I have a date with Christian Kane and the Leverage team that I recorded tues, then The Finder, sexy!, have fun, night night xx 
@user It is good news for Times Now as the terrorist may be glorified like Yakub. 
Two sexy ass guys working at the farmer's market means Chelsea will be back at the farmer's market next Tuesday morning. 
"Good morning Dallas! Sunday funday ahead with yoga, brunch and TY KU sake. Who's coming?? 
Eli manning best 4th quarter QB in the game! 
I only swipe right for girls named Molly, Mary, or Lucy bc I'm seeing the Grateful Dead on Saturday. 
Last day of my vacation! It was a great one! Shinedown Concert kicked ass on the 9th at Bluesfest in Ottawa!! :) 
@user U r a 5-Star to the Hog fans, VA3!!!!!   U got props from the coach Wednesday night at the Signing Day event in the Ville,#WPS! 
@user we'll see when he scores the winner against you and is off to Man Utd with Kane in January. Enjoy Adebyor x 
Going to IHOP tomorrow. Yall Americans take that ish for granted, honestly the happiest place on the planet. 
@user the Iron maiden in the 7th race I've seen a bunch of times. Really good horse. Big closer 
Think i'm going to Mount Snowdon and to Bangor tomorrow ... exploring wales! :D 
Tuesday is a great day at Love Life Hot Yoga with great classes to choose from! Breathe. Move. Sweat. at 5:30 (90... 
Can't wait for tomorrow night! And no not bc of jersey shore but bc it's the first official game of the NFL season! 
I am in a van with a group of cheerleaders singing/screaming an Ed Sheeran song.  How's your Friday night going? 
Meet and greet with Bernie Sanders Friday night! So excited! 
Peso rises over Moody’s credit rating upgrade for Philippines ...: The peso inched up on Tuesday following the m... 
@user new location?, 3rd ave &amp;12th street, NYC. Make it happen... East village runs on Dunkin! 
"It was just a good day, I felt comfortable and hope for the same tomorrow -- Paul Dunne: 
Staying up 2 watch the Anderson v Murray match was so worth it. Only missed some of the 4th set when my eyes couldn't anymore! 
"Did you miss our BOGO deal on National Hot Dog day?  Have no fear, we are doing it again!!!  On Friday, July 31st... 
@user @user I’m guessing the night of the 16th is gonna work the best. Invited you and Nick on FB. 
Special thanks to everyone that came out to see us at the Clear Lake Home And Garden Show last Saturday for the... 
"Shows starting up again Aug 15 - see you soon Cumberland, Gibsons and Prince George!!! 
Nikon prostaff, can’t wait to get it on and shoot tomorrow! 
Another successful episode of Take Tori Home Tuesday, brought to you by pumpkin beer and Nintendo games @user 
@user Briana, TY for the Like of my quote. Glad you liked it. Have an enjoyable Thurs out in LA." 
"The National Hot Dog and Sausage Council has designated July as Hot Dog Month. In conjunction with that, July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day." 
Watching When Harry met Sally, how I love that movie!!! A) it’s NYC B) it’s Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan :) what a perfect start to Friday! 
@user Texas and Baylor both looked awesome last night. We are heading to the games tomorrow night.I say final is Texas/Baylor 
Catch a Jurassic double bill on Sun 30th @user with Jurassic Park and Jurassic World! 
Could be one of the greatest nights of my life Carmelo Anthony winked & acknowledged me twice and sat 2 rows back at the Knicks game! #CA7 
And just think....Virgo David Price will be getting even better when Jupiter goes into Virgo August 11... 
"Kobe Bryant looked like his old self against the Jazz during a 119-86 loss on Thursday, making 10-of-23 from the field and 7-of-13 fr..." 
Federer is about to be done with his match in the same time the 5th set of the Hewitt vs. Tomic match takes! 
A solar eclipse is a sign that Chuck Norris won a staring contest against the sun... again. 
I get Harper Lee's new book Go Set a Watchman tomorrow   I haven't been this excited about a new book in a long long time 
@user @user HAHA!! Omg, best film ever! Puts me in the Christmas mood.. WOAH!! Irish was so boring on Friday, OMIGOD." 
Good day today :) #Blessed now watching @user on Comedy Central!!! Lol love him!!! 
#tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing Christina Grimmie :) #takemeback 
"The fam at @user hit you with a really dope look at the upcoming ""Gucci"" Foamposite Pro...available this Friday! 
@user I dont remember the name but it's a big award and SNSD was performed Gee or Gennie,u may search google for that incident" 
Leading the way at Guy Ritchie and Jacqui Ainsley's wedding on Thursday were the likes of David Beckham and Jemima Khan. 
This the 1st year I've not been to excited about the new iPhone announcement but I'm stoked for the new Apple TV &amp; their streaming service 
I wanna go see AC/DC so bad on the 15th. 
@user saw your shout out on Copper River Salmon. You may like our take on it from Seattle w/this recipe 
"Busy day in Milan tomorrow, four meetings. Hopefully no fog..." 
"Daniels good-humored on comedy show: Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels was a good sport Thursday when he appeared on """"T... 
Best of luck to @user at Illinois State tonight!  Domination of the 2nd half of the MVC season starts tonight! #rolltimber 
Bad Blood by Taylor Swift feat. Kendrick Lamar stays in Top 5 for 11th week on the Billboard Hot 100; peaked at #1 
Wahhh I forgot the 2nd goal was so pretty in the Final. Saad to Richards to Kane. #cryingforever 
Mark Martin: Morning! *Yawn*  Good weekend so far?   ’Like’ this status if you’re having a lazy Sunday or... 
Netflix set to make new series of Charlie Brooker's dystopian drama Black Mirror | Media | The Guardian 
"Another huge endorsement for Corbyn, if George Osborne is against you, then you must be on the right side. 
Caitlyn Jenner will appear on the Season 13 premiere of Ellen Tuesday. 
@user hahaha I love how u refer to him by his 1st name & I’d have to here with tho. He’s ovr her talkin bout how he met MLK 
Happy Friday everyone. It is 07.48 in South Africa. A great day to all and enjoy a super weekend :) 
"Due to nine weeks testing, the Pep Rally will begin at 1:30 tomorrow, October 17. Go Vikings!!" 
"So I checked this out on the Google, today is... 'Thor's Day!' How much better is that than Thursday?" 
Niki Lauda became a Formula 1 world champion for the 4th time yesterday as the leader of the Mercedes AMG F1... 
Love my new #toy.I mean my IPod touch.5th generation.Does everything but make phone calls and has no GPS ability.I don’t need those options. 
"And each time the sun kisses the shore, I remember every promises you swore.  - Twilight thoughts" 
3rd day of TAKS test . Hope i do good . Lol 
Lexus and their new Hoverboard launched with this incredible video - thanks to our mates at @user 
"Whatever thoughts and feelings Watchman is giving you, come along on July 29th to chat all things Mockingbird! It'll be a lively discussion!" 
Dustin Johnson ends the first round of a major championship in 1st place. What's a surprise 
@user I think I may have to make Kris Bryant my Best Man now. 
Sarah Palin joining Donald Trump &amp; Ted Cruz at big rally in D.C. tomorrow, 1:00 PM at the Capitol, to protest Obama's insane Iran nuke deal! 
"#RAW Review:http://t.co/rXRVmqrc0n Seth Rollins, Sting &amp; the Statue, THE BEST SEGMENT EVER, Rusev, Ryback &amp; his Backstage Promos &amp; more" 
@user Just tried it! Let me know if you got my message! Be on the lookout for Mikasa on Saturday! :D 
Happy Valentine’s Day, Artemis You remembered. Come on! What kind of jerk would I be if I forgot Valentine’s Day?For the 5th year in a row? 
@user haha I have no1 to play out with until 2moro #vodkaonhold it’s getting better :) Newcastle is the best though! #Prydz #dec #? X 
In a cab going home. Day 1 of comic con is complete!!! I'm so excited for tomorrow and going as mikasa! 
The new Super Eagles goalkeeper is the reason i'm watching this game.  He is so super cute. Tanzania'a sun is too hot for him abeg. 
Happy 28th Birthday to Josh Herdman! He portrayed Gregory Goyle in the Harry Potter films. 
Someone go see Zac Brown Band with me September 12!! 
ALDUB RADIO MaAlden Monday NP: I Just Can't Stop Loving You by Michael Jackson! This with Spanish and French versions! #ALDUBTheREVELATION 
"Such a banging friday night!! Writing my MUN resolution is just sooooo ideal!! #killme #lituania #musicmakesallbeta 
"Ant-Man is important. No matter how small his role in Civil War may actually be, he is still there for a reason. Don't downplay him." 
@user Ya our game in hand is v Bolton!!!!!. 6 pointer ha!..Playing Norwich last game of the season!.#hopeless 
Just realized I don't miss you that much.  The sun is out. Nothing is better than today. I have reached nirvana. I think I need to pee. 
My day was just made! Julie coming up in the clutch with Zac Brown Band tickets for Friday! #Daymade #shortweek 
SUN UPDATE: UFC 191, Beyonce with Ronda Rousey, Jimmy Snuka, TUF, New WWE stable, CHIKARA King of Trios 
fun fact: chris evans (dude who revealed the coldplay announcement on fri) is from the same town as me. nice one mate 
Well, it's gonna be about 100 tomorrow at @user We're gonna have to ride Jurassic Park a few times! 
I wish I have the ability to influence everyone to like Rui En hahaa c’mon she’s so cute 
Sharks in 2nd place on the Currie Cup log behind the Lions. Geuss whos last...Bulls haha 
g night i hv school tomorrow hope i'll wake up with niall follows 
"AVAST, MATIES: International Talk Like a Pirate Day That's right, today's the day. The 10th anniversary no less. Tim... 
One Direction will host the Big Time Movie on Monday :) 
Going to MILAN next Tuesday I really love it there 
Interesting fact:  While this will be our representative's 2nd special session of the year it will be Bentley's 100th for the year. 
i know its late but i still havent watched annabelle and im planning to watch it tomorrow so i can celebrate bc this sem is oved haha 
Getting my copy of Go Set a Watchman tomorrow morning . . . should be interesting given the comments of the early reviewers. 
@user Can't believe the 1st season is almost over! I luv every episode, but my ultimate favorite has to be ""24 Hours in Barcelona.""" 
"LOL. So Haryana has a day off tomorrow because it’s """"Haryana Day""""." 
@user @user @user   Nobody can be as pretty as David Bowie. That's flying too close to the sun. 
@user come on Romney I may not be able to vote from Britain but I COMPLETLEY support you !!! Good Luck ! 
Before there was Michael Strahan sitting there with Kelly there was Frank Gifford 
Me and @user sat in the kitchen eating loads of food last night with Owain like throwing up lmao #sozmate 
@user  hi Niall  tomorrow is my 17th  birthday mean the world to me if you wish me a happy birthday  thanks niall  I love you 
Amazing football with tons of thanksgiving leftovers is making for the laziest Saturday of all time 
"need a new friend who can make me laugh, isnt busy October 5th, and loves sam smith too(-;" 
Okami HD makes me wish I had a PS3. I may just wait for the PS4 and hope that all of PSN’s games are on the PS4 store as well. 
Amid the buzz of Google's new logo last Monday, a lot of people missed Tuesday's announcement that native Gmail... 
Got the new job I'll b leaving for Ohio June 18th 
On the plus side @user have a gig on Saturday night at the Lexington - come along :) 
Kendrick Lamar seems to be topping every 'Albums of 2015' list so far (Stereogum put him 2nd). Can't see an argument against it. 
@user Tuesday morning raw is awesome John cena with AAAA 
'Labour Day will stay in May!' #standforqld. Qlders don't let Newman tell us when to celebrate Labour Day it's our day 
It's Women's Day in Manotick this Saturday with 15% off everything in store!  BUT... for our FB friends just... 
@user @user @user couldnt have said it better, Kendrick is the best, but Cole is Definetely 2nd and deserves more..." 
"I haven't seen Alan Partridge on TFI Friday yet, but I'm positive it's proof that he should host Top Gear AND TFI Friday over Chris Evans." 
SO excited for the #Apple keynote tomorrow, I need a rose gold iPhone 6s plus in my life. AND They're rumoured to announce the new iPad YAY 
I watched Ant-Man for the 3rd time today. 
Foo Fighters and The Vamps on the same list?!! thats why i love New Music Friday playlist on Spotify @user 
i want Michelle Obama to be president with Michelle Williams from DC as Vice President (she already know what its like to be 2nd in command) 
Netflix and chill season coming you way! 
@user  We cannot wait for listen Avril’s 5th record! please tell us when could we listen it? 
Thor thinks he's a lap dog and a face cleaner... Fun personality for sure :) He will be with us again tomorrow in... 
Don't miss the new Ballet West reality TV series on the CW tomorrow. 
"Carmen Consoli at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi in Milan! January 22, not miss out! Book your hotel at the best rate: 
Great to chat with @user JK Simmons &amp; Damien Chazelle about the excellent #Whiplash film. Not out till Jan but go see when you can x 
Fun Friday Mashup ---&gt; Nelly's Hot In Here mashed with Bee Gees' Stayin Alive: 
if your going to digi tomorrow and want to get me a video from grant landis I'd really love you 
I may or may not want a Mariah Carey cake on my birthday. It'll be a surprise if I get one. 
22 - I haven't talked to you in a long time. You're chill as fuck. You may like Lil Wayne and Drake but I still love you. PS: KURT COBAIN 
"David Wright in the Mets lineup tonight puts such a big smile on my face. If this team is destined for October, he deserves to be there." 
"Fab day in #Bristol today. Now time for Fish n chips from Argus then off to see #Looper, Sat nights were made for this #nice" 
@user I'm going to be at Disneyland on Wed if you have time to pop in. XD 
"""""@PurpleEndorphin: I WANT TANG JUN FOR CHRISTMAS."""" I want him on Valentines as well!!!" 
@user since Pittsburgh shows you love, give some back to the place where it all started and perform at Allderdice's prom on May 24" 
"Tomorrow is the day Ladies &amp; Gentlemen, please all hail the Vampire Diaries is on tom" 
hmmm how about this book for my birthday.. and El Clasico in La Liga will happen on March 3! sweeeeet! 
Federer defeats Darcis 6-1 6-2 6-1 to advance to 3rd Round at the @user accomplishing a perfect 16-0 in 2nd Round 
"So Adrian nearly has as many fantasy points for my team as David Price does. 35 for Adrian, 42.5 for Price.   Still only the 7th. #Rangers" 
"October 1, well directed, superbly short, excellent costuming, good acting, edge of the seat plot... A must see. big kudos to Kunle Afolayan" 
"If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it, even if I may not have it at the beginning - GANDHI" 
@user anytime ..@ 8:40 this week they r giving away Madonna tickets too if you wanted to try to get in for that show for Saturday too 
"We may believe whatever we want about gay marriage. But God calls us to love, not to condemn." 
When Beyonce made the song 7/11 I take it as an accomplished goal, a happy birthday, etc for me.   I was born July 11th. 
"Congratulations to Ylianna Guerra! 1st runner up @ the Miss USA this past weekend! Photo:Darren Decker,Josh Brasted 
Make sure you go cop my EP August 14th on Itunes and google play. You can stream it on spotify.https://t.co/wbmpl59Ko3 
Do not be afraid to be saints. Be open to the Lord so that He may guide you in all your ways. [Bl. Pope John Paul II 
Greeting Kobe is to mainstream! So I’ll just greet Jeremy lin, HAPPY 24th Birthday Jlin @user :)))) 
Happy Monday! Kanye West is running for President of the United States of America... 
"#Sport - Paul Dunne can make history on Monday, says Jordan Spieth following Irish amateur's heroics at St An... 
Eli Young Band you were great on #cmaawards but you will be even better in Starkville tomorrow night :) #bulldogbash #HailState 
@user the 1st time. I will NEVER forget tht night. Hope you get to come back, soon. God bless you, Niall. Good night." 
"Why it's great to go see Ant-Man in IMAX (or any movie, really), at the Tuesday late night showing. 
It may be 2:30 but I finally got to watch the new Batman #sacrifices 
Congrats to @user on his 500th @user On Sunday he grants his 501st when he lets Seth Rollins pretend to be a main eventer #Kayfabe 
actually today was very usefull ! i love friday !rest day in irAN 
"White Sox vs Red Sox tomorrow, Cubs vs Reds on the 1st, n Bears vs Packers on the 13th. What a good going away present!" 
What about the other candidates?  All have a chance.  *smiling*  Bernie Sanders may upset them all. 
my dad is enjoying twilight lmao... he keeps tellin me to shush while i quote every 2nd line bc he wants to watch it 
the 1st Kendrick song I heard &amp; I knew I would love him forever after that  
@user I’m going to be at your Santos Party House this Saturday for the """"Weird by Weird Standards"""" party. Stop by and we’ll rage!!" 
#Hawks fam, twitpic your Halloween costume to win a pair of tickets to see the Hawks defeat the Rockets this Friday @user 
David Cameron's willingness to arrange the #EU referendum rules suggests he's greatly concerned about the outcome. 
@user  it's so amazing receive your tweet!!! Tomorrow no but I'm waiting you in Milan!!! Love love 
Well guys do you know what day is today? Its Thursday!! Happy Thor's day to everybody! 
Ready for the Keynote tomorrow. Is iPhone the right choice for me!? Next time on Dragon Ball Z 
If the rumours are true and Hulk Hogan goes into CBB tomorrow I might actually watch it. 
"Add my good buddy @user to tomorrow's guest list talking the late, great Frank Gifford, JPP and the Giants." 
Tigers beat Kansas City tonight 4-3...Yay! And Austin Jackson got 1# on ESPN Sportcenter Top Plays..........Hurrah! Nice catch Austin! 
@user Such a cool thing you’re doing! Ubuntu Bridge. I vaguely recall them expanding to Zulu.. May be able to give.you a contact o/wise. 
michelle obama would be a great president man just think about how she never sat on her ass while her husband was running 
@user lol do you Mia, do you. Back in my day we skipped band on a Monday to see Ed Sheeran &amp; came to school the next day to tell every1." 
Alright Run it mek we done it!!! AmboZia July 7 @ Oneil’s Place (Bar,Karaoke & Lounge) MaDDD Rasss 
"I'm in bed listening to sam smith, it's raining outside and tomorrow is pay day. Happy me is happy (kinda)" 
@user Zayn is a star! he never tried to steal the spotlight, but he is like a sun, he can't be overshadowed. The public is with him!" 
Starting to hope Joe Biden enters the race. It may just be time for an alternative. A debate between Joe and Trump would be epic. 
Despite all the funny posts about lack of discounts...Amazon Prime Day sales beat Black Friday 
In 72hrs Tom Brady will be leading the NFL with 12TDs at the end of the 1st quarter. 
Catch me on Sarah G Live this sunday!! Hehe Ingat guys! Goodnight! Love you!! :**** 
Happy birthday to @user from Israel! May you live to 120 with good health and great wisdom! 
Such a good day in Edinburgh! Sightseeing, harry potter cafe, shopping and museum visits :) Edinburgh uni open day tomorrow! Excited :) 
Happy Birthday to my Big Brother @user May God continue to Bless you and prosper you. 
"I thought Star Wars day was May 4th, because ""May the forth be with you"". Now it's December 18th too? ""Go December eighteenth yourself.""" 
"I had an awesome time at #SCKCS now it's on to work, Saturday nite in Vegas, this should be fun." 
12th film at #MtnFest: Winged Seduction: Birds of Paradise. This was the sexiest movie at Banff. If you think mating birds are sexy. 
@user I wrote a column about the Royals for a site that you may be interested in reading: 
Made in Chelsea is definitely the best thing about a Monday 
It better be Wednesday today. Got my Slurpee and all I want to do is relax watching Big Brother. 
I think tomorrow I'm just going to binge watch the last 6 episodes of Game of Thrones, get it over and done with then start on Walking Dead. 
@user 3rd in table and look good a great performance today. Lets drag that to the Mackems on Tuesday! #UTB 
Hangin with the 2 bit ladies, soakin up the Florida sun, wondering if I did anything to have so much fun. 
"Last day in scottsdale is Tuesday, so happy to be going back to tempe! :)" 
"Good morning, Cowboys! Swiss Radio says it is! -&gt; Jamiroquai's Space Cowboy! @user Friday is Cowboy-Day @user 
Soooo who's down to go to the justin bieber concert with me in March?? 
An update on the surprisingly effective fight against Boko Haram in Nigeria. Great reporting. 
Just got home & now watching the Cuse game from earlier. I AM WATCHING SYRACUSE BASKETBALL! Been waiting for this since March 24th. 
"Miss Janet is BACK! Janet Jackson - Unbreakable World Tour plays Calgary tonight and Edmonton on Friday, Sep 4!... 
"Iran ranks 1st in liver surgeries, Allah bless the country." 
Gonna change my Tumblr theme. I hope I can finish it later so that tomorrow, I can practice my performance on English monologue. :) 
"""I didn’t want New York to miss my Madonna show. Get ready for Monday! It’s gonna be on WNBC!"" There is a God<333333 Thanks Ellen :’3" 
"John Cena just gave an AA to Jon Stewart on Monday Night Raw. Yes, you just read that right. #RAW" 
I can't wait to see Chad Mendes vs Frankie Edgar on December 11!! Then Conor McGregor vs Jose Aldo on the 12!! Dec. hurry up please!! 
Big shout out to Arian foster and Ty Hilton this am. Going into Sunday with 53 points. Nbd 
Wonder if she wanna to go to ihop tomorrow 
This may be the happiest day of my life I’m so proud of my NCS football brother you did something I never had a chance to do 
I love me some College Football but I can't wait to watch some Tom Brady and the Patriots play on Thursday. #NFL 
"2012 ESPY Awards Best Dressed: The 20th annual 2012 Espy Awards were last night, and with Lebron james winning ... 
@user Moto G is a great phone for the price. It does everything people do on their phone for 1/3rd of the price of a iPhone and S-number 
#NowPlaying Wrecking Ball - Aubrey O’Day via @user @ it’s here!!!!! Her 1st Solo video 
"Cant wait to rock ""Apologize"" by One Republic  & ""Jesus Freak"" by DC Talk tonight      gettin redy to rock Sasabo, Japan" 
@user @user ya for sure it’s on 28th and Ost starts at 1043 but really not till 11 lol 
@user cof cof~  someone is going to Germany on november 30 ...oh I really envy you   :)  
BRIEF-Clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end Q3 2013: Oct 25 (Reuters) - Clearwire Corp :  * Say... 
Contest Tomorrow! I will post a local Tucson property that is currently Active in the Tucson MLS. The first person... 
Rumors: Zayn may will give awards on the VMA's and 1 of them could be for the the boys!  I hope it's real! 
10 Randy Orton RKO's 1st one is the best one @user  
Love this new trick that Federer has when he is facing a 2nd serve. Running up to the serve line and taking it early is unreal! 
If David Beckham is campaigning for the Dad of the Year award, then he may have just pulled it out of the bag... 
I want to play Rock Band 4 in anticipation of Jurassic World on Friday. 
Don't forget- Yoga in Haggard Park at 9:30a on Monday!!! See you there! 
Switching it up with some TellTale Tuesday tonight- Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, or Wolf Among Us? 
Hope everyone had a great Labor Day! We will be back in the distillery tomorrow for tours and tastings! 
@user Happy 12th Birthday David Beckham!!! &lt;3 Love you! 
My baby girl start school tomorrow I pray she has a wonderful school year coming. I love you baby girl Nirvana 
"Join the team at Eldora Speedway on Saturday for Family Fun Night #2!! Matt Westfall, Brad Hess, and Jeff Babcock... 
Snoop Dogg  was one of the stars to support Matt Barnes charity football game in LA on Sunday 
Oh look. There's TWRP for the Moto G 3rd Gen already. 
Okay time to attempt the Zelda I's 2nd Dungeon square! An A rank will net me a Heart Container for Ruto. 
Kendrick Lamar getting all 11 Grammys on Sunday would be the best birthday gift ever..... 
Get your tickets to see Seinfeld He can still make you laugh.  He's performing next Friday! 
The bulls are back! @user what seed do you think the bulls can finish assuming a 75% rose comes back by March 
Joakim Noah may have grown up in France, but he was still a big fan of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg 
trying to make friday night plans and i'm just getting texts from everyone being like "yo it's beyonce's bday let's turn up" 
Premier League Team of the Week: Van Persie makes cut for 10th time this season as Szczesny, Evans & Ashley Young star 
Arsenal to make improved bid for Juventus striker ... 
Early upload of Minecraft, this week, since I'm going to be away from the computer essentially all day tomorrow! 
@user 4 days he has so hopefully this Cloud will be gone for when Brad dons the Maillot Jaune on Sunday my friend. #peepotB 
COME SUPPORT BALLARD FIELD HOCKEY in the SEMI-FINALS tomorrow at 7:15 at bellarmine! #bruinfam #studentsection #loudandproud 
Best of luck to @user and Nicki doing the #RainbowRun tomorrow morning!! Have fun and get colourful! #sundayfunday 
I hope that John Cena wins the wwe world heavyweight champion for the 16th time &amp; Seth Rollins is right the future is now. #titlefortitle 
On the train to the Capital for the Edinburgh Derby. C'Mon the #Hearts #Believe #HMFC #ThePrideOfEdinburgh #HeartofMidlothian 
I live in hope that Diane Keaton in Baby Boom will be on my Sunday afternoon TV screen some day soon. Man alive I love that film. 
Who's ready for 0.12.1 Build 12 Tomorrow, Might be the last build till it come to iOS ! 
@user Oh my god! Nah man! Luckily its not until this Saturday :) Think someone said to me its the nickname for St Patricks Day? O.o 
It's Mean Girls appreciation day! It's October 3rd!  That's the day Aaron Samuels asked me what day it was...oh I... 
@user Hope you are fit for sunday, 3pts against Arsenal, better than watching the Carling Cup Final 
@user gutted.takin Mrs 2 her 1st eng game then. She loves the dive fella.cocky git! Wish u well 4rest of internationals. 
Stevie Tv is the best! 
BOOM! A Ryan Braun grand slam puts the #Brewers up 6-0 in the bottom of the 5th! #MILvsPHI 
@user Making my way through your Managing iOS and Macs 2nd Ed. book. Great read, really well done! Thanks for doing this; keep it up. 
Anyone in Calgary going to the pride parade on Sunday?  :) 
Thanks everyone for coming out to chat today. I'll be back tomorrow midday with Minecraft. 
Also @user gets into town tmrw! Sunday + Monday I'm going up to Hannibal to see her (and various other friends) at the steampunk expo. 
@user @user Without googling I can only think of a couple! Sun is shining - Bob Marley &amp; house of the rising sun! 
"Last day in Ibiza aka heaven in earth, Barcelona tomorrow #livingthegoodlife" 
OK, going to be with @user on Saturday at SM Bacolod, to meet my CRUSH!!! BOOM! XD!! hahahahqa 
"Haven't had breakfast yet, but we have already spotted Chuck Norris at the 16th Ave Church #restoringunity #NeverAgainIsNow" 
"MOVE: Invisible Children's new film from the creators of KONY 2012. Take time to look, share and be active on nov 17th! 
Jack and Jack if you see this I will dress as Miley Cyrus to my first day of college and blast Calibraska as promo  
Paul Dunne has played like a hero! Hope he wins tomorrow !! 
Good morning! 2nd day of my two day work week and then more travel tomorrow! And it's Apple event day! Yay! 
Nitemoves foam party6 going down! next saturday! 
Floyd Mayweather going to Fight Andre Berto in September thats just more money in my Pocket lol 
@user I shall be there Saturday, be prepared for me to give lap dances. I will expect a chair in the middle of the living room.." 
OMG can next Tuesday come already I want to see Justin 
@user @user seems like a pretty crafty fella.  If he thinks real hard, The Finder fee may not be necessary! 
@user ""yes! C'mon, who knows? We might run into naruto and our other friends"" turning my head with a quirky smile." 
@user Today was a Jay-Z type of the day. Who knows what tomorrow will bring? 
Reply to this tweet with any challenge you may have or any idea's that you want me to do in Minecraft and I will make sure to do all of them 
"Cannot wait to see Ant-Man and Southpaw with @user tomorrow! I need this downtime, badly!" 
@user I posted some videos just now of some of the highlights of MetLife! I will post more tomorrow when I go through everything! 
@user Did you enjoy Rock im Park? :) I was at the front = so epic! See you tomorrow in Berlin! Any surprises? ;) Linkin Park rocks! :) 
"Thursday, July 23 is National Hot Dog Day, Monica Lewinsky's birthday, and my wedding anniversary. So, that seems about right." 
And Apple goes gesture controlled gaming with Apple TV. Will the phone and iPad upgrades impress?  
Great save by Howard thought Kane got his 1st of the season then tho #EFC #COYB 
"They all want to defund Planned Parenthood."  Thank God for that. 
Can't wait to see @user on Celebrity Juice tonight! 
@user Rally tomorrow morning, Wisconsin’s going red! #WIgop #RomneyRyan2012 #ProudConservative #tcot #Commit2Mitt 
"1st time I saw Zac Brown Band @ @user Park, they opened for @user 2nite, they just covered ""Stay (Wasting Time)"". YAY!!" 
@user I ordered it from Amazon, should have it by Friday. 
"Talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the MTA yesterday. No, seriously, bulletproof design." 
@user Yes! What I mean is that especially after Michelle Obama, the 1st Lady (or, one day, man!) plays a huge role in social issues! 
"FACT: In the week after @user released his 3rd album titled ""Dirty Sprite 2"", Gucci noticed a 75% increase in flip flop sales" 
"I'm not 100% sure but if everything goes like it always does, something is gonna happen with zayn tomorrow, preferably zayn drops a single." 
Ryan Braun owns right field. 23rd home run of the year. #Brewers 
@user Cesena on the 31st is gonna be the best though ;) 
Ima be so happy if the Lakers beat the Clippers tomorrow. Ive been hearing too many loud all of a sudden clipper fans 
@user Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Biggie, Tyler the Creator, Dr Dre. If I could have a 6th I would add Ice Cube 
The Miss USA questions portion may be the funniest thing I have ever seen 
Stars aligning for Fiorina?: Carly Fiorina rolled into Iowa on Thursday with a new status: surging presidential contender.  #news 
@user Gonna see it with my shorty today and my homie tomorrow. ""Ice CUbe write the rhymes that I say""- Easy E." 
Seeing Chris Brown, Kid Ink,Omarion,Fetty Wap,Young Thug,The Migos, August Alsina &amp; Lil Kim tonight was the BEST 
@user Very nice, check out the sights Saturday ( or sneak to Disney...). Have you booked hotel/train yet?" 
"So pretty much im gonna believe that myt 10,000th tweet will come sometime tonight during the MNF game Jets at Texans on ESPN" 
If anyone wants to hook me up with dunkin on Thursday that would be fantastic- I'll even pay you 
Registered for @user grantwriting wkshp in Chelsea, QC 18 Sept.! Anyone in Gatineau going to event? Need transpo. PV me. Thanks! 
@user come see Sam smith with @user and I tomorrow 
"""""@RBKD: Rui En’s off to Macau tomorrow for the filming of Poetic Justice. And here’s a note from her :) 
One day Dean Ambrose will be WWE CHAMPION and mark April 3 2016 on your calendar #ambroseforWWECHAMPION 
At Bolton 6th form college... A Level celebrations for tonight include watching a DVD and staying in with the dog + a bottle of vodka #wild 
@user - If you let him play his game and realize you have an oversize Cammalleri and not a Todd Bertuzzi, he may bounce back. 
 i agree with ice cube 
@user @user I'm doin good!! I fell at Disneyland on Tuesday, but I'm alive! Haha. Went to a CSULB event tonight; so much fun!! 
I may just pee my pants. I am within inches of Rhonda Rousey! Gosh, she is pretty! But not as pretty as my wife. 
"Actually, I'm just ready for Taco Bell tomorrow for lunch. #fattweet" 
@user No one can hold a candle to queen coco. If she’s still doing shows in August for my wedding we HAVE to go!!! 
Jurassic Park may just be my favorite arrangement of all time. And John Williams may just be my favorite composer of all time. 
"First day of open hitting is Monday! ...check out the new facility and get some swings in from 3-4 @ The Dugout (35595 Curtis, Eastlake)" 
Tomorrow Seth Rollins's WWE title reign will surpass that of Randy Orton's at 161 days.  I saw Randy win that title live in Miami at the AAA 
"Was searching for Cyberpunk style movies I may not have seen and found one called NIRVANA w/Christopher Lambert. It's weird, I like it." 
Looking forward to rocking it out at Roma’s in Louisa on Saturday night!!!!  Hope to see everyone there!!!! No cover!! 
Lady Gaga is releasing the artRAVE stage this week and then the new music video next Saturday. Let the ARTPOP era finally begin. 
If Frank Ocean's next album is as good as the 2nd half of Pyramids then it's going to be a instant classic 
@user @user it's a huge concern..May God bless and protect Rahul Gandhi.  Please be safe &amp; get more security @user 
@user  hey Pamela! Off to Oslo tomorrow then Canada after that! We will get that drink one day! 
Ever since the 4th grade all I've wanted for Christmas was Justin Bieber. 
PST Keane delivers best MLS goal from Saturday: The Los Angeles Galaxy were on top of things early tonight again... 
You can download 0.12.0 for iOS and the show or server won't work until tomorrow be happy and SMILE MORE =) 
Don't miss the Golden Opportunity Sales Event going on at Lexus of Akron-Canton now through September 8th!... 
A3: This was probably a LONG time ago. Insurgent maybe? And meh. I am going to see Paper Towns on Sunday though!  #rqwn 
"Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George! We, at SwimFin, think it's the perfect time for George to pop on a SwimFin and... 
"STAR WARS DAY here on Sat. Hoping 2c lots of Wookies, droids &amp; ewoks but even those from the dark side R welcome! 
Excited about the bump in RAM for Raspberry Pi. Such a nice surprise for a Monday. : ) 
Fantastic pitching by David Price! 1st two get on and you got their best hitters coming up to the plate... No problem gets them all out! 
There's a 99% chance I'm going to start Hannibal tomorrow. 
RT @user I was thrilled when Melissa McCarthy won an Emmy last night. She called me today to talk about her big win. ... 
Brock Lesnar reminds fans why he can beat The Undertaker this Sunday at @user SummerSlam. 
Joe Biden came to Miami on Wednesday and sounded at times like a politician with another campaign in him 
David Beckham showed off his masculine side on Monday as he prepared to take a spin in Los Angeles on one of his vintage motorcycles. 
Bernie Sanders joined a picket line in the sun &amp; after gave a 3hr speech. I'm significantly younger &amp; exhausted from putting groceries away. 
De La Soul's Eye Know playing in Pret - the perfect Monday tonic! 
Kane &amp; Nathaniel  Kanes 1st day at infant school. Nathaniel's final year in juniors school.  #emotional 
SHATING   RT @user Celebrity Juice tonight 10pm itv2. Hurrraaaaah! its a Back to school special 
Hope the weather is like this for Ironman Wales. Lovely and sunny yet not too warm. Good luck all. May the wind be behind you all the way. 
@user Your also a WWE Pro Wrestling Fan? I hope we the ""Feud"" between The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar is over after Sun ""Summerslam""?" 
@user  IT'S your 20th birthday CHUNJI oppa!!!^^ may all your dreams come true!! wish you all the best for your FUTURE!! fighting!!! 
Monday night raw!!!! Time to play the game and hopefully Brock Lesnar will rest in tombstone city 
Giveaway time! Reply with your favorite letter for your chance to win tix to RNDM in the Mainroom tomorrow night 
"No alarms set for tomorrow, all of my animals in bed with me and I'm watching Twilight. Is this heaven?" 
"Yaaayy!! :D RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August" 
@user I've seen the Milan show on the 9th of May and it has been the best night EVER. 
Bee Gees with Fanny (Be Tender With My Love) for our Sunday listening pleasure. 
"MusicTimes&gt; Janet Jackson - Monday night in Vancouver, Janet Jackson returned to the touring circuit once again wi... 
Glad Martin showed up though. Hopefully it will work out in the long run. Get out there tomorrow night! #ThunderUp 
"I must see Paper Towns again one day, it was insanelly good !! 
Wow. If the UFC follows through with Co headliners of Mcgregor vs Aldo and the next Rousey fight both on Dec 5th... Im buying that fight!!! 
I liked a @user video from @user Mike Tyson: Floyd Mayweather lost the fight in September 12 
Real committed to watch Netflix all day Wednesday 
@user And now my 2nd favorite Red Sox beat writer is recommanding it...Cool! 
This morning there was no traffic and the person in front of me at dunkin paid for my drink :) happy friday!! 
"Who else is excited about Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee, which hits stores this Tuesday? Stop by Barnes &amp; Noble... 
@user Niam teased a song off the 5th album. such a tease..Look at Niall how cute he is.. ! little shit 
"The city of Dar es Salaam stayed up into the early hours of Friday to welcome the Super Eagles of Nigeria, who... 
Who wants MAGIC? How about our MAGICAL MOROCCO retreat, MARCH 16-21? Camels, souks, spa, GORGEOUS riad...oh and YOGA! 
Daily Skimm: I like the way you move Nice info on Bobby Jindal, 
This may be the fashionista in me (#ShaneIsMrX) but #ComradeOfTheDay is also bestowed upon New Day's &amp; Seth Rollins' ring gear. 
Done with the updates! Hurray for me!! Ahehe^_^ Now I can go to sleep. Six loads pa ang bubunuin ko tomorrow...Aja! God bless everyone:) 
Got my Dexter fix for the night. Until 2morw night Dexter Morgan. 
Just watched Undertaker vs Triple H from Mania 28. Even better the 2nd time around! 
Climbing Mount Snowdon for charity in February!! Would love for you to sponsor me (pretty please!!) :D 
Closer look at the Nike LeBron 12 What The. Coming tomorrow.  
Apparently Germany leads the way. Well done Angela Merkel.  
"I should see it """"@EditiEffiong: In October 1, Kunle Afolayan delivered what's arguably the best film out of Nollywood yet.""""" 
You know you go to Dunkin' Donuts too much when the worker there says See you tomorrow #99centIcedCoffee 
"Ant-Man starts tonight! PG-13.  Showtimes 7pm each night, 4 &amp; 7 weekends.  Monday matinee, August 17th.,  - Fried... 
RT @user WISCONSIN: Remember to Vote Tomorrow! Consider it Practice for Recalling Walker. Practice Makes Perfect. #WIunion #wirec ... 
"The price creep is real, but the 3rd generation @user Moto G is a huge step forward 
Lowering the Bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite Girl Scout Cookies. Thin Mints are criminally good. 
Just corrected a wrong in the world and listened to These Magnet Hearts by Kina Grannis for the 1st time!!. I suggest you all do the same. 
My condolences to the Amazing family of Frank Gifford... may the Holy Spirit comfort you with the knowledge that he's in heaven already! 
@user it's almost as serious as THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEN JOHN CENA DEFENDS THE WWE WORLD TITLE AT WWE SUPERSLAM!!! 
Celebrity Big Brother 2015: See the patriotic new house: Celebrity Big Brother kicks off on August 27... #Fashion 
Donald Trump - he covers all the bases. 
SO excited to see an early release of Paper Towns tomorrow and also Inside Out! Be a great day @user #UnlimitedCard 
the city of Houston is buzzing right now // Monday Night Football 
@user LMFAO! You know why they call Japan the ""Land of the Rising Sun"" right?...Cause everyone there is squinting all day long." 
listening to calibraska for probably the 17th time today :)) #CalibraskaEP @user @user 
Looking forward to going on @user tomorrow morning at 7:50 am to chat damage control for the iconic Hulk Hogan. 
should i read for my quiz tomorrow or procrastinate and just watch netflix instead? 
Ed Sheeran fucking loves Minnesota tho by the end of his Taylor swift concert, it will be his 7th time performing here, 4 of them in 1 year 
If Chris brown hits the Quan tomorrow expect my ass to run and jump on stage 
You know what? Goon may be a low brow comedy, but it was fun as hell. Go netflix it. 
taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th? most perf news i’ve heard all night. 
"Alan's Upper Room Father, may our hearts be filled with YOUR love and YOUR wisdom as we enter into this election... 
"Hi all!  I'm extending my weekend by one day!  So, please do something else life-giving Tues. night instead of yoga!  Namaste, Nancy" 
Tomorrow going to hat yai then penang :) 
On this day back in 2004 Leo Messi debuted for Barca and since he has lifted 21 trophies! Happy 10th anniversary Leo! 
@user Were going to be at Boys and Girls Club to clean tomorrow at 10am. They told us to bring boots and gloves. All are welcome. 
@user ... AND the 23rd is National Hot Dog Day ;-) 
Guysss please sponsor me and give as much as you can.. I'm climbing Mount Snowdon in Feb! 
me the first day of work: ok so I need off next Sunday I have tickets to see Seth Rollins 
Kurt Cobain solo album to be released in November.  I guess he's taking another shot at music. 
This Saturday I’ll be playing B2B with Dark-E at Sjoekoe bday bash ( Cherry Moon ). Be there!!!  Full line up:... 
@user boo hoo... In Barca at the moment! The bar doesn't open Sunday and Monday's! Go home Tuesday. #tikisad 
@user You are talking to a Wiener National Pro! My dog Kramer was 2nd fastest wiener in the west. He even had a show on Animal Planet! 
Have you dreamed about riding a hoverboard? Lexus may deliver! #hoverboard #Lexus #innovate  @user 
@user what are you doing next October 3rd?..You want to come to Disney world with me? 
They say D3 surpass BB on 6th day bcoz of Xmas holiday but forget BB has benifited from EID holidays #WOW 
No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun just made me shit my pants near the end. Amazing chaotic jazz rock piece. 
"GN everyone. PLZ pray for @user @user Saeed,Raif,Christians,Yezidis,Babies,Soldiers, THE WORLD! May God Be with you all." 
Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday is flame Only he can go that hard for 4 minutes damn 
~Sunrise Over Oregon's Bay Area~ Taken Labor Day morning at the North Bend Boardwalk, the sun just starts to make... 
i want dunkin tomorrow morning lol 
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will host the 70th Golden Globe Awards in January and, for once, I may care about an awards show! 
"University are your 2012 Queensland Premier Rugby champions, winning the Hospital Cup 46-20 over Sunnybank at Ballymore on Sunday." 
Completely agree @user Serena tanked the 2nd set to let Venus win one and then she turned it up 
My sincere condolences to Lee Soo Man's wife. May she rest in peace. 
Tomorrow: IBM #security #XForce Webinar-Evolution of Threats: Predators in the Dark Web: 
Come and visit @user Lexus vehicle display in Spinningfields to see the Lexus #NX #RCF #GSF and #LFA from today until Saturday! 
Join us for worship on Sunday 10/28 and enjoy the Dance Ministry and Joyful Noise at both services 8:45 and 10:10. 
Know what is event more exciting than the Apple event today? Bit Fest Thursday &amp; Friday? 
@user need you to tweet to all your followers that there are still Foo Fighters tickets available for MK Bowl saturday and sunday 
Watney fires 61 to win CIMB Classic: Nick Watney fired a 10-under 61 on Sunday to rally and win the CIMB Classic... 
"Greatness ""@UPROXX: Foo Fighters rick roll'd the Westboro Baptist Church Friday Night 
My shift was cancelled for tomorrow. Time watch Naruto and Cowboy Bebop all day. #Mylife 
Sheamus is going to win on Sunday since he was pinned by Randy Orton more than once since Battleground. 
Just found out that Bria and I are going to see Sam smith at the gorge tomorrow!!!!!! 
So....... I may be obsessed with Thor now .... and sorta Loki.... especially of the slash pair known as Thorki @user @user 
Monday Wisdom from Bob Marley: "Some people feel the rain, others just get wet." Let's get those galoshes on, here comes the week! 
Candy on Saturday at 12 then seeing the Boss that night with my mama... it’s going to be a great weekend 
"Batman may of been the better man in our last encounter,   but I'm a man on a mission and it's to expose you for what you really are and -- 
Got Murray at 7. Surprised but my cousin took Antonio Brown at #2. Rodgers fell to me in the 2nd. Stashed Foster away in the 7th. Love it. 
"One of the advantages to living in SC is we get to meet candidates in person, going to meet Carly Fiorina tomorrow, a competent honest woman" 
Can not wait for Jason Aldean tomorrow night with my wonderful girlfriend!!! Even better she's wearing the outfit I picked out for her!!! 
finally! tomorrow morning i get to pre-order the @user Galaxy Note 5. thanks @user 
DMV I will be Performing LIVE @ DC Star this Saturday w/ Big and the Band shout to Sunshine + Bennyt 
"--i'm already excited for Winter Jam, and it's all the way in February!" 
@user up in your neck of the woods next week. Fancy going to ACDC in MetLife on Wednesday? We have a spare tik if you're interested? 
@user the 6th edition was great too! i traveled around 5 islands in Vanuatu & New Caledonia 
Oracle really stood and delivered. Proud of how the south performed! 
[trans]TV shooting week started. 1st shoot tonight HEY HEY HEY live broadcasting. THSK will show u a new song! (a ... 
Today is 27 August meaning @user has otra today and I hope she has the bestest time ever and that Niall wears this 
"Another away victory for Milan, now in 6th position and Coppa Italia quarter finals. Not bad.....Mihalovic we the fans want more!" 
The XFactorUSA result’s show will be aired in the Philippines Tomorrow Night! @user will definitely be in the top 12! Good night! 
"When Tom Brady comes out to Public Service Announcement on Thursday night, I am 100% going to cream my pants" 
@user Yep had a fair few lol, good job didn't hurt myself there, although worth it for him, gives me something to watch on Sat nights" 
"My sermon this lovely Sunday is taken from Islam. My favorite quote from Islam is this, ""Live your life as if you... 
Catch me tomorrow on @user ; Friday on @user and @user  I'll get you ready for Daylight Saving Time! 
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger! @user Mario Williams to play Sunday post-wrist surgery: 
Snoop Dogg's son Cordell Broadus quitting @user before his 1st game proves he shouldve come to @user with me! #ForksUp 
* @user Thor's Day is SUCH a good day for #BringingTheHammerDown!  May The Farce Be With U*U!   #UUA #UUism 
AC/DC tonight...One Direction on saturday, lets get itttttt #BigOsBumping 
Dustin Johnson will be awesome until he needs a 2ft putt on the 72nd hole come Sunday. Folds like a lawn chair under pressure. #PGA 
"Frank Gifford died Sunday AM in his CT home. Family: ""We rejoice in the extraordinary life he was privileged to live...""" 
"Just saw live scores amazing effort from Dustin Johnson to be back in 1st place, not surprising  Tiger with a 75" 
Samsung unveils the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+: On Thursday, August 13, Samsung officially u... #Jailbreak 
@user | That way, the Orange Bowl would always be a part of me. I think it was a wise choice. Shit, is it Thursday yet? Game time! 
"i wake up to my dad blaring ""dirt road anthem"" by jason aldean through the house, happy sunday :-)" 
Tickets for Troy on Stub Hub for $12. Sad but if you have a youngin’, Saturday would be a great day to take them 
Tomorrow is Amazon Prime Day. FREE 30-day trial to take advantage of all the sales tomorrow. 
The new episode will be up on Friday but you can prepare by watching @user dry her pits for free on Amazon Prime. 
u2 finished USA/School starts soon &amp; for the FIRST time I sat down and played 6 acoustic tunes on Edge's Taylor Bono gave my son AMAZING #u2 
Happy birthday VOW  (the 3rd anniversary) 
"I want (and above all I NEED) to see Spring Breakers. I'm slowly dying because of waiting it to be released. Please, release it TOMORROW," 
The Ladykillers has just come on...that's all plans for Saturday afternoon cancelled then #GetGlue #TheLadykillers 
@user Tim Tebow has already had more success than over 95% of QBs who have ever been in the NFL and this is his 3rd season. ""killed""?" 
Love is like an April rain that makes the harvest grow. - Grateful Dead, Yellow Moon 
@user hey Nicki i was going to wish you happy independence on monday from Trinidad 
I hope yall not sleeping on the #Blackout Homecoming Party this Friday at Club Pulse. Shit is really bout to crinack. 
Nothing like a Merseyside Derby to start a Sunday off! Let us know your thoughts about todays big EPL Matchups! 
Google to kill single most annoying thing about browsing the Web August 28 - CNNMoney 
@user ND projected to finish 3rd in the Big East. Has a major size advantage of QU. 
1 set up and has already broken Murray in the 2nd. This is beautiful from Kevin 
@user @user I went to 2 Zootv gigs at the MCG 1 gig I was 4th row I was so close to U2 I was 25 my voice was gone yelling at U2 
"Full time. Happy days. Apologies for the tweetathon, gotta finish tomorrow's presentation now, Derby in the morning. #pizzasweats #dominos" 
The emotional rollercoaster that is watching the entire 5th season of Game of Thrones in a single day has come to an end. 
It's Wednesday! Best week in a long time. Batman, Harley, Star Wars, Saga. Ant Man toys, TONS more. Love it!! 
Wow did Carly Fiorina KICK ASS at the early debate August 6. 
"Last shift in the pub tonight, going to see Foo Fighters on Tuesday and then it's back to Stirling on Wednesday. Canny wait!" 
@user @user @user just watched the show. Great show. Couldn't agree it's about Ant-Man. See ya Thursday 
Eric Church plays new *never heard before* song about his son in Nashville July 30th. Performance HERE 
@user don't worry. The other week I got paid Wednesday, then Thursday spent most of it on a Fleetwood Mac ticket #oops #priorities 
From the very 1st pitch the Baseball Gods had the Red Sox winning that game they better make it up to us in the long run 
"I've only had 3 costumes come in tonight, and they were all Marvel.  Thor, Thor, and Wolverine. 
Nice drive lead by Chris Evans and 2 pt. conversion good to make it 14-14 7:59 left in 3rd  @user @user via @user 
So offspring were amazing and set the bar very high. Foo Fighters went over the bar last night. Now to see what Brand New do on Friday. 
If I went to the Kyle show tomorrow for my bday that would haven been like amazing dude 
Already In the El Salvador, looking forward to share knowledge with Oracle people here.  See you tomorrow! 
The republicans ask a sketchy candidate to pledge to the party and its ideas, Hillary demands loyalty from anyone who may like her. 
i may be a big old grump in places children tend to be but you just can't be a grump at disneyland you're a kid too at disneyland 
"Chris Evans may be Captain America in the Avengers, but my little bro is my Captain America 
Can't wait to go to the movies on Saturday to see Final Destination 5 (: 
I liked a @user video Chris Jericho’s 1st appearance after the Royal Rumble 2002 PPV (1/2) 
Good Monday everybody! Wish we could start this morning with a little King cake.... 
Last Saturday!:) #Happy Halloween!!:)   Can someone make me an edit of Zayn Malik?:) Thanks in advance.. #hi 
Can't wait for Sat watch the blues smash that Chelsea shite then I'll be smashing it @user @user get down after game people 
Good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in Henryville, IN from the March 2nd tornado. 
@user Sanchez & Cesc are excellent additions but can't see much central def cover? Is Mascherano 3rd CB or will Pep trust the youngsters? 
I'm so impressed with Amazon Prime. I bought these DVDs yesterday and they delivered the next day on a Sunday. 
you didnt win ABDC but you won over my heart you may not know me but imma true ICONiac by heart---- 
Undertaker Officially won but we know Brock Lesnar should be the Winner watch #Raw tomorrow night ! #SumerSlam #WWE 
"""""@Women_Of_Christ: Jesus died for you, knowing you might never love Him back. THAT is true love."""" Try wed night game at SJP in jan true love" 
Congrats to Wayne Rooney for breaking the highest goal record for England. Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh... 
Stop what you're doing. Sharknado is on syfy channel. And Sharknado 3 premieres tomorrow night. Life is good 
At my final IWD event. Bring on the bubbles! #IWD 
The Donkey Show - Friday the 13th is an exciting day for the Adrienne Arsht Center of the Performing Arts in... 
Intermission FC took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers The Real Ajax on Monday night. 
briana gets her last gift tomorrow and she's probably gonna cry like a baby!! 
"so @user had WIlbon straight up making up a story about Dustin Johnson singing the 7th inning stretch last night with no correction, cool" 
@user @user @user Dongwoo’s reaction to 7th rank is just hilarious!!! xD 
In Arusha for tomorrow's annual Toyota cocktail and dinner at the HRC. Looking forward to seeing old friends and Toyota customers. 
@user @user sparks fly by Taylor swift may or may not have been in the background. It was moment I’ll never forget lol 
"It's National Hot Dog Day! Celebrate With Photos Of Celebs Eating Hot Dogs!: Happy July 23, AKA National Hot Dog Day! No doubt you've..." 
Hello from Dublin! Tomorrow we’re playing at The Button Factory. Onstage at 9, but if you come for @user at 8, you won’t regret it! 
Well, settled in to the next temporary residence. I have some very nice coworkers. Going to check out Long Beach and the apt tomorrow. 
@user Bruce Willis, Bill Murray and Ed Norton all in the same film. I may faint. 
Mariah Carey is actually the 2nd fittest bird of all time 
FYI Philly's top spots to celebrate National Ice Cream Day: July 19th is National Ice Cream Day and the Philad... 
I may have screamed when I saw this in the Nike store 
Can't wait to see Eric church, Kenny Chesney  Brantley Gilbert and chase rice tomorrow with @user ! 
@user I’m going to Hong Kong during that time and mamA is on Nov 30. I want to see them live 
@user True, right now they have the best squad. But if Milan can pull a few transfers right in January, there's hope for top 3." 
@user Goodnight April all the way from Vanuatu,the south pacific! #1Love" 
"May 21 2012. The biggest day ever for Chelsea fans. One year later, May 21 2013, the biggest event on that day is the Chelsea Flower Show." 
"literally, i'll have to sprint out to the luas and sprint home thursday night coz i'll be mad to see celebrity big brother" 
I bet @user Kanye's speech!  Gonna have a lot of material for this Friday's monologue!  Trump and Kanye West!! does it get better! LOL 
Cuse game the 21st... I'm there pops! 
Seth rollins would have been a great champion if he does all things whatever he says every monday night on #raw in the middle of this ring 
So excited to go out tomorrow night with my main gals and going to watch Annabelle with a beautiful boy on Sunday evening. Yaaaay 
@user hey Lou I got a good deal on a bunker I can sell you on Nov 7th  #rightwingparanoia 
Haha.... Mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for Ticketek so that I don’t go to work (if that made any sense) just to stay home. Thanks 
Saturday Ireland stayed up to see if Conor McGregor will win. Sunday Greece stayed up to see how much it will lose. #ThisIsACoup 
"the only thing i want for my birthday is books, films and tickets to sam smith when he's coming here in december:-((((" 
@user I’m so excited for the Magic game this Friday. We play Denver so don’t un-follow me 
@user it's different from comic club, because everyone loves Batman, but not may people walk around shooting fire balls. Ya know? 
New Iron Maiden album being delivered to my work tomorrow. Bet your ass im gonna annoy the interns with that shit :D 
Congratulations! Hulk Hogan reached the end of the 1st line of his keyboard. Now we try with these letter things :) 
@user the run worked for 3 plays. great. and that drive in the 3rd when TOB took it out of glennon’s hands in the RZ? TOB being TOB 
Vinny from ICONic Boyz may have leave the group but he will still be in all ICONiac's heart.                                (Love you Vinny) 
Can't wait to go to the UGA vs. Ole Miss game on Saturday! #toomuchexcitement 
What I like about November is Thanksgiving, the Cowboys game, UT game :D but NOT Black Friday. -__- 
"...and the sun became as black as sackcloth. And the moon became as blood." - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
"The Vintage Club at Indian Wells.  Ranked 21st in the state by Golf Digest, this place was so exclusive when it... 
I know your eyes in the morning sun I feel you touch me in the pouring rain  Bee Gees 
"Tim Chaisson is heading out on an Australian Tour with his first stop in Newcastle, NSW on the 13th. His new tour... 
@user I got plenty!! Go to ICC on Saturday. @user is DJing and I'll bring you a bag. 
@user You staying up to watch Paris-Nice stage tonight? Should be exciting! 
Having a good but long time in NFL training camp #grind half day tomorrow=go time tonight 
Seeing the positive comments about Bloodborne's DLC has me even more excited for my Dark Souls series playthrough in January. 
Come out and support #RecapO tomorrow at #SilentNight on 113th and King Dr. from 4-8:30pm!!!!!!! Be the change you want to see. 
Always give music a second chance bc the 1st time I heard Ed Sheeran I didn't like it but here I am willing to give my leg to see a concert 
":D Today is Sundae, July 19 and it's National Ice Cream Day! :D From classic vanilla to avocado (yes, it exists),... 
Beyonce is probably the best female Virgo I never met, 2nd to my girl @user lol 
Bernie Sanders @user fierce voice for the working class, put some action behind his words Friday... 
@user we are from Sydney :p oh thank you!! Since you're local you should come see us play at The Lair Dec 1st!! Gonna be a HUGE show :) 
"Dunkin' Save for America's Got Talent is open. #AGT #DunkinSave I saved Gary, may the odds be ever in you favor" 
Just got my first gun. It just happens to match my FPS Russia gear. It may not be much,but it will a snake! @user 
It's cool outside and I've got AC/DC playing inside. This is how you adult on a Saturday night. 
"I liked a @user video Relive the buildup to Brock Lesnar's clash against Roman Reigns: SmackDown, March 26," 
Very interesting UCL group stage draw. #AFC should qualify 2nd at the very least. Lovely draw for Man Utd and Juventus!! :D 
im about to go to bed and tomorrow night ill be at the chris brown concert. wow i love life. 
Bob Marley vs James Brown mashup will make anyone feel good on a Dance Party Saturday on @user Goto 
"May Allah give victory to the Muslims over the oppression of the zionists, raafidha, khawarij, crusaders! ameeen!" 
@user how you gunna let Falcao and James Rodriguez beat you guys on Saturday? Lol good stuff brutha keep it up 
My friends and family knew about my crush for my 1st love in Kpop. It came to the point that my school org got to know about it too. lol 
"enjoying some @user for lunch today because it's Friday, and I'm finally finished with Thanksgiving leftovers :)" 
"Beer tech and game night tonight, Star Wars tomorrow, entrepreneurs in jeans on Wednesday. No plans for NYE -I'm in Israel and don't party" 
on friday I'm going to make chelsea's day but she doesn't know it 
@user I would agree. Given that Milan are 6th, it's fair to say they'd be a top 3 side.-MS" 
"Admit it. You may hate John Cena, but you know you miss his U.S. open challenges!" 
they don't have the 2nd episode of AHS on demand so i'm gonna watch the 1st episode again. lmao 
"A huge and very special thank you to the amazing @user if you haven't seen his show yet, catch Christians last show on Sunday" 
Going to Olive Garden with my family! So happy it’s my 15th Birthday! 
"My professor plays a ""jammie jam"" w/ every new lecture topic. Today it was Changes by David Bowie. My 1st thought was ""this was in Shrek""..." 
We are no way losing it! C'mon you little monsters ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
@user I hope not! Not a cloud in the sky so far! Travelling to Split tomorrow then in Hvar next couple of days.. how're you getting on? 
Houston peeps: Go see Rumours (Fleetwood Mac cover band from Los Angeles) at @user on Saturday.  You won't regret it. 
Paper Towns is out the 17th and were going okay @user 
First day filming on Dancing on Ice tomorrow, should be interesting. 
Shakedown is at Toads this Saturday playing the best of the Grateful Dead.  tickets are still available.... 
well Migos, Fetty Wap, Omarian, Kid Ink, August Alsina, Young Thug, and CHRIS BROWN put on quite the show last night 
"Game V Bolton on the 31st looking forward to it, not played a competitive match in ages!6B5" 
Kim Kardashian launches Kimojis including image of her bum: It may just be the ideal last-minute... Daily Mail UK 
BERLIN, Aug 30 (Reuters) - Manchester City made it four wins in a row this season in the Premier League while Italy's Juventus recorded 
Tomorrow is the day we’ll beat justin biebers vevo record and earn our title back! :) :) 
People worried about david price pitching tomorrow but they seem to forget we own the guy #NYY 
I may or may not have just DVR'd the Sharknado trilogy for Saturday. Can't wait to see what the hype is about. #sorrynotsorry 
I hadn't seen @user cry until today at our 5pm showing of Magic Mike XXL (was my 3rd time seeing it &amp; I would again) 
"Just like Peyton or Montana or Rogers or Andrew luck, Tom Brady may not have 4 SBs but no matter where he was drafted Brady was gonna win" 
i hear march madness &amp; think about that flip chris brown did dancing to this song smh dope af 
"Wondering how to spend this wet and windy Friday evening? Come and see the magnificent Cate Blanchett in Carol, showing at 7.45." 
@user @user Could happen again tomorrow night - with crazy Zac Brown Band fans 
Piss easy job analysing on MOTD2. They just repeat what Gary Neville says on Super Sunday. 
"I liked a @user video from @user Adult Minecraft? Meet ""The Tomorrow Children"" PS4 with Q-Games" 
@user I want too But it is the same night at Nuit Blanche. I will make an appearance hopefully. Miss you too lovely. 
"I can't wait for the Diamond Is Unbreakable anime in April, looking forward to seeing ""anime David Bowie"" get a raging hard on for hands" 
See Robbie Keane jumping off the bench claiming that 4th goal!! #greathattickfromrobbie 
@user Give it 10 years love, Blink'll be selling out Wembley on their 30th anniversary tour and 1D will be presenting Blue Peter :)" 
I cut 6th period just so kevin didnt have to be in art by himself, im such a good friend! 
Can't wait to go see Jason Aldean this Saturday at the Rose Bowl! Let me now if you're gonna be there to pregame! #JasonAldean #KennyChesney 
@user Well you better be dancing on the 25th! :D No but you went cray at Niggas In Paris. :)) I FEEL LIKE DEATH. 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day! How are you going to spend it? #bloggerperks #igotitfree 
"Dustin Johnson was in the final group Sunday, shot 75, and today he and Jim Furyk are paired 12 games before the final group @user 
@user you gonna get the iron maiden album on Friday 
Cool for the summer Good for you Lean on  Bad Blood See you again  
@user BR’s amazing food, music & culture scene may be encased in strip malls like a baby embedded in a king cake, but it’s there. 
I'm finally going to get to see Rise Against! Who else is going to Riot Fest on Saturday?! 
#FF @user - not just for the drinks but for Jay-Z's 99 problems! 99 problems that we may just ponder about at some point in our lives! 
"I want it to be Friday and to listen to Calibraska, each day more proud of jack and jack" 
Northern Lights Sale on Thursday; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue! Genomics the full packages! View catalogue online! 
Dropped Joel at JFK for Birthright trip to Israel. Tomorrow the rest of us off to Florida to see family and friends.  Merry XMAS! 
Bob Marley vs Funkstar de Luxe ~ Sun is Shining (Extended Club Mix) Gonna be a Hot One this weekend in the UK.  
El Classico, a few minutes of Louis Walsh crying about something then Homeland, not a bad Sunday nights viewing 
Enjoyed the FLOTUS today in FL! @user u r BRILLIANT...simply put! Glad I voted Saturday #Obama2012 #DUVAL 
Ranger game on Aug 18 during the day! Anyone wanna go? Lexus club level :-) 
If you missed it, Secret Rebel Base celebrate May 4th by celebrating Ralph McQuarrie: #starwars #may4thbewithyou 
Currently in Egypt & looking 4 a decent website to watch Everton tonight! Ideas most welcome cheers COYB 
Getting the our look ready for the Pride Parade this Sunday in Calgary. 
We just got our 1st #review on google+  Be the next! #socent  
@user Liam please follow me for my birthday on the 3rd! Love ya! c: 
My feeling about fears is, if you voice your fears, they may come true. I’m superstitious enough to believe that. - Meryl Streep 
Transgender is a difficult subject but it has been timed well with the Caitlyn Jenner thing so that may give it some appeal. 
@user Come and enjoy Java Jazz on the Move @user Jan 28th ... | -- Serpong jauh, cyinn! :P 
ABC has @user , and the Country Music Awards, they may still have a little credibility come Wednesday. #tcot 
"4th week running going out tonight hahaha, gay nights are so good" 
Rachel and I are going to ihop tomorrow and shes going to see exactly how much food I can eat in one sitting 
With his consistency in playing great tennis, i am sure Federer will crush Gasquet in the QF. C'mon Federer!! 
@user @user just booking my tickets for Thursday night but i am spoilt for choice, enough seats left to get in with Milan!" 
Sunday dinner, Mersey side derby and Man u Chelsea. Decent day ahead 
@user you and Matt and Alex. (: no school thurs or fri. 
"'Floyd Mayweather to face Berto on 12 September.' Good luck, Bert. Is that why you've been on the 2:5 diet?" 
If you wanna watch #apple unveil their new iPhones, a new huge iPad, and a revamped Apple TV then go here: 
@user at some point there may be a Snoop Dogg one since the man himself expressed interest, announcer packs are the dopest 
@user This may end up being more beneficial to us with Cofield playing more naturally at the end spot & Baker clogging up the middle. 
I liked a @user video Sen. Bernie Sanders: What would you DO as President? 1st Campaign Interview - Ed 
Even though Nike is 10x better than Adidas I’m still going to the Adidas employee store tomorrow 
"Stephen Hawking said ""This girl may like to know that in another possible universe, she and Zayn are happily married.""" 
everyone needs to watch the live streamed Sir Paul McCartney set @user is showcasing tomorrow night. can't wait to reminisce. 
@user are you still giving away tickets to see Justin on Thursday ? 
"Final Destination 5, August 24. Death how we've missed you." 
#Hot30sGo1DenTicket May the odds be ever in your favour Aussie Directioners! 
@user But trust a DJ who’s giving away TRIKSTA - all about N.O. rap scene [Choppa] on Gumbo Monday 7PM #fundingdrive2012! Bounce! 
The only person who could put this country back together &amp; reinforce it as a secular state is Donald Trump 
Goosebumps I always get before an announcement.  10AM it will be streaming on Apple's website.  Get ready! 
David Wright comes back tomorrow and that's all I really care about 
I'm laying in the sun listening to Frank Ocean and I have Hot Cheetos I'm so good right now 
Ted Nugent said it best when he was recently asked: what is America’s single worst problem? Apathy. I’d argue Ignorance is a very close 2nd. 
"Whoever The U hires as HC, Curtis at least deserves a coordinator look. Recruited SoFla well when he was there. 
I hear Rick Perry is gleefully almost beside himself with joy today, as the 1st fully formed human brain nears completion. #Upgrade 
When the Wild Wind Blows by Iron Maiden will forever be one of my fave songs. Keen for the new album on Friday! 
Wooooo Josh Hamilton just made tomorrow nights dinner plans half off @user @user walk off single in 7-6 win over @user 
"John Kasich with the goal posts gesture needs to be on front pages tomorrow. It's a gift. Make me proud, headline writers." 
The way he convinced the non muslim til they converted to islam is beautifully done. SubhanAllah may Allah bless him and grant us Jannah 
#GetWellSoonAshton Ashton come out of that bed we need you to entertain us c'mon now 
"I'm seeing Ed Sheeran tomorrow for the first time in like 2 years, I'm going to fucking explode from happiness BYE" 
My bro @user gonna take the reigns from trey burke without a dropoff and be on that stage in a few yrs. gta gt tht education 1st! 
@user Happy Birthday Beyonce!!! May God bless you and all your family very much! 
Having a long overdue CD upload session. By tomorrow my iPod will be blessed with PIL, George Harrison and Disco Inferno :) 
"Watched """"The Ladykillers"""" this afternoon. The perfect film for Saturday afternoon. Or any other time of the week." 
I been a GIANTS fan since the Kenny Lofton's 1st year in San Fran... I'm proud of that ball club 
I’m getting off work tomorrow. Then coming home to watch the Heat win and talk shit. 
"this message is for all my dear female friends, YOU ALL LOOKED PRETTY AS HELL ON EID. may you all remain pretty... 
Heading to a barbecue this weekend? July 23 is National Hot Dog Day! Try making your own hot dog buns with our... 
@user Get the app! Saturday will be here before you know it! App Store Google Play 
Today is Amazon Prime Day.  Today is the best day to buy.  July 15th only. #savemoney 
@user Dear one was driving from Newcastle. Sunday? So glad @user liked it - it was great to meet you Norelle! 
@user just finished #thegirlwho pt2,Wow! just Wow! You got a date for part 3 yet? Amazon is saying March 16 but ad says October 15? 
@user #OMG, he's comming to Mexico!! #MYWORLDTOUR!!!! I'll be on 1st LINE, #BELIEVE. JB RT Me:) 7" 
"Please be reminded that ALL proceeds from the Kickball Tournament benefits the 5th Annual """"I Know I Can"""" Back-To-School Drive Aug 25." 
@user hi Niall tomorrow is my birthday if u follow me it will be the best gift ever x3 
#Jedward wins the last at #Newmarket. Tom Segal of the Racing Post will be back tomorrow to preview every race at the #JulyFestival. #racing 
Good win for NUFC. Nine changes to Sunday’s team and still doing well. Got to keep this going now. #nufc 
some Monday night inspiration for the weird side in you - David Bowie - Blackstar via @user 
"In a reversal, Carly Fiorina now likely to make main stage at the next Republican debate: Carly Fiorina may ha... 
It's time for one last trip to the unforgiving world of Dark Souls.   April 12th. 
Movies tomorrow with Jacob :) seeing Paranormal Activity 4, hopefully I don’t pee myself ._. 
#SCtop10 Kris Bryant's snag in the top of the 2nd. Remarkable! 
here an exclusive video of the night that Armin van Buuren got the no.1 spot on the DJ MAG 100 for the 5th time... 
As if another reason was needed to love the Foo Fighters...not the 1st time they've made their stance known in KC. 
Let me be the 1st to say it... you people are about to be all over this Weeknd album. Especially the Dark Times song w/ Ed Sheeran 
"Well, this is fun: Ben Affleck addresses the #MSU football team at Thursday's practice 
Zayn was like c'mon then c'mon putting his head close to me like when you're going to have a fight then he just leaned forward &amp; kissed me 
@user i miss Kidrauhl, proud of Justin Bieber. I love you today, tomorrow and always. 
@user ""Blackstar"" is the best thing to start a Friday night. Thanks David Bowie, my Messiah, my Lord." 
justin bieber purpose+carbs+dairy confirmed better than xanax you heard it here 1st 
Lovin the presidential debate Shea Weber just leveled Evgeni Malkin, I may be on the wrong channel. z7hKP2Cd 
Padres have "3rd team cam." Naturally, there's a dude in an Arsenal kit. I don't think you can even have a block party w/o an Arsenal shirt. 
1968 Comeback Special Elvis...a tour de force! Don’t miss the show on Sunday. Tickets still available. 
"GOOD MORNING!!!  Coffee in hand, and it is FRIDAY! 
I think that Caitlyn Jenner may be the only woman in the world who is more emotional than I am. ROFLMAO! I love how genuine she is. #IAmCait 
All new Teen Mom 2 this monday, I really wanna see it. 
@user And then it's Niall on September 13, it's hard to forget!!!" 
Barclays Profit Driven by Investment Banking: LONDON--Barclays PLC (BCS) Wednesday continued to reap the rewards... 
@user @user #Surface the Florida Mall, Orlando, FL is the closest $MSFT store to me. ;-) can’t wait to be there tomorrow! 
Friday Mubarak to all Muslims all over the World. 
Beyonce is really just the 8th wonder of the world 
2 hours and 15 minutes away from Utah and Alaska. Come on over to the Maverik Center for Friday night hockey. It's Always A Good Time! 
"TONIGHT (FRIDAY!) AT UPTOWN BILL'S COFFEE HOUSE 7 pm. Victorian Christmas Concert with Curtis and Loretta,... 
I want to go to disneyland tomorrow. I'm always there tho.. it's getting creepy. Bahahaha 
Hope you're all planning to tune in to Ballet West's Breaking Pointe premiering on The CW on May 31st!!! You... 
[working on Tinder profile in case husband ever leaves me]  Strengths: 1st on the dance floor Efficient typist 90's Mariah Carey lyrics 
Heading to the #RedSox game with my beautiful wife! Consecutive Sunday Red Sox games for this guy 
@user heard great things about the audio versions of Game of Thrones (although the preferred reader did not read the 4th book) 
Just landed in Las Vegas!!! So excited to start canvassing for Obama tomorrow with @user and @user :) #GetOutTheVote 
@user they have pumpkin spice at Dunkin! But Starbucks not until the 7th! 
Dem born Venus come born Serena on top. Blessings on Blessings on Blessings.... May our children always excel and make us proud #USOpen 
International Women's Day which fall on 8 March made an international author shared tips to all the women on what makes French women so good 
I'm enjoying American Horror Story as a creepy drama now. I miss the 1st season when it was actually a horror show. 
@user Nah. Nothing wrong with it. Enjoyed the hell out of it on the PS4's beta. Keep up the great work. See ya November 6th :D 
i learn how to rap like nicki minaj tonight so that i can irritate my bf tmr after buka. 
@user @user  I was very sad to hear this. We love you Bobby Jindal and May God Bless you and protect you 
@user See you on Oct 22 ! SM BACOLOD :))) Excited ! :DD 
First the Superbowl now Revel will finally be released on DVD on Nov 24th! My day is complete!!!! Oh how I love my Bey 
@user i think you can get them there for 50...the after party at center stage should be cool, Chelsea may have another ticket for sale" 
Visiting Mariyln tomorrow with Thor then lunch with nana and Thor! :) 
"According to gamestop,  Deadpool is coming to ps4 and X1. I know some may not like the idea but I think it'll be better with better visuals" 
I can’t wait for the Sunderland vs Newcastle, 3rd best Derby in England, after Manchester and North London Derby. I’d prefer a Newcastle win 
Such a beautiful morning.. Just drove past Winter Wonderland in Hype Park! Going there Thursday with @user can't WAIT! #suchakid 
So excited for Lolla Friday because so many amazing bands will be there oh and someone named Paul McCartney??? Idk if he'll be good tho 
@user It is a bit crappy but looking better for the weekend - SJP says cold but sunny for Saturday’s trekking :-) 
@user I've read them all. I say "read", I mean "watched the BBC version". I say "watched", I mean "sat in same room as wife watching" 
@user This is like my 3rd msg about this but im dumb. Do you know kane's # anymore? i lost it. Also hope everythings good and stuff 
Im doing a cover of act like you love me tomorrow with Shawn of course. Im gong to try to make it the best i can. 
"Ant-Man was ok. Loved the action, first hour dull, 2nd hour great, villain was actually a good villain." 
Best birthday present ever! Im going to see Ed Sheeran this Thursday  #EdSheeran #AmalieArena 
@user Great what a cutie and it was nice to see your face on there omg Madonna coming back on stage 1st time I am on the internet 
@user @user @user @user We already knew the media march in ideological lockstep but it is nice of him to show it. 
I'm so excited. You don't even know! I'm going to Ohio June 20th for like a week to visit my aunt and cousins. Omggggg 
Margo from Paper Towns.  Fascinated by how she just lives d life she wants. I'm like Q but I want to be like Margo.  
Selection Monday! Right up there with Selection Sunday. #NCAAbaseball 
David Beckham and Brad Pitt pose for ultimate wedding snap at Guy Ritchie's nuptials: IT MAY have been Guy Ritchie's big day, but Dav... 
Looking forward to presenting at the @user conference tomorrow in Saratoga and getting to spend time with Jonathan Kozol again. #edchat 
RT @user @user great to meet the guys from Blue today at Nurburgring. A very cool bunch of guys! Looking forward to hear ... 
Ahhhhh I'm getting a turntable tomorrow! Shouts to Amazon Prime one day shipping! 
Kane with a brilliant finish tonight as England win 2-0 . let's hope he takes his performance into the game on Sunday 
Next person to comment below wins 4 tickets for tonight or tomorrow night's Colts game against the McAllen Thunder! 
Zarry :)  1st day of WWAT  vs  Last day of WWAT  #EMABiggestFans1D 
Also excited to see SimCity and BF3 Armored Kill during the @user conference tomorrow 
@user wake them up with the legendary Bob Marley the sun is shining 
This looks like the best live blog of Apple event today 
"Hey, did you know National Ice Cream Day is Sunday, July 19th? Make sure you take a moment to enjoy a scoop of your favorite flavor! #YUM" 
"Sunday On National Ice Cream Day the @user Hops got licked. Today, anniversary of Moon Landing @user launched a walk off HR" 
@user Good point. I also think that T. Martin leaving to USC set us back a few yrs. Pitino's 5th year at UL, he went to NIT." 
Seriously CANNOT wait to see josh Hamilton play Monday. Favorite player in the game. 
@user Just like the sun and the stars and the sea ,true love will go on through eternity.Sweetheart you are my super star.Kisses,Star 
Keep the streak going with our huge student section for our games tomorrow @ pope... Pope @ 5, Lassiter @ 6...BLACK OUT 
@user She's just following Madonna's playbook. Like A Virgin was a hit when I was in 10th grade or so--so this all looks familiar. 
Anyone want to go to Star Wars Weekends with me Saturday the 9th? It's kind of an important day and I don't want to be by myself. 
"Crew gets a fumble at the 4, Murray and the O can't punch it in. Kick a FG to make it 17-7. May be Murray's team now. Crew has been awesome." 
It's crazy how I listened to Frank Ocean again for the first time since 9th grade &amp; it's like I time skipped from 9th grade to now wtf 
but on the bright side i bought myself a ticket to see sam smith in Raleigh oct 6th 
really feeling LittleBigPlanet again so i'm gonna rebuy 3 on the PS4 tomorrow now its super cheap and transfer all my stuff from 1 and 2 
"We, Little Monsters, well, we got it!  #MTVStars Lady Gaga | Selena Gomez 
I'll be live streaming the sad Giants fans via @user this Saturday night at MetLife after @user beats the Giants again. #JAXvsNYG 
#photos Emile Heskey celebrates with team mate Ruben Zadkovich: NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA - OCTOBER 26:  ... #UberSoccer 
@user I'm not offended by whatever you may have said. I respect you and remain a Hulk Hogan fan. You're much bigger than the WWE. 
"I spent the majority of my weekend sitting in bed, editing & watching the entire 1st season of Dexter. 'Twas divine. I have no regrets." 
@user Thank you Jessica, same to you :). The sun is even out!" 
Vta scores td on 3rd drive Ledesma pass to Winans ztra point good 10-0 with 8 min left in 2nd qtr 
Acura of Oakville is proud to be taking part in the WALLS OF HOPE fundraiser tomorrow at Shoeless Joe's in... 
"Floyd Mayweather is the greatest. You may not like his attitude, but like at what this black man did in the sport of boxing. So fuck yall." 
@user Good luck then! I'd love to go to London but I'm from Spain and it's a WEDNESDAY (work), so I hope I get tickets to Milan." 
Tonight at home vs Summersville! Good luck to our boys. Play with the same fire you ended with Saturday against Thayer &amp; Alton #lovemyealges 
@user Currently 6-0 Top of the 9th. They got lucky trading for David Price.  That's one ace of a pitcher to have in the lineup. 
Salsa Sundays just don’t stop! Join your favorite Lady DJ Ms. Mar Y Soul this Sunday at Iguana for an evening of... 
"National hot dog day is tomorrow, my dream had meaning behind it" 
Ok that's funny! What would DEMs say? And you can't use Kim Kardashian in the survey 
Learn the basics  of Google Adwords: Do You Want More Clients - The Next Step. Bristol - 19 September. 
Mending the Piggy Bank | 10 FREE Children's Kindle eBooks on Amazon (September 8 Roundup) 
"Sooooo """"Out of the Woods"""" may have just turned me into a Taylor Swift fan, much like """"Closer"""" got me to finally hear Tegan &amp; Sara." 
I may be as excited for The Martian as Star Wars and Batman vs Superman, and just behind Captain America: Civil War. 
Plus the new naruto game comes out in February and I'm so unbelievably excited for that 
"Coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh was on Sunday one of the numerous spectators who watched Arsenal defe... 
"I tell Katie there’s supposed to be a good firework display in Banff this Saturday. She replies with """"oh right during the day yeah?"""" Yeah." 
@user wow your the 1st person to mention that today ha" 
@user Happy Thursday Jennette from Detroits #1 Radio station WROM Radio have a great weekend ahead We love a follow back from you 
Trifecta....Lions win...tigers win....tigers win again = a good Sunday siting on the couch. 
THEY ARE HEREEE! I’m so envy those who just met them at the KLIA especially who took pictures w Nick J :( tomorrow is my turn! 
No joke, but #MyScienceStory is that I read Jurassic Park in 3rd grade and was thereafter obsessed with biology. 
We are delighted to have bene asked to play with the Slackers in Whelans on August 7th...a great way to round off the Rebellion weekend!!!!! 
If @user doesn't get IHOP with me Friday now we is gonna have some serious problems. 
I was certainly not expecting @user to bring @user and Jay-Z to the Ville.  I may have dropped a tear or two.  Greatest show ever! 
Friday Night Lights is one of the /cutest/ shows I've seen. 
yay~ payday today, and i’ll be in austin tomorrow nite to see leonard cohen!!! i gotsa four~day weekend on my hands!! happy fukn Halloween!! 
@user Dude, c'mon. Bears are going to the Georgia Dome. That's the one place the Falcons CAN win." 
@user QUEEN can you please help me trend #biebsmeetbieberwhirls? he’s coming to my city tomorrow & i wanna try to meet him 
.@ZachLowe_NBA the Blazers have been cemented as my new 2nd-fave team based solely on how much of a Seinfeld fan Neil Olshey is. #cartwright 
Who's going to #DapperDay at Disneyland next Friday? What are you going to wear? 
@user haha you gotta give me the info tomorrow then lol 
@user  Thanks Curtis! Hope you have an awesome Friday the 13th! 
Also tomorrow. I'm streaming a actual Minecraft game so be there. Um I'll make a thing of what I'm playing 
"look, im probably the most powerful and devastating thug that can quote the entirety of U2's October album" 
'Writing's on the Wall' is the theme song for #SPECTRE. Sam Smith is the artist. Look forward to hearing it on the 25th. 
"One of the 1st jokes from the hilarious Amy Schumer at @user ""If anybody thought they were seeing 'Godspell' tonight, maybe exit left.""" 
14 years in the SEO Industry proving 1st page rankings on Google.  Free Quote. #SEO #Google #socialmedia 
i sang an Avril Lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade.. i loved her so much 
let it snow #winter #switzerland #monday #cold @ Interlaken 
I finished first at TimePlay when I saw Ant-Man tonight. I think I may have peaked. #AntMan #DreamBig 
i'm going to milan tomorrow!!! i'm so happy 
Planning on heading to the Pride Parade tomorrow? Here are all the details: #YYCPride #YYC 
"Shawn makes me so happy nobody understands, you may think you do, but you don't." 
I went and saw Paper Towns on Friday and there was this scene where they sang the Pokemon theme song and it was SOOOOO FUNNY 
"Time to start Monday Night #RAW with a typical (generic) opening promo from Seth Rollins, such greatness." 
Tonight's episode of Monday Night Raw was lit af, the Dudley boys,Ric Flair, and Sting!! Like yo wth! 
Prayer at the top of tower on top of the Hot Springs Tower Mountain at 7:30 AM tomorrow! Join us! #ShareFest2012 
"And I'm glad you're feeling much better. You're still very pale, though! A little sun..." - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
@user I admire the relationship U have with your family.  Lol iron man’s a pretty suitable costume. Good Luck Monday Go Saints! 
First football match of the season today and Foo Fighters tomorrow #IfCarlsbergDidWeekends 
Thanks @user and @user for the #sipselfie for @user - you may remember Curtis from... 
Going to the beach? Listen to Bob Marley: Kick back, relax, and enjoy the sun as Thomas H Green selects the be... 
Looking forward to Sharknado 3 tomorrow. Tara cant act her way out of a paper bag and her face can no longer show ANY emotion. I LOVE it! 
"Twitter on Monday night was chockablock with people raging about BBC bias in the Panorama hatchet job on Labour's Jeremy Corbyn." 1/2 
Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina ripped Donald Trump's incendiary remarks about Megyn Kelly on Friday night. 
Last day of work at Walgreens tomorrow! *cries tears of joy* 
@user Hello! ’re very great hope that soon may come to argentina.xx really admire you. If you can follow me!- 
@user Similarity between #Mohandas Gandhi &amp; #Narendra Modi: Have you seen Dandi March video clips? Both r working through @user pace. 
@user @user Myself and Owain are available tomorrow if you're short, though as a duo if poss as he owes me a lift. #student" 
Watching director's cut of Alien.  Maybe it will give us some ideas for Merlin tomorrow. :-) 
Sunday menu @ includes Prime Rib &amp; Grilled Pork Chops. Breakfast all day. Carly Fiorina at 1 p.m. Come see us! 
@user booked tuesday off when im home... Gunna start a career with Espanyol after goin to watch them! #BestTeaminBarcelona 
"life is good. school is okay, im probably going to see tfa with the squad tomorrow, it's nearly christmas and chris evans exists" 
@user I finally saw Ant-Man on Tuesday it was so good &amp; entertaining also I enjoyed the Spider-Man reference 
John Kasich seems well balanced and sensible compared to the rest at Thursday night's debate. I say @user won. 
"Always enjoyed it when Frank Gifford was on Monday Night Football, especially when he was teamed with Al Michaels and Dan Dierdorf." 
Park Shin Hye will have a Fan Meeting in the Philippines on March! Is it true? o.0 @user 
Praying for my nephew and his church group headed to Israel tonight.  May God protect them. #tripofalifetime 
"Wow, people really go in on the extra sugary donuts at 6:30am on a Friday. Picking up our box o' joe at Dunkin. #production" 
@user Ya I live in Tucson! Ready to taste some Lambeau grass Sun? Haha. What’s new dude I’m only 2 hrs away from you! 
"Me with a bow . Getting shipped to my boyfriends house in Milan , Paris strip club then back to his house 
All my friends actually want to go see Chris Brown this Saturday... Drink and have a good time... I think yes!!!!!! 
People may hate on Jersey Shore but honestly I love it. 
@user @user @user @user Aaliyah also known as having her 2nd album listed in Rolling Stone's best albums of the 90s 
May the best of your today be the worse off your tomorrow - Jay-Z 
I went to see Paper Towns as a way to get away from the sun and see a mindless young adult film with a happy ending. (1/2) 
I just want it to be Saturday so Amy Schumer can make me laugh and feel good about my life compared to hers. 
"Live Tweeting Thursday takes you to Nirvana's ""Incesticide"" comp. album! #Nirvana #Incesticide #LiveTweetingThursday" 
@user Is it true that Mad Man will be released on Sunday? :) 
Good morning Bomb Squad family! I hope you all have a lovely Saturday! 
@user k I am busy dancing to music. (Shawn + Jacob) so it may be hard for me to be in your notifications!! 
We are 5 minutes in on Sharknado 3 #OhHellNo and already I think this may be the most impactful movie since Schindler's List 
melinda may can lift the mjolnir and use it and she'll just say she's doing her job. *at some point Thor lifted her. yep he's dreamy* 
"RT @user I just realized the Teen Choice Awards were tonight at 8! =) I hope Rob, Kristen, and anything Twilight related wins!" 
@user exactly! Seeing Undertaker and Brock Lesnar go at it would've been my 4th grade dream come true hahaha 
"Jon Stewart on Monday Night Raw is LIT. 10/10, would hit American sweetheart JOHN CENA with metal chair again tonight." 
Watching David Price and the Blue Jays on Saturday night!! Definitely Jays Fever #letsgobluejays 
This week has me so exhausted &amp; I'm going to a Janet Jackson concert tomorrow w/ the fam. Oh mah geeeeeee 
ive been to the library twice and both times ive sat in swanky chairs watching netflix #lit #collegegoals #woo 
Heyy&lt;3 So as tomorrow's the first day of school...bye I had a good life. -.- :D #jk Sleep well and dream about Harry Potter like I will:D &lt;3 
I feel like going to see Paper Towns when it's out tomorrow 
with the Wikileaks releases yesterday, it’s only gonna help 3rd party candidates make an impact in the election. 
I have two tickets to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean for August 28th who's coming with me?!? 
Sunday is a sacred day bc that's when our lord &amp; savior Caitlyn Jenner has a new episode of #IAmCait 
"Hope you had a wonderful EID. Our next Dubsmash Compilation video will be on YouTube within Thursday, so hurry up... 
AHHH! My mom said yes for me to go the A$AP Rocky concert!! Nov 8th we out! #EXCITED 
Enjoying my 1st time on Caltrain - bikes on the 1st floor, passengers on the 2nd floor. 
Grateful Dead frontman Jerry Garcia (August 1, 1942-1995). One of the most subtle guitar players in rock &amp; roll. 
The re-release of 'In Desolate Times' is available WORLDWIDE TODAY! Including BONUS TRACKS. Grab a copy and let us know what you think! 
@user set of skills. Skills that may make me a pleasure for a woman like you. I won't go Floyd Mayweather on you but I will fornicate 
Girls Gone Wild gon be at my school Thursday shit gon be crazzzzyy make sure I be my ass on campus lol #NPU 
"Downright ready to practice at the Comcast Center next Monday. Always have loved watching Gary, Brenda and Turgeon work their magic there." 
@user @user I am so hyped for tomorrow, the clip at the end of Ant-Man was enough to get me excited" 
"Heeeeey @user and @user I would love to see the great Sir Paul McCartney on Friday at Lolla!! #SpreadTheWorld" 
My boyfriend just took us to watch a film for our 5th date - it's been dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, Batman... #jokes #poojokes #batman 
ive just heard the Edinburgh Derby has been moved to the 3rd of Jan. is this true?? but as long as its still a night time KO im happy #PYRO 
@user COSATU will be holding Alliance Rally on the 27th of October at Rustenburg,North West 2 accelerate the implementation of Marikana" 
It’s midnight on the east coast which means its @user birthday! HAPPY 20th BIRTHDAY NICK J!!!!!!!!!! <333 
Not really a Kendrick Lamar fan but he snaps in that Black Friday freestyle 
Strive Recreational Therapy has a few extra tickets for the AC/DC concert at Ford Field, Tues September 8th.... 
@user Ed Sheeran was our wedding song in April. We'd love to see him from the floor tonight! #LiveBright 
Anderson beats Murray in the 4th round #USOpen2015 excellent game. #WellPlayed. 
Christmas times reminds me of working December at the mall at Abercrombie listening to Mariah Carey all the time 
"NASCAR: Win moves Bowyer to 4th in Chase standings: Until then, he's just fine walking to Victory Lane. Bowyer a... 
"Casually walking around the house singing,dancing and yelling """"Robsten is UNBROKEN yo! October 15 2012 yo!"""" I think I’m gonna faint yo! :’)" 
Seinfeld may be one of the best shows of all time. 
Im going to the Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean Concert this Saturday!! FUCKKK YEAHSSSS 
"He was like the sun, the flowers and the moon. - Bob Dylan on George Harrison (It seems that my post has... 
iPod charged and new music loaded for tomorrow's ride with @user 
"Don't worry if you missed National Ice Cream Day, its ice cream day at our hotel every Sunday w/ our Sweet Summer... 
@user may your day be full of joy and happiness! Happy Birthday Nick J :) 
Lionel Messi may be the best player to ever grace the field!!! He is also best player of this generation hands down! 
Anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight Irene will be at 2:55 tomorrow afternoon #blackthornendmyrealhome 
Staying positive today with the talented George Harrison. Bad day? The sun always rises the next#herecomesthesun  
all my friends are going to hear about tomorrow is how good Shawn looked tonight :))) 
Season in the sun versi Nirvana rancak gak..slow rockkk... 
Frank Ocean is a lyrical genius! Fuckin poet! He may not be the best entertainer but my cousin can write some deep shit! 
"Flew out of Burbank for the 1st time. Mind blown. I'm ruined! Sorry, LAX, we're breaking up. AND @user was on my flight. WIN!" 
"Awesome final dress! So excited for Moby Dick the Musical, opening tomorrow at the DL Parsons Theatre in Northglenn! #ifyoulovemeyouwillcome" 
@user @user @user lmfao when May comes around, watch Zachary cheer for the Bulls or Celtics lololol 
Chris Pratt would go to #TrueWolverine tonight and watch Jurassic World tomorrow night! WWCPD? 
Conor McGregor breathtaking! 2nd TKO over Chad Mendes, now let's see if Jose Aldo mans the f*** up and fights you. 
Good Tuesday morning. Its the last day of the month which means at Northside in Summersville we are going to be moving cars. Come see me! 
@user ooo ... I think he's in Milan.  Are  you happy today? 
I start college tomorrow. I think today is the best day to start watching Hannibal 
@user If you have Amazon Prime, you can stream the first 2 seasons. I was hooked 1/2 way through the 1st ep. 
I side 94% with Bernie Sanders  Some of my answers may be my not fully understanding and can be brought up w/me 
When I have kids, every morning, we are all going to wake up with the sun and dance to Bob Marley like one big happy family. 
Ladies...Don't forget you drink free every THURSDAY night at Cowboys 6pm -10pm. Stuart has DJ Cuba from 8pm - Close. 
Lovely day in Edmonton. Game cancelled today. Looking forward to tomorrow. 
Tennessee is going to kill troy on Saturday! 
A lot has happened while I was away sprain-spraying my ankle. Murray has taken the 1st set 6-3 in 50 mins &amp; is up a break at 2-1 in the 2nd. 
Excited to see the Foo Fighters today but cannot be arsed for getting back early hours of the morning and being tired tomorrow 
The MiniSuit SPORTY armband lets you carry your iPhone 6 and your keys while working out: Apple Watch may be a... 
"Could you guys tweet me, 'Big Time Movie' on October 12 to remind me, thanks..." 
"cue the mountain of thinkpieces about nicki's ""aggression"" and ""internalized misogyny."" looking forward to tomorrow." 
@user Hi congress man. Your profile description is interesting. May I know the qualities of Mr. Rahul Gandhi that inspires you! 
Siapin nih..Like A G6,That What Makes You Beautiful,Just Dance,Boom Boom Pow! Ready for the day after tomorrow 
For 3 hours once a year, @user shares a birthday with @user  because its the 2nd in michigan but still the 1st in california! :D 
@user Very moving Remembrance Service with our new Minister, Rev William Heenan. For our tomorrow, they gave their today." 
My predictions for the Apple event: Apple have bought Tesla, Uber and Google cars, as of tomorrow car ownership is now a thing of the past. 
@user Andi does! She's also seen Magic Mike XXL like 6 times though, so you may just have to be your own judge 
Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean concert tonight and US Open tomorrow... Guess you can say it was an ok weekend 
@user Great round by Paul Dunne today. I enjoyed playing with him. All the best for tomorrow.  #ProudlySouthAfrican #TheOpen 
Writing up my case study so I can enjoy my weekend by going to Raleigh Friday && babysitting my favorite twi 
I just had a fantastic meal at the lovely Vanessa’s house! <3 Then off to the middle of nowhere aka New Hampshire tomorrow! 
@user I recommend going to see Behind the Mask at Laguna Hills Mall on the 30th :) 
@user I picked naruto, I'm gonna go see it tomorrow lol" 
Our Reading team &amp; National Careers Service advisers will be in the Oracle, Reading on Weds 26th from 9am to 5pm. Drop in for info &amp; advice 
"Romney’s great line about """"trickle down government"""" was coined by Gov. Mitch Daniels as early as January. Mitt uses good sources." 
It is not too late to sign your K-5th grade child up for the Little Tornadoes Reading Club at the Dover Public... 
man it better be some blens out George Mason Friday night...one of the Prettiest Big Boys in the Eastern Province will be present 
Today is the day. As Bob Marley put it The Sun is Shining. See you at 17:00 
i'm listening to nirvana and drinking wine from a mug how's your wednesday night going 
Vice President Joe Biden gave his most striking and somber answer yet on Thursday about whether he plans to run... 
Swan newbie duo Steph &amp; Bentley hit the stage tonight for another massive FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE! 
Here's to the close of another weekend and fun on National Ice Cream Day! Ready for Monday? 
"Off to see Paper Towns with my love! Also, don't forget the RHCP 18 marathon is this Thursday on @user 
It's Aug. 13th and the division-leading Jays will look to David Price for their 12th straight win tomorrow. Imagine hearing that in April. 
Matt & Trey on 60 Minutes tomorrow. I haven't been this excited for a segment since Andy Rooney learned about cordless phones. 
Now I don't have the conflict between watching Game 6 and the LSU vs. UK game on Saturday. Staying positive 
@user I have been using Moto G 2nd Gen for over a month now and it's an absolute delight. Stock Android. Good design. Best. 
"Woke up this morning, smiled with the rising sun...singing sweet songs of melodies pure and true!" - Bob Marley 
@user happy birthday Prince George. May you be blessed in the years to come. 
@user Well Curtis... you also NEED a night out in Thompsons .... need a Sunday night session again soon bro!!!!! 
AC/DC with Vintage Trouble at Gillette Stadium on Sat, 8/22! Limited tix are available at 
In 7th grade I was introduced to the book Twilight and that's the only book that kept me out of my world. 
David Wright def got his groove back on defense after a rough 1st couple games right after he returned. The Captain's looking great! #Mets 
"I may be in the minority here, but I feel like George Harrison pulled off the """"full hobo"""" look better than John Lennon." 
Down To Eugene to see the Grateful Dead (~);}  David Gans #VibeTribe #Vibes20 #friday #greenvibesstage 
Tawney and I already have plans to go to dunkin tomorrow after I move in... the addiction is real. 
"Mick Jenkins may be the best rapper alive and this is strong consideration of Kendrick,King Los,Ab-Soul,Big Sean,Vince Staples and others." 
"Having a good Sunday, sooooooo happy that college and NFL season is almost here, the weekend sucks without football!!!!" 
Exciting game Fri nite Wildcat football...not ur fault it was not a win...mayb this wk...Go Cats 
NO14 - DEN 34; Peyton and Eli may meet in the Super Bowl if both Denver and the New York Giants keep winning like they did Sunday 
Mad respect for the IAD team..its comforting to know we still have people like them around. May Allah continue to bless this project. 
"46 years ago today, New Orleans was awarded the 16th NFL franchise - and the New Orleans Saints were born!" 
National Ice Cream Day will hit the country this Sunday; several local #icecream spots plan on making it a #sweet one 
@user get back to pulling pints! Going v well. In Croatia tonight then going to island of Hvar tomorrow. Gonna be another big party. 
@user is gonna play Grateful Dead and I'm very excited about that. I would love to here him try to play some @user . Mayer may you? 
the day I went to watch Jurassic World which was the 13th of June so the next day of the release I got a call saying my aunt was pregnant ++ 
"If I can finish this final tonight, I'll be able to finally see Ant-Man tomorrow after work." 
Beingsalmankhan is wearing  Being Human  T. shirt in Po po Song of #SOS.. which is very Special thing... He is doing it 4 1st time on screen 
David Beckham scored a goal for parents Monday, striking back against all the critics who tell us they know how... 
Well the Pats now have the best Dline in the league with Hansworth Ellis and Carter. 2nd easy Is the lions 
The new iPhone is announced tomorrow. I already want it 
Federer will play another final tomorrow. This guy is just amazing. #CincyTennis 
Finally it's Sunday Funday!   Whether you were out seeing Tim McGraw or watching Conor McGregor win the fight... 
just got told I sent Bernie Sanders a birthday card Friday night. dope. 
Sunday fun day; put on a pair of sweatpants, play some Fleetwood Mac, and get RIGHT with yourself! 
"Randy Orton become the youngest World Champion of all time. #WWE  August 15th 2004, #SummerSlam. #WWE 
"The Oklahoman Editorial, Carly Fiorina may have gained the most from first debates, 8-9-15 
"Koski :: CNN amends debate criteria, Carly Fiorina may get in: The organizers of the next Republican president... 
@user you're welcome! in the words of snoop Dogg to say may our paths cross again, until the next episode, Karen ;) 
@user We do have the new Moto E however - it is similar / better spec'd than the Moto G (1st Gen) 
Dozin' at the Knick by Grateful Dead (CD, Oct-1996, 3 Discs, Arista) 
"I enjoy Kendrick for rhymes and performance. That 2nd part makes the first hazy for many, I think." 
Monday tiring you down? Pump it up with some AC/DC cover from the ladies night &amp; karaoke hosted by KJ &amp; DJ Martin... 
@user Kiryu is a VK band &amp; I will see them again in January as they're amazing live, but Juri is the VK guy or was actually..." 
@user @user Eid festival have only 3 days n some ppl celebrate for 2 days Monday was a last day of Eid 
@user better show up tomorrow against the Spurs 
@user haha I just may have to see him at rodeo this year. Thankfully it’s a Saturday!!! 
#7ThingsAboutMyBestfriend she is treating me to cookout tomorrow, first thing when I get to jacksonville.  @user 
"Nekromantix, The Black Rose Phantoms, The Spoofs and Clownvis will be performing at the House of Blues on Dec 21! I got 4 free tix! Lets go!" 
"Ok it's September 5th, the concert is over, Shawn liked 2 vines I was in, Ally pointed at me, I'm not at playlist live IM OVERWHELMED" 
Bad Blood by Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift may be my guilty pleasure of the year. I wish more mainstream pop was like this. 
Can't wait to see you guys in January at The Vamps!! @user 
From beating Sampdoria 2-0 to this. C'mon Milan get it together already. #FrosinoneMilan 
Time to think of Xmas and Panto's! If you'd like to join Earsay watch the Pantomime 10th January at Jersey Opera... 
Thank you very much Dustin Johnson. 1st round leader never in doubt! 
"Good luck tp Irishman ""Paul Dunne"" in final round of the open tomorrow.  
"Paul Dunne had some day today at St.Andrews... Brilliant achievement so far for an amateur, be great to see him stay in touch tomorrow." 
Tomorrow is gonna be like the Super Bowl for the Ravens vs. Steelers game 
Tomorrow is New 3DS + Monster Hunter 4G. it shall be a grand day. A GRAND DAY I SAY. 
@user aw I'm so happy for you guys! Tell everyone I say hi! I'll be in Hamilton Monday night for the Demi Lovato concert!! 
tae: .  me: Hello there! So my 18th birthday is coming up soon and I am a huge Tae fan. I don't know much about KPOP or anything but i wante 
TOMORROW!!!! @user will be playing at the Strawberry Festival in Watsonville from 11am - 12pm! Come out and support FTD!! 
@user I would love the audio book ’The Art Of War’ by Sun Tzu, as read by Jim White!! #MountainsAndSea 
What Apple Watch has reminded me hope it's coming sooner than March (looking at you Valentine's Day). 
@user @user - St Patricks Day with u guys on #Script3Tour Don't mind which is 1st/last as long as hear the amazin #I'm Yours 
So ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to Chapel Hill to support my favorite #WUWBB ladies @user  & @user 
@user Happy Eid . My Queen May Allah accept your deeds . And bless you 
We hope all of you vendors out there can make it out launch party next Tuesday at Warehouse 215 @ Bentley... 
Starting Sunday w/ yoga is a great start to day. Need that class @user #namaste 
2nd day back at Stockton and IHOP is the only thing that can save me and @user sounds like a normal day 
"remember when ashton tweeted me about the 1st atlanta meetup :,)" 
Finished filling out the FAFSA for this scholarship application. Hopefully it’s processed before November 15, ’cause I need it by then. 
@user I watched it 4 the 1st time & :-).  Voted 4 it in the NTA awards - best Factual program. Mite need 2 watch rest on itvplayer 
Knock knock, who's there? David Beckham with a cheque for $100,000. For one Californian family on Tuesday night, this wan't a terrible 
I'm running on the stage if Sam Smith sings Lay Me Down tomorrow 
i'll just be over here begging my dad to take me to see paul mccartney at nationwide in october... 
"HAPPY 1st BIRTHDAY kids... Inter Milan, Jordan, Kimkumkum, Lionel Messi and Milan. Thank you for your love kids 
OMFFFFG I just can't sleep it's just Monday and 12.12 AM so much time to tweet and retweet  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"Looks like we're getting the heaviest snowfall in five years tomorrow. Awesome. I'll never get tired of winter. 
15th august. The anthem still chokes me up. The flag still makes me proud. Gandhi still looks over us. Be happy& proud this Independence day 
the only time I haven't put on foundation is when I met Shawn for the 3rd time it was great 
"Some of the team are off to Artytype to finish off the Christmas magazine today! Make sure you grab your copy in the Gazette on the 14th," 
Thursday: Thor's day. Bring me your bolts your breezes your squalls your everything. We can handle it. xx 
All I see is the Seinfeld logo.  
I want to go to Disneyland either tomorrow or Monday 
@user whats her name standing back of miss usa and crowning her,she is cute and beautiful..may be more than miss usa" 
Seriously can't wait until Tuesday... Really want to make the new Batman trilogy my next purchase for myself but wondering if they're... 
Boko Haram has a new leader and he may be willing to negotiate: Chadian President - 
@user @user My favourite thing about Christmas is Slade and Mariah Carey; at least on 5+6 Dec the buses are running! 
Had dinner with David Beckham tonight. Pretty good way to end my last Sunday in London. 
"These ratings speak more to Naruto than One Piece. Not bad though, better than it usually did at 1, somehow. 
"I will record tomorrow and maybe even continue the Dark Souls playthrough. - Best regards, the Youtuber with no followers there nor here." 
"3rd hat-trick in 4 games for Ronaldo. Outrageous. Madrid imperious again tonight. Bale, James, Benzema, Modric, Kroos, Isco. Class overload." 
"#Gawker #News Nigerian Army Frees 101 Children, 77 Adults From Boko Haram: On Sunday, the Nig... #UniteBlue #Tcot" 
"Yoga teachers... are you ready?? @user Freshers... are you ready?? @user #YogaGirlsCan lands tomorrow, join us for FREE Yoga!" 
Sneak peak: This Sunday is going to be a BIG DAY in Adventure Park!  
@user Bob Marley may be evidence that cannabis makes you cool as shit. #bobmaley 
Man Utd 0 arsenal 2. Sylvain Wiltord scored as Arsenal win 2-0 at Old Trafford in the FA Cup 5th Round. 
MY BUCKET LIST: Make a yearly visit to Disneyland in late January and then hang out with my L.A. friends for a week. Posted 9-6-15. 
If you're an iPhone user like myself, new phone and more to be revealed in the next 20 minutes! Watch it live here 
I've found lyrics of Kiryu - Kaika!!! YES!!! but I've sat down to listen a song and write it already...)) 
"Keep the Sabbath, keep it holy" Ex. 20:8. God commanded us to rest 1 day EACH week! We may have 1 Labor Day, but God gives us 52 or 53! 
@user Good afternoon Ian wishing you a good day and a fun filled weekend at Paleyfest tomorrow 
People may talk ill about Sam Smith 's orientation. But I must state that his songs still remain my anthem in the morning! @user 
"Can't wait to wake up next Sunday in Cuse w/ the family enjoyin a nice big breakfast w// a lotta laughs, both for the 1st time in awhile" 
I sweeeaaaaarrrrr if Zayn is on the red carpet tomorrow at the vma's I'm gonna jump out my fucking window 
Monarchs II 2 v 1 Madras goals from @user and Capt. Teare in the 2nd half gave the second team another great win #midland #hockey #fig 
Alex Bleeker &amp; the Freaks 2 play some Grateful Dead songs Sun, Aug 9 at noon @ #OutsideLands Panhandle Stage @user @user 
When you don't know what you're wearing to DIGI &amp; it's tomorrow 
Norman Reedus I'm a huge fan of The Walking Dead is there going to be a 6th season 
Bring back the magic of Christmas!       Santa loves Julie Andrews! 
happy mean girls day. Haha get it because todays October 4th and thats when Aaron Samuels asked what day it was 
Summer school tomorrow, and Ying is all hyped up, no sleep tonight 
@user back '09 when you followed me? Club Paradise me being ratchet in the 6th row? No doesn't ring a bell? Kay. Love you! Lol 
I'll gladly accept tickets to the Colts game this Sunday 
Filming starts on Wednesday! And the second project is already in the works (hopefully). Exciting times for Karm! 
Chelsea and I might be going gym Friday?? 
Not sure how to start your publication on iOS? We'll be live helping with ask me anything sessions today and Friday 
@user aga tayo tomorrow ah. :) Good night, Ces. Love you! >:D< 
Frank ocean puttin me to sleep thinkin of the past on this Sat. night relaxin with ace and mike. But eyes on the future :) an no lookin back 
"it is, we may note, the goodness and loving-kindness of God our Savior that is the true model for Christians in our daily lives" 
"Record crowd at Expo Sep 5: (ANSA) - Milan, September 7 - A single-day record 200,919 visitors flocked to the ... 
Tomorrow night we play David Bowie music at the inauguration of his famous exhibition in the Groninger Museum -... 
@user can't wait for sunday at #Battleground randy orton is going to distroy sheamus. 
Top 5 most searched for Back-to-School topics -- the list may surprise you  @user @user #backtoschool @user 
The 1975 may as well just call it a David Bowie cover 
We declare heaven is invading NLC for October 31 outreach. Father as it is n heaven we say so it is n r outreach. Sick will be healed 
I'm going to take it one step further tomorrow as the next David Beckham. 
@user @user @user The last run I saw was against the White Sox with two outs in the 6th... Still really good streak regardless. 
"Buy my new album comming out called ""fuck you procrastination 3"" ft. Drake trey songz NWC MEEK Rick Ross. Drops in WSHH november 19 cop it!!" 
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! (and I do realize the day is almost over but it still IS Monday, March 5th, so I say it`s fine.) 
"Have a little Chris Evans, everyone. It's Friday. You deserve it. 
@user oh god, i love the water temple in twilight princess so much, it's my 2nd favourite in the game. who's your least fave boss?" 
Check this video out -- Happy Hippo - The Lions sleeps tonight via @user 
Interresting to read, except if you work for RIM or Microsoft (but it may change soon) : The Mobile Industry in Numbers 
@user I admire Michelle Obama more. Cant imagine how she survived being in a remote African village for 1st time! She deserved WH! 
National Hot Dog day is tomorrow! Celebrate w @user @user - #food #vegas #yum 
@user have you watched Four Lions? Saw it again last night, love it. Fuck mini Babybels!" 
@user Verlander is possibly ahead of CC, more SOs better ERA, but CC will bounce back after last night's outing like he always does" 
@user Equally he's d 2nd most expensive under21s(after Neymar's Barca move)&amp;3rd most expensive signing in ManU's history #MadeOfBlack 
I feel like Dustin Johnson always  has the lead early on and ... Well you know  
"Kendrick and Abel cleaning up Grammy nominations, new office with dope views, and new Latrell music on the way...big Monday" 
May have smoked a blunt with Jay-Z at the @user show last nigh trying to remember..No big deal but i want his connect shits fire !!! 
"Foo Fighters concert tomorrow. So in preparation, I'm in the gym working on those all important body parts. 
@user loving all the RNDM vids too! Will watch the rest tomorrow on Facebook after work. Thanks! 
Federer's 1st serve is just...perfect. #USOpen 
Remember the times we used to fast forward songs to Nicki's parts? Now she'll slay with a 3rd album out. Onika gurl. I love it. 
"Rainy day, got alot done tho. Registration tmrw morning! Rdy to eat din and watch Sons of Anarchy, can't wait for the new season! #stoked" 
Hopefully I feel better by tomorrow because I want to go to the Gotti concert with my friend 
Make plans to come join us at the Pride Parade tomorrow starting @ 13h!  #CapitalPride #OttawaPride #Ottawa 
Kyle Seager hits solo HR in the 6th! M's take 1-0 lead over the White Sox. 
@user Okay thank you for telling me that. God bless you and May Allah make you friends of Islam. Ameen.  @user @user 
UW going all whites for 1st time against Ducks.. Think they meant to have Autzen as part of this graphic tho? hahaha 
@user doesn't this make you love them even more RT @user SURPRISE GREEN DAY SHOW Thursday August 11th, 
@user yes . May she not make trouble in T-ara and Danee too. She still young , like me -.-" 
'what's the date?' normal people; October 13th? Swiftie's; SWIFTOBER 13TH AAAAAAH IT'S SWIFT DAY!!!! 
@user Yeah so much has changed for the 6th. Lots of combat fighting. And inventory is different. Did you do Raccoon City? 
"Fact: Google may have all the answers, but Siri is tremendously more entertaining. #observationsoflifeonearth" 
Wanna watch the iPhone announcement... LIVE? With any iOS device (Safari Browser)... watch here, starting 10 AM PST: 
"I had a really great time watching Ant-man, reminded me of the 1st time watching Iron man , where the character tries to learn who he is" 
What if tomorrow Apple is just like, "the Apple TV is now a game console and we're going to take on Sony and Microsoft (and Nintendo)" lol. 
David Letterman had an interesting show on Monday. He is located in New York City. Because of the hurricane he... 
"Nothing like starting your Saturday morning blasting U2's Where the Streets Have No Name, driving as the sun comes up!" 
Kris Bryant blasts a home run to deep left center! Bryant's 15th home run of the season. #Cubs #LetsGo 
More then excited to see my girls play Ohio State on the 9th!!!! Ready to watch  you dominate @user ! #teamND 
"I liked a @user video Stephanie McMahon, Batista and Randy Orton argue about WrestleMania: Raw, March 24," 
Who's ready to rise up with Jett and I this sunday? #riseup @ Atlanta Falcons At Georgia Dome 
That awkward moment when @user is in Disneyland and you're not.. You better be there when I go in November hint hint 
@user GEAUX TIGERS! Hope to see you wearing that purple and gold on Saturday nights in Death Valley! 
My 3rd New Years resolution is I'm not gonna cry over Justin Bieber.. He'll come to me one day 
What a amazing Monday Night Raw!! Epic ending so excited to see @user challenge Seth Rollins for the WWE Championship #RAW #WWE #Sting 
"U know it's going to be a good bachelor party when u get the bar &amp; the 1st song to come on is """"Blaze of Glory"""" Bon Jovi #notenoughbudlight" 
@user Sweden eh? How'd that come about? Not yet, SXSW will b n March. When is ur behind coming 2 the U.S.? ;) How's the little 1?" 
@user Hahahaha I i wish that it was November already so that I can go to Winter Jam. They have yet to announce the line ups. :D 
Aww Kina Grannis sang 'Mr. Sun' for all the Filipinos who suffered from floods! @user <3 
Semi-finals, then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far, we will 
"Balotelli will be Milan's most important player, for the 2nd half of the season. Remember this." 
"Red Bull may not give you wings, but the new iPad has them. #AppleEvent" 
@user Wow Kovacic and Witsel in January? Can see Milan the Scudetto winners already. 
This Wednesday is the last Twilight Race for the year at Ravenswood and will include a BBQ dinner for all riders... 
I just peed myself: Anthropologie to open Knoxville store 
After 5 days of going out this past Labor Day weekend... I'm literally relaxing this whole week and not going out until Saturday. 
@user Tenby till Monday night then st David’s hotel in Cardiff Wednesday we need it !! Haha xx 
@user Don't let the sun go down - George Michael &amp; Elton John / One sweet day - Mariah Carey &amp; Boyz II men; 
That moment when u realize u may be single handedly supporting the entire Nike corporation. But can u really ever have too much #Nike stuff? 
Morning people...Let's Kick start this Monday with this as we have Independence Day Party on Saturday. 
Spent the night crafting Bernie Sanders shirts for the rally on Saturday #Winthrop #Bernie2016 
Plenty of niggas out here that would catch a body on friday and then stay in to watch the new episode of Naruto on saturday lol 
"Do you remember Paul McCartney? That young, up &amp; comer that Kanye West discovered? He's playing the ACC on Oct 17th! Tix on sale next Friday" 
"Tomorrow's National Hot Dog Day. Except in along the Mexico-Texas border, where they're getting a free giant wiener today." 
"Woke up 100% convinced it was Saturday. Didn't love realizing it's only Thursday but labeling it ""Star Wars Day"" in my head made it better." 
Get paid next Friday so I get to buy Koko and I some food from IHOP after the game 
Refuse to go to the doctors about my concussion because I MUST see Jason Aldean Friday .. #logic #justgirlythings 
#nowplaying Bob Marley - Sun Is Shining on Surf Shack Radio, The Best Mix of Music on the Beach 
Only thing getting me through the week is seeing Tom Brady's sexy ass play on Thursday 
Shopping for the winter and it's just May. - Kanye West for President 202 
Well buzzin for the Foo Fighters on Tuesday 
Belladonna's Zylona is at Aladdin's tonight - come enjoy the show!  Hold on to your hookahs - here's directions 
"Some things never change. The sun rises every day, the @user sticking it to the White Sox feels great." 
"Kickin the Friday off with a gem of a jam Disclosure ft. Sam Smith, ""Omen"" This is gon be a classic" 
Manning says his thumb is fine. Mostly the fingernail. Sore tomorrow but will be ok. Says bye week came at good time 
’Simchat Torah Bash!’ at the Chaplains tomorrow night at 9! A night you will enjoy as much as Purim! See event for more details! 
I seen Chris brown , August ,fetty ,k camp,' migos, kid ink, Monica, lil Kim, Omarion, young thug, and teyona Taylor tonight 
@user @user Is Stadium Kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and ABs Vs Tonga game? I happen to be off duty tomorrow :-) 
"""""@dhonts7: Great to be 1st game on a Sunday..I get to watch my fave show on tv..Sarah G live"""" Magical Night with Sarah G." 
come get $1 shortstack pancakes with cassie, neds, and i tomorrow at ihop 
Ben Amos doing well @ Hull City.Another clean sheet v Charlton.He says he’s enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team f’ball. #mufc 
Paul says even though they may not have votes to defund Planned Parenthood, 'I'm going to make them vote.' 
Season 4 of Longmire Premieres tomorrow September 10 on Netflix. Great Cast &amp; Crew. I play the role of Guy. Enjoy! 
"Just finished watching """"The Bounty Hunter"""", Gerald Butler & Jennifer Aniston. Checking it out for the 2nd time around. Funny!" 
I was ballyhooing Kris Bryant from the day he was drafted. Went to Reno last August just to watch him. Hit his 19th HR for the @user today. 
Federer stays winning. Into the finals tomorrow. 
Can you believe it?! Kris Bryant and the Cubs walk off in the 9th!! 5 in a row!! Lester pitched great and we... 
had such an epic night. gonna pay for it tomorrow when Raw hits Newcastle.  #WWE #RAW 
Just got a craving for candy cane hot chocolate. Is it December yet ? 
Nike socks on like he tryna dunk on his 5th grade teacher after a pop quiz 
So tomorrow my mom is getting surgery to have her gallbladder removed. Let's just hope that both she and Ashton recover quickly and easily. 
"If the NHLPA accepts proposal, BIG if, the Canucks would start season at home Nov 3rd vs Montreal Canadiens. BjLR19gM 
Found my old iPod from like 7th grade and am now realizing I listened to some hood tunes for just a kid!! 
Thor will be with his new owners tomorrow. 
@user Best moment on air Tue.: GR " you look down on me because I don't smoke. KS "Yeah" "C'mon Gary you and me 420 and watch Serena" 
can it be Thursday yet? I wanna watch naruto 
If you enjoyed the episode on the 2nd Amendment, check out this Atlantic article on Bobby Jindal and guns:  
@user at metlife, they started later. around 8:45 i think. it was after the sun set 
We had David Price 1st in our #FanDuel projections today. His 22 pts today ties him for 10th on the list of highest SP scores this season 
@user good to read results with no side effects showing-  see they are doing 3rd trial - any possibility to get Milan into it? 
Chelsea could honestly be the 3rd Migo with me and gee, we all think alike 
@user @user  Super Duper Excited...I want Bilawal to take on Modi as well tomorrow 
Mariah Carey's Star on the Walk of Fame- It's About Damn Time! 
"I've really, really missed hearing from Green Day, it was so nice seeing the video from the Pipeline to a Cure event yesterday :')" 
@user Niall is gonna have to be my new bestie! He's way funnier than you! Hope @user doesn't see this 
I see Janet Jackson in concert this Friday. Most of you probably never heard of her. :-) #excited 
Happy for Serena. I want her to win the 22nd GS, tie Steffi and win the CYGS. @user #usopen 
I am pretty excited to be going to Indiana tomorrow! #letsgohawk #iowacheer #iowafootball 
All I wanna do is see the Foo Fighters Saturday at Wrigley.... 
"Wishing Prince George a very Happy Birthday! Mum &amp; Dad may not be looking forward to the terrible 2's, but we are! 
@user I'll send you a pic tomorrow. It's out in the garage and I'm far too comfy in my slippers watching finale of Hannibal ;) 
@user Kim Hyung Jun ! I love you ... ^^ 
"Okay, I'm going to bed. Rt for a solo DM with Shawn!! Mbf! I'll be giving them out tomorrow :)) goodnight" 
"Well well, today on Amazon you can preorder physical 3DS Shovel Knight (also PS4) for the original $19.99 price. I may get that after all." 
Dierks Bentley and Eric Church at @user Happy 22nd birthday to me! Is it July yet? 
found out I'm going to Ed Sheeran on Saturday and 2-0 in district I'm pumped 
"Lovatics loves Demi. some Lovatics bullying other fans because they spelt a word wrong, it's not their 1st language? Bullying? Wow. Just wow" 
You can come hang out with us...Incredible Art Gallery 15th and Curtis! #disney #disneyfineart #denver 
@user Bro I love the new song """"Poetic Justice"""" You’re doing great things. May God Bless" 
"Frank Gifford, the legendary sportscaster, has died, his family announced Sunday afternoon. He was 84. - Dave 
@user watch adele release it late december and block the charts... and then when she's done sam smith is coming 
If Kanye became President, folk that wrote off the masonic/illuminati symbols in he and Jay-Z's music/vids as meaningless, may think again! 
"Come and join us tomorrow, for an exciting Christmas card making demonstration with the fantastic Sue Burrows. 10am-4pm." 
"Kendrick is the most talented rapper alive, Black Friday is exhausting in a good way like HOW how do u just keep switching up like that" 
"Ears in heaven listening to Lenny Kravitz #Strut loving it, enjoyed his work since I 1st heard Mr Cab Driver" 
Amazon says it's offering more deals today than Black Friday. 8 tips for taking advantage of Amazon Prime Day: 
Body On Me - Rita Ora (feat. Chris Brown) / May J Lee Choreography   i think i pressed on the replay button too much 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. ~ Julie Andrews #motivational #quotes 
Joaquim Rodriquez may have missed out on the pink jersey but he is top of rankings by over 700 points from Tom Boonen #procycling 
@user Bobbi Kristina just favorited my tweet retweeted me and tweeted me all in the same day. she helped me to say hello 2 September 
@user try beat mp3 it may be on android i have it on ios and its fairly decent 
TUESDAY night IS BOGO FREE PIZZA!! Can't beat that. See you for DINNER!!! Brickhouse Pizzeria and Grill 
Cubs game the 26th?? Kris Bryant bobble head night!? Yes please! #Cubbies 
"The girls @user on the 4th looked awesome..chck out Splash Dance tonight, voted Best Locals Party!! Why wouldn't u be there?!" 
To set the record straight I actually like @user I finish first 1/4 of The Gospel Project this Sunday  & we went to BYU together. 
Just updated my profile to help promote the new game for the Nintendo 3DS coming out on September 25 called Animal Crossing Happy Homes! 
@user good luck this sunday night vs the 7-0 Falcons but you can win the history is on or side and Tony Romo has never lost to them 
Tomorrow I'll be at kids club orientation and then in the pit at the Sam Smith Concert.  This makes me so happy. 
Milan is the 5th team with the best form in serie A With only one loss in the last 5 games. according to #WhoScored 
@user good field for Paris-Nice. First sportive of season for me tomorrow so good weekend off and on the bike 
Is anyone trying to go with me on September 28th to see Madonna? 
May nakita akong 5SOS at The Vamps shirts! I want I want I want! 
@user @user @user good local meet Friday with iBM and Apple challenging security myths #positive # mynextbigproject? 
"To my U2 followers and everyone else,my Twitter feed is going to be full of #curling tweets until Sunday. #besttimeoftheyear @user 
@user the Sun did not win it for David Cameron.  Nicola Sturgeon is "wot won it"! 
@user @user JOHN CENA, you're my HERO, no matter what! You will get that 16th title, no matter what! Rollins is a JOKE!" 
@user GASP!! YOU’RE GOING TO THE CONCERT!!? Hope to see you tomorrow at the Big Bang concert Michelle!!! 
Going to the Red Sox game tomorrow  What I'm most looking forward to?  Post game burrito at @user by a MILE 
@user Hey! Are you really going to see WWAT film tomorrow again? :) 
People may think that it's silly of me to look at Nicki Minaj, Beyonce, Kim Kardashian as my role models BUT THEY ARE SLAYING THEIR CURVES 
Man Utd v Arsenal on Sat sees the best defence (AFC) in the league (conceded 0.67 p/game) against the best attack (Utd) (scored 2.67 p/game) 
@user  Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! *skips away singing* It's the moooost wonderful tiiiime of the yeeeeaaaar 
I'd like to thank the whole of Twitter for reminding me that Paper Towns is out tomorrow -.- 
Omg! I wish this was myself. I'm going to digi fest tomorrow..but don't have vip.  
"Kendrick's remix of J. Cole's 2014 FHD hit goes #1 for the 2nd straight week  Top Tracks: 
Bad Girls Club: Mexico...is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other. I can’t wait until monday.  |D 
I'll be at the Donald Trump rally next Monday at the AAC. 
skipping school tomorrow and going to Tennessee instead. #soundsgoodtome 
Best part about Black Friday...Thanksgiving leftovers 
@user what merch will you be selling from TVD at walker stalker con? I'm going to be there on Sunday and would love to know :) 
@user @user / Monday night football was must see TV back with Frank Gifford, Dandy Don &amp; Howard Cosell. They had the magic mixture." 
Holy sjit I'm going to see Niall dancing in front of me tomorrow 
Wonderful trilogy of chef-studio dinners - first one is tomorrow night with the chef from Paley's Place.  
@user @user Would love to have you on our show to talk about Swachh Bharat! Show is live on Thursday Oct 16. 
"Determined to share the Gospel with many Christians on Sept 30.  This is #GoEverywhere 2015.  On Sept 30, the... 
#McIlroy had a strong start in Thursday’s opening round of the Honda Classic, but the No 2 was upstaged by US Ryder Cup captain #Love III. 
Re-reading M Palin's 1st diary. Some of the most influential comedy of all time being created while IRA bombs are going off almost monthly. 
sam I just realized I'm seeing Sam smith tomorrow I'm so in love 
Time to GET NEKKID with Filter Free Friday (3/8/2012) ONLY @ THE Original Global #iPhoneography Community @ #MobiTog 
@user you can't beat a bit off Michael Jackson on a Wednesday morning #time tunnel 
Long weekend kicked off tomorrow with Jack White. Heebie jeebies 
Hello Everybody!!!How are you today?Have a Beautiful Green Day!!!! 
"how he should rejoin his companion, who was awaiting him at  Rome.    He set out, and on the Saturday evening reached the Eternal City by" 
I need to become a celebrity so I can just be like yeah I'm chilling with Juicy J today, but I'll chill with you tomorrow Snoop Dogg. 
@user Kendrick Lamar on Sunday! I’m going to rub in how good it was... 
Man United's equaliser today was superb. Hopefully we'll be seeing many Arsenal moves like that (with a shot at the end!) this season. 
"Buenos Jueves , good thursday with David Bowie thursday childhttps://youtu.be/rV29uzF_RSg 
"Fri & Sat |Hyatt Regency Indian Wells, CA & Fitz KJJZ|102.3 FM . Come join us for the Grand Re-Opening Party in... 
@user I'm gonna see Ant-man tomorrow, can't wait. (you seeeee, I'm doing theaters lol)" 
Betting on the Honey Badger: Will Tyrann Mathieu Make it to the NFL?: This Aug. 2, 2012 file photo shows LSU cor... 
Shaquille O’Neal All-Star comedy jam @ DAR Constitution Hall Sat. 8pm Nov 3, 2012 Washington DC.. Looks like it will be a great show!! 
I crushed a 7.5km run with a pace of 4'45" with Nike + iPod.  #makeitcount  #nikeplus #september : 
"Papa you need a hat" thus said one of Federer's twin girls.......congrats again for winning Cinci for the 7th time @user 
This is the first thing that ever blew me away by the Grateful Dead | Viola Lee Blues [May 2, 1970] - YouTube 
MYLUK-S have worked really hard for tomorrow's bake sale..come find us @ Eid in the Park (Maxwell park) tomorrow. :) all proceeds go2charity 
Hope everyone is out having fun at the 2012 Roncesvalles Polish Festival today and it's on tomorrow too! 
"Duck Day is tomorrow in Greenhead, (near Haltwhistle) come and see the Five Ring Circus perform at a Village fete with difference! 1pm - 4pm" 
Great article from Tim Dowling on foreign etiquette during the Olympics. His take on 'Boris Bikes' is fantastic. 
May I have Rob Pattinson with a side of Daniel Radcliffe ???(: #Please 
so i’m going round my mums friends house for food on friday and he just happens to be catering for jonathan ross’ halloween party :-) 
"And believe me. To me is normal, just like knowing that if Justin Bieber drops a video right now . it will have million views by tomorrow." 
I'm going to Milan tomorrow omg I forgot????? 
Someone PLEASE go see Zac Brown Band with me tomorrow night 
The Grateful Dead with John Mayer at Verizon Center Nov 6th.. 
Lucky i didnt go to the spurs game last night 
If Ric Flair replaces Hogan on tough enough, I may actually start watching it @user 
"ONE Fighting Championship takes place October 6 at the Singapore Indoor Stadium, this is gonna be an incredible... 
@user Beyonce (19) is soon beating (or going to tie) Madonna (20) for most VMA awarded artist. Lady Gaga is 3rd so far 
It's not really a Sunday until you've listened to some frank ocean 
This Friday! We are showing the film Magic Mike XXL in Chem 140 for FREE at 8 PM! 
@user come to day for night with us on December 20th. Death Grips, Flying Lotus, Kendrick Lamar." 
@user oh, it is, tomorrow is Jason Wu fashion show!! You would LOVE! 
@user vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the  bring back the brown sd is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow 
"What makes Monday better? Final round of @user golf championship! Scottish amateur Paul Dunne, who attended UAB, is tied for the lead." 
I'm ready for Thursday and Eric Church with @user 
Working all weekend, BUT my love is going to treat me to Olive Garden tomorrow night after work. #SpoiledGF #LoveMeSomeOG #SoSweet 
I just realized its November 1st. Which means its the first day of the new law to have open carry in Oklahoma. HAPPY OPEN CARRY DAY!!!! 
@user Shawn and the 3rd one are rly hot I'll give u that 
"Yea your mom is nice, I felt like I known her my whole life when we sat in the back of your car on our way to watch DUELO.  @user 
@user can't wait to see you in DC on Saturday! What kind of donut do you prefer so I know what to pick up at Dunkin? #iloveamerica 
omfg, tomorrow at 9 am I’m going to order tickets for 1D on Oslo the 7th of May!!!! :D 
@user        Hey mindless behavior I was at ur concert on saturday at the DAR Constitution Hall. great p 
@user he’s been my lover since 7th grade, Degrassi days!! 
I AM MUSLIM AND I AM WITH PARIS &amp; JAPAN. ARE YOU?  #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting Islamist Friday the 13th #parisinflames #ISIS Charlie Hebdo 
she gave me her Netflix password . . . I've crossed over to 3rd base. 
@user Happy Birthday Kerry. May u have a super fantastic day. Enjoy! 
Jacob u should come at the EMAs in October in Milan bc we love u 
Okay may I cry my eyes out at the bridge in I Dont Even Know Your Name (Shawn) bc that one is so awesome 
David Beckham at SoulCycle: David Beckham out and about, Los Angeles. 25 July 2015 : 9 images - show all image... 
John Cena just did more than Seth Rollins ever could to sell that match on Sunday. #SummerSlam #RAW 
Super Saturday for a Super Walk!  Thank you everyone! 
What I would give to meek K-Rod and Ryan Braun tomorrow while at the All-Star game representing the @user thanks to @user 
Lana Del Rey is playing in May ahhhh have to go, bless you @user for revealing this information x 
Sincere condolences to our friend @user &amp; family on the passing of Frank Gifford. May he rest in peace. 
I just want Friday to get here already! I'm buying Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City! ;D 
We should probably take this opportunity to inform you that the Mets have the bases loaded with 2 out in 8th and David Wright batting. 
"Kanye West would make a better president than Donald Trump. I'm just saying, also Grapple Seed will be back on monday." 
I really want @user to tweet me since I bought 4 tickets to his concert October 9th Irving Plaza NYC 
"Christine Michael is probably the 6th best RB in the division behind Murray, Mathews, Sproles, Morris, and Mostert." 
Gonna ride the Love Train tomorrow..dig it ...Soul Train...Ojays. .bad ass...do it... 
Don't Forget: FREE YOGA at our Clarendon location tomorrow at 8:30 am! Enjoy a class with one of our staff members. 
@user yep, Bestival in September. You seen the line up for #brisfest looks pretty good. De La Soul for starters. :D" 
Dreamed I was @user and I spent the night making out with Jay-Z at a Lower East Side rooftop party until the sun came up. 
Pakistan confirmed joining the Saudi Arabia's 34-nation coalition against terrorism. What a moronic foreign policy! 
@user Still have the 9th &amp; top of order!  Harper walkoff homer! 
Someone come get educated about Bernie Sanders with me on Sunday   #FeelTheBern 
In 14 years Gov. Rick Perry's conservative principles madeTX the 12th largest Global economy 
Good luck to @user and the IT team climbing Mount Snowdon tomorrow for Bristol based charity Paul's Place. Send a picture from the top 
i just saw degrassi cause i missed id on friday @user your so cute ! 
Crowes all day/night at the right tide with the right crew. Sunday papers. Grateful Dead and Bob Marley for music #capeclothconvo 
’May the Odd’s be Ever in Your Favor’ Australian Directioners. 
Star ships were made to flyyyy  #nowaynicki #congrats you passed 1st grade. 
"Deron had a cortisone shot on Friday and said he is already feeling better. After sitting out today, he said he will practice on Sunday." 
Janet Jackson remembers Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death. 
"Sun like this, after dark days, doesn't happen without a song in my head. Thank you, George Harrison." 
"Nice to see Welbeck training well in the photo , hopefully he will bag a goal or two tomorrow against Hull ! #AFCvHCFC" 
@user Hey Christopher, would you mind going to Florida, between the 21st of august to the 4th of September....thanks <3" 
Samsung's Galaxy S6 Edge+ now up for pre-order in the UK:   Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 may never come to the UK, ... 
The Stones on a Thursday morning make Adie happy. Keith Richards’ stash would make me happier. 
#songoftheday Perfect for Friday. Cool live version of Tusk from Fleetwood Mac, with marching band (song from 0:53). 
"I liked a @user video Daniel Bryan explains to Randy Orton that he needs to hug: SmackDown, January 18," 
The first Coolamon Rodeo is coming up on November 17! A great day of action and a fun day for the family! 
The Gucci hijab bye I'm crying but she looks stunning 
"Turkmenistan is the 2nd biggest producer of NG in Central Asia. 3 chief destinations for its gas are China, Iran &amp; Russia." 
@user You bet! And @user & I will have Best Seats in the House on Mon. 
Ordered some stuff off Amazon for the stream! should be here Saturday because of my free Amazon Prime trial that expires tomorrow. 
Friday's Frock is Irie's Thunderbolt Dress by GLAM! This adorable dress can be worn now with boots (now buy one... 
YES we have the NUFC vs West Brom LIVE on our tv’s Newcastle United are back at ST JAMES PARK for the 1st time in... 
Kerry wrote a freaking book! Read all about it.  
Can’t wait for January to roll around with Raylan Givens and some new episodes of Justified. #bamf 
I remember when I was so obsessed with twilight during the summer before I went to 4th grade I watched it everyday and night 
"Since today is National Ice Cream Day, does that mean that tomorrow is the observation of National Ice Cream Day?" 
See you all in the church tomorrow’s MIRACLE SERVICE at 7pm, and God will be bless you in Jesus name.  John 3:16... 
I will be participating in a Google+ Hangout with @user tomorrow!  I’m SUPER excited! Check it out: 
Did you know that 'David Bowie' was Trending Topic on Friday 20 for 4 hours in Amsterdam? #trndnl 
Thought BBC lost @user to Amazon Prime but delighted to see it back on TV for 3rd series. Period detective drama at its best! 
Yoga can help your child concentrate at school. Research shows that the deep breathing exercises may improve children's focus. 
What you should look for from Apple's September 9 event: A new version of iOS will likely arrive with those sh... 
"Two good ABs by Hosmer against Verlander tonight, even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it" 
Aaah I just noticed that shawn will only be two hours away from me tomorrow 
December 4th 2011 Curitiba, Brazil - The first and last time I saw Suicide Silence with Mitch. I’m glad I ha 
@user you said it. Im super proud of all my kids. Oldest is in 2nd year Bachelor of Education. And still plays soccer. #proudmom 
Dear us and Australian Directioners just knw tht cuz I live in Ireland doesn’t mean I knw Niall r country may see small but it’s not :) x 
Watch Brian Burke right now @user ....   he's the Parade Marshall at the Pride Parade this Sunday.... 
Never ever thought Lexus would mean so much to me freshman year... Now look where we are, senior year is Monday &amp; I love you like crazy 
Going to the Giants-Panthers game December 20 at MetLife. The Cam Newton jersey returns! 
So excited! Halloween, Ian Anderson w/my mom at the Fox Theatre on Saturday, and then ELECTION DAY, in which I will be a nervous wreck, lol! 
6. In the 7th grade I stole the janitors keys so I can go into the comp lab n print out twilight pictures for my wall 
"Sam Smith may well be doing Spectre theme, I just hope he does it as well as @user  did You Know My Name. Now that was a bond theme!" 
Me when the boys' 5th album and Zayn's album comes out  #DragMeDownPower 
"Rachael: Evening! Unleashed is ON!! Kicking off your Monday night with The Vamps, Beyonce and X Factor winner Louisa all before 8pm! x" 
@user "" Welcome to Sunday service if you hope to someday serve us We got green in our eyes, follow my Erick Sermon..."" Kanye West" 
To anyone that is going to digi tomorrow can you please tell nash that i love him... Please 
Cool couch... Sep Kamvar, Reid Hoffman, Cesar Hidalgo and John Maeda with John Hockenberry #MediaLabIO @user 
Don't miss Celebrity Big Brother starting Thursday at 9pm EXCLUSIVELY on TV3! #CBB Who do you want in the #CBB house?! 
It's of hilarious that one of the biggest ovations from Thursday was when John Kasich said he wouldn't disown his hypothetical gay son. 
Its #FreddieMercury's 69th Birthday! Many of you may have seen this, here's a rare pic of him with Michael Jackson! 
I love that #NotreDame is ranked 4th... spot light is off us, and we can roll right into the National Championship. Watch out #bama 
@user ooh yea zelda would be pretty fun. i just need to dig the disc out. i will most likely do twilight princess Wednesday. 
Today @user is truly one church in multiple locations : the desert, the mountains, the beach, Disneyland.... Have a great Sunday! 
Oomf said he going to the fair saturday to make sure i be safe lol he can be sweet ! 
god took away another angel from us today . i will forever miss and love you Curtis . may you forever rest in peace ! 
Been having so much fun in the ocean!! Can't wait for tomorrow's big waves but off to Yoga to stretch it out! Yewwww 
Can't wait to see the iPad Plus .... #Apple #AppleEvent #TimCook  
"Spain Is Winning the Gay Tourist Dollar War: Spain may not have London or Paris, but its friendly culture and ... 
about to watch Act of Valor for like the 4th time lol 
Great game by David Price and the Blue Jays!!!! #Jays Loved that 4th inning! 
I grew up to this song..didn't knew the 2nd verse is about beyonce..until now.JAY-Z - Lost One ft. Chrisette Michele 
"""""Brandon Weeden is going to be a player someday. He’s not right now"""" - Ron Jaworski just now on Sunday NFL Countdown #countdowntokickoff" 
Glass of wine and some Sam Smith as we take in the beauty of Santorini. #traveldiaries #30th #bdayvaycay 
The 3rd goal scorer of Mauritania just became Messi right there passing five defenders....aowa Bafana Bafana 
"ELTONJOHN (tribute band) TO PLAY WAYZATA -  Sat 10.11 Elton....Well almost, Bennie and the Jets, an Elton John... 
"Of the 2 Milton Keynes setlists the Foo Fighters played this past weekend, the Saturday was definitely the better one. Glad I was there" 
"ok I am Chris Evans but not that one so need to win as not got his cash , make me smile! 
It does look as if George Osborne had his 21st in the old viewing lounge at Windsor. 
@user Will you perform LIES GREED MISERY or BURN IT DOWN? I'll watch you guys on TV :D BTW see you tomorrow at Rock Im Park and M&amp;G :) 
I wish it was Sunday so I can watch Big Brother. 
If I didnt have you I'd never see the sun. #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"RT @user it's an honour to be part of @user @user Nuit Blanche schedule October 1st, 2011 one  ..." 
"It's #WWE #SummerSlam on Sunday! We make Brock Lesnar 13/8 to take out the Undertaker, who is 4/9. Full odds here: 
@user we are all too excited about Margarita day tomorrow 
K Im done lookin at Nicki Minaj's titties for 2nite..Found someone to skype with! Smiles for those late night Skype sessions.GOD BLESS WOMEN 
Conor McGregor vs Frankie Edgar may be even better than tonight's fight 
Just received Oblivion and the new Perrcy Jackson book - Reading Club get first look at them on Friday. 
"I don't want October to go :''''( Its been sucha good month; The Vampire Diaries S4, Taylor's album, the PLL Halloween episode. WOW!" 
We have added a second night of Yoga which will start this Thursday at 7:30pm! Hope to see you there! #YMCA 
Saturday night Adult Swim (Cowboy Bebop + Ghost in the Shell) reminds me how much I adore Yoko Kanno's music. Such an amazing composer. 
@user woooo I'll look into for next Wednesday, just wanna see Ben Affleck" 
De La Soul is going to be at the Cabooze on 4/27...that is going to be a great show... 
David Price is the 1st #BlueJays SP this season to record 8+ Ks in consecutive starts. 
Good luck and have fun! I'm think about ya'll in Dallas today. @user @user #Fight #Alzheimers 
"Thanks to Ryan Braun's defense, catch and guns down runner at home, Brewers get out of 1st down 3. Was 3-0 with bases loaded and no out!" 
back to Black Friday.... do u guys even hear what Kendrick Lamar is saying?!? how he says it? good gawd. 
Bernie Sanders may never fill the gap between his teeth but he will fill the gap between the rich and poor with a booming middle class. 
The plan is to go to Disneyland tomorrow and wear either an ankle brace or my acl brace to get a front of the line pass #committed 
VIP trip with Miss USA TN July 17 was awesome. Writing the book It's Christmas Again published by TATE was worth my journey. Order book now. 
Still head over heels in love with my (4th generation) iPod. Curated to the hilt. #ipod #Apple #oldtech #personalmediadevices 
Tomorrow I plan on playing BlackOps Zombies, Gears3, and maybe MW3 all day thanks to my 2day LIVE code. Anyone down for some gaming? 
Pictures of the day: 18 October 2012: A playful Amazon river dolphin, Usain Bolt’s shoes and Mick Jagger. 
@user Gina's my 4th? :) I went on Nov 19th and OMIGOD fell in love with her portrayal in 1 show!! I couldnt really get used to... 
@user I used Amazon Prime to get Harper a Pete the Cat shirt :) Wish she could have it in time for the Pete the Cat parade tomorrow. 
"I may be tired, but at least the bags under my eyes are Gucci." 
Goodnight bots! Tomorrow remember 106 & Park, MOBO Twitter chat, and David Letterman with @user Good day for the Bots! 
"Tomorrow I'm going to have my class discuss heroism, and I'm using Mikasa from Attack on Titan as an example. :3 #Otaku" 
John Kasich is crushing it tonight. He'll see a huge bump tomorrow. - undecided Republican in Cleveland Ohio 
Judging by all the book-sized packages awaiting her arrival tomorrow, our local indie bookshop owner is an Amazon Prime member. #awkward 
"And the Red sox too lol RT @user RT @user 1st Place YANKEES, WHOOHOOOOOOO, fuck yeah babyyyy!" 
@user That's asking a lot. That would mean a lot of Big East dominance and late NCAA MARCH runs. Bring it on! 
Celebrate 3rd Day of  Eid Transmission With Dj Tariq &amp; Dj Adeel 10:00 Pm To 12:00 Mn Enjoy with FM 101 HApPy EiD... 
Good morning!!   Were up bright and early to set up your Saturday morning swim down at Elton sailing club :)  8 - 11am see you lakeside 
Looking for 3 people to join my Younique team by Oct 31st. Just a few requirements: 1. Must love make up 2. Must... 
"Sunday bests: PABH, Band of Skulls, Eagles of Death Metal, 2:54, The Horrors, Me First and the Gimme Gimmes and Less Than Jake." 
@user  i misss you toooo!!! you need to come to BG on the 10th !! we are throwing Joe a surprise birthday party!! bring whoever:) 
@user sunday sunday sunday! come on down to the WWE SUPERSLAM where john cena defends hos tiitle against CMP PUUUUNK! sunday! 
"Thanks to Moomba, I've been cruising wi the Medicare since April 2011. Today I decided to finally go get it done! #abouttime" 
"Can't wait for the release date of ""The Book of Souls"" on September 4. Iron maiden is one of my favorite bands. I hope it will be good" 
'Eric Church' appeared on Friday 31 at the 16th place in the Top20 of Nashville's Trends: #trndnl 
Hopefully I have a better day tomorrow...today was just cow shit.  Well...IM GOING TO BIG BANG CONCERT SO OF COURSE IT’S GONNA BE BOMB! 
Amazing!! We may not have won the 2nd game, but it was hard fought & the sold out BCA was rockin! #PROUDTOBEATIGER :) 
Happy All Saints Day.  One of our freshman led us in beautiful Litany of the Saints today.  Tomorrow, we... 
@user If u were to consider the best supported console by 3rd parties (ex-Sega) &amp; range of games, I'd say Nintendo SNES for me :) 
All about Eden Hazard for #Chelsea's 5th goal great through ball 5-3 ! 
"it's an EXTREMELY rare occurrence when @user writes a professional column, so enjoy his frank gifford sendoff 
Buy a DG membership between Nov 1 and 30 and you could win tickets to Ballet West's The Nutcracker! 
For those of us who worked Labor Day, today was still a Tuesday, but for the rest of you folk, this was your day! 
@user Mam at this Sunday when you host raw sunday dhamaal please take Brock Lesnar's side.... ;) &lt;33 
Chelsea Clinton Is Asked About Kanye West Running for President and Her Perspective May Surprise You: Can we get through the 2016 ele... 
"Just updated my iPod with 20 new songs (Pentatonix, Cascada, Zac Brown Band &amp; Big Bang). Inspirational stuff. Hope it'll help for tomorrow." 
I guess Zayn is going to be at the VMA's tomorrow and I gotta go to bed so I can prepare myself. ZAYN WILL BE ON MY TV AGHH!! 
@user Give u r tribute to Yakub by watching the movie Black Friday 10 times :) 
Me: Jun I have a secret...  Jun: what is it?!  Me: well I'm actually...JOHN CENA!  Jun: oh my gawd... 
Today is the 28th Anniversary of Michael Jackson releasing the "Bad" album, what's your favorite song from it? 
I love the Grateful Dead. I do not love weed. Just making sure you all know this.  
Gonna be at SM Sta. Rosa today 4pm with Krissy & October 17 with Jasmine Curtis, Khalil Ramos & Enrique Gil @ MOA See youuuu 
@user hi , you are inspires me and so may fans !!!! I need you here in Brazil !!!!!! you read the casual vacany ??? 
let's just skip first period tomorrow and go eat breakfast at IHOP. 
Haven't made your plans or Friday night? Come out and hang with us The Slackers at Schooners from 7-10! Will b a great time! Bring Friends! 
"Eagles, etc. RT @user On Sunday, the real teams play (Steelers, Giants, etc)" 
I can't wait tomorrow is the big day undertaker vs Brock Lesnar for the last time ever!! #WWE #SummerSlam 
@user How fun! I went to The Bank the first night then LAX the 2nd. 
Soundset was a war between human beings and the sun but i think we won tho 
this work day needs to be over vacation starts tomorrow! first stop jason aldean with my sisters and roommate @user @user 
SEPTEMBER 5 so it means 8 days to go  before Niall's birthday huhu and 9 days to go before Cj's Birthday i miss this girl so much huhu 
Did you miss your favorite panel at Phoenix Comicon? I recorded all the headliners in HD 1st row. Watch them all #phxcc 
@user I think the relationship btw Uhuru &amp; Ruto is not plastic(its real)! They are royal &amp; trustfull as the case may be! 
C'mon we all know Seth Rollins is going to win. #WWEchampionship #RAW 
@user after Sat nights game on WHK 1420, @user is on with us, plus we have tickets to the next home game to give away! RT?" 
I like Thorburn with Copp and Halischuk on the 4th line.  Really like Thor on the 4th line. 
@user @user you must also do some learning in Islam and you may get content to your reason and logic. 
I would like to trade President’s Day and Columbus Day for the day after the Super Bowl and July 5th please. 
Netflix and Hulu stats - Seinfeld still killing it; 
i remember getting super excited to watch naruto on cartoon network when i was like in the 4th grade 
thank you ABS-CBN and BCWMH for the fantastic episode today. Tomorrow again. I can’t wait to... 
"I really like the way Josh Hamilton is swinging  the bat. More bat speed. Even though he K'd in the 3rd, he made some violent swings" 
I wish I could see Shawn on the 8th 
loveiseunhaehyuk: Oct 28, 2012 EunHae @ ICN to Nanjing ~geez were they glued at the hip the whole time (-_-?) 
Can't wait til Next week I'll be back reunited with the PS4 yall players safe til September 25th doe believe dat 
@user Can't wait to see David Wright tomorrow.  Take it easy David.  We want you around.  Welcome back. 
@user Good luck tonight @ The Teen Choice Awards :) i know Twilight is gonna take them all!! Ill b watching Xoxo 
@user @user Whoo whoo!  Happy Brithday Maddow show.  Ed, you were very ""nice"" to Republicans last night.  Rachel even thought so." 
Obama's going to @user to talk about free college. It isn't the 1st time he's used it as a backdrop: 
From the makers of the Sharknado franchise comes a new movie on Saturday called Lavalantula. I must see this. 
Banana walnut Pancakes and a side of @user sausages. Slide up to the counter for a Soda Fountain  Sunday brunch. Enjoy! 
SHARKNADO TONIGHT!!! OHMYGOD I AM SO EXCITED even though I can't watch it til Saturday... 
Holy content Batman! Not gonna get it done tonight, but early tomorrow before I leave for work, it WILL be up!  
anderson silva is fighting saturday in the ufc.  you know he can't lose. 
@user thats it, I'm calling you out. we're gonna fight. be at calle 116 at 9:55 pm on friday, if you don't show then i win by default." 
"OMG. I don't know why I'm just hearing ""Black Friday"" but J.Cole murked Kendrick big time." 
When you remember Beyonce is performing at the Global Citizen Fest :) September 26th :) 
@user I guess we’ll see how far we’ve come on Tuesday. I think, and fervently hope, that Maryland will make us proud. 
@user Hi May name is Briana nice to meet you sir! Im new and town just wanna meet some people 
Just saw that I don't have to stream the Panthers vs Packers game this Sunday #FUCKYES 
@user Federer faced the highest ranked guy in R1. His draw is tricky. So is Murray's.If Fed reaches the QFs, then he may meet Berdy. 
@user Happy Birthday! (I know it’s already Friday in Singapore, but Happy Birthday anyway!) 
Amazing points made regarding the Sufi tradition of Islam. Very kind words.#MannKiBaat 
"I don't know why but the song, Staring At The Sun by Jason Aldean makes me feel better" 
Only ONE day to go before the release of Go Set a Watchman! See you all at 8 am tomorrow... :) 
Another democratic candidate entered the race on Sunday, will VP Joe Biden follow suit?  
I’m just waiting for tomorrow because Andy is going to make a triple double! @user @user 
off to Jaipur tomorrow on behalf of unicef..Will post pictures..Early morning flight and Eid celebrations tonight. yippy. 
I'm just ready for this weekend. Tattoo Friday. Off Saturday. Jason Aldean Sunday. Only things to look forward to. 
Excited to see that Boruto: Naruto the Movie is coming out in Malaysia on the 5th of November! 
EXO & B2ST fans, do follow There may be some OTPs you ship alot there! ^^ 
Mark your calendar!  August 28 - 8 AM  Come out and meet Gov. Rick Perry!  Dawnbusters with Lexington GOP... 
"Women vote in Saudi Arabia for first time!  ""Saturday's historic elections for municipal councils marked the... 
We'll see you this Saturday for Hollywood U2! U2 cover band playing at Sagebrush with NO COVER! Get here early!... 
i literally just sat and talked to my mom about tronnor &amp; how much troye &amp; con &amp; Shawn are role models for me and showed her wild &amp; how + 
I remember seeing @user for the first time at his 10th album release party at Hammerstein Ballroom in NYC.. I was in heaven #classic 
"National Ice Cream Day arrives this Sunday, July 19th, and you can celebrate by diving mouth-first into free ice... 
Just saw Jurassic World for the 3rd time in theaters lol no regrets 
"I have tickets to see The Vamps on April 1st, should I try to do a fan project with signs to hold up?" 
Interesting: Sacha Baron Cohen to play  Freddie Mercury in the latter’s biopic 
"#11 John Isner has beaten #1 Novak Djokovic  7-6, 3-6, 7-6 in the BNP Paribas Open. Welcome to the world's top 10 #JohnIsner." 
@user Two good options, Xiaomi Mi4 and Moto G 3rd Gen, if you want dual-SIM, expandable storage, 4G, Moto G would be the way to go." 
The best thing about a Thursday night is definitely Celebrity Juice #hilarious 
#Hydrogen Car News Lexus may reveal a new hydrogen fuel cell car: Lexus has plans to reveal the new ge... #carkit 
"ICYMI: #BlueJays David Price earned his 100th career victory on Saturday against the #Orioles (7.0 IP, 3 H, 1 ER, 4 BB, 8 K)" 
The NFL lost an icon with the passing of FRANK GIFFORD. He was a legend on the field and in the MONDAY NIGHT booth! 
#Commit2Mitt Bus Tour stops: Avon Lake, Fairview Park, Mentor, Chardon & Kent.  Hope to see you there tomorrow! 
"Hats off to Paul Dunne there, played some great Golf today, deserves to be in the final grouping tomorrow. #TheOpen2015" 
@user Hello :D ,Greetings from Mexico City! When MBLAQ will come to visit the A+ Mexican fans?,is true that go to Brazil on September 7?" 
On Tuesday we are playing in St.Albans at a cheeky little venue called The Horn. If you're local then come out and support new noise x 
Morning prayer tomorrow ( wed 2nd ) at theYMCA Stoke 8.00am for Christians in the business community all are welcome join us! 
Some body come with me to the Nike outlet tomorrow 
Katy perry's last Friday night is the soundtrack to my life and I so wish i was joking 
A bit of Sunday fun, shot in Whitstable, Kent and Muscat, Oman! ’Down Poured the Heavens’: via @user 
@user @user and he was 4th top scorer in Prem last yr after Kun, Kane and Costa honestly surprised no one signed him #vhappy!" 
"Despite going off on Saturday, it looks like Ian Bennett could be fine for Wembley 
"Nash is bae, Nash is life but Skash (Skylynn and Nash) videos are just the whole package. Thursday hurry up pls @user  #NashsNewVideo" 
Great day in Minsk yesterday with time in a nearby suburb-village. Today we connected with some friends in Grodna. Heading to Kyiv tomorrow. 
Seeing Carrie Underwood on the cma’s is making me beyond excited for Saturday night, Carrie and Hunter Hayes, here we come!! :) @user 
WWE is LIVE at the Ocean Center tomorrow. See @user Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins take on Dean Ambrose &amp; More! #GetYourTicketsToday 
@user <3....But you really shiuld go to bed since you got HSPA tomorrow k babe:) I LOVE YOU!!! Mwaxhhhh:* Night<3^.^ 
"The 'Eid falls last friday, though it's done I am thankful alhamdulillah to have this additional info/knowledge. 
At Ali's new gaff and she's making me dinner whilst I watch X Factor. Tuesday just got fucking ACE. 
Photo: Understanding the Basics of Google Plus You may have heard people speaking about Google+. It is in... 
Sad thing as I learned Easter is on March 27th. Most of my friends will be gone when Batman v. Superman comes out. I wanted to go with them 
What's weird is Serena and Venus are a train ride away right now but I feel like they are goddesses who live on the sun 
ONE LAST TIME HAPPY 22ND BIRTHDAY LIAM ANd Goodnight Shawn all the love 
Speaking of, they're showing Jurassic Park there Saturday and what better way to end my last day in Chattanooga honestly 
@user @user hahah wait I really want to come out for St Patricks day! Also everyone should come to Boston for Easter/ my 21st! 
@user hello, can you help me out with Ed Sheeran info for Sep 5th ?" 
"SULTAN will Release on EID. Shoot Starts in November and ll Wrap in March.There r No Plans to Shift the Release Date ""- @user  Spokesperson" 
Don't hit the Twitter for bookings and features.. Contact ransom201beats@gmail.com GANGSTA GRILLZ SEPT 20TH WINTERS HERE!!! 
"P/ MINUTE? ""@Kops_M: So Kim Kardashian was banking $1million per minute from her emojis on Monday! Say what u want, that is the business!!!""" 
Today (July 28th ’12) is Milk Chocolate Day. Bring it on. #milkchocolateday 
@user prolly not - Magic Mike XXL comes out on September 15th and that's gonna keep me hetero through the holidays LOL 
"Students:  the practice CAHSEE will happen Nov 14 & 15 at BHS for sophomores, you will do a great job! #Drillers" 
@user Guernsey - those islanders love the G-Funk and Ice Cube covers. Over to Amsterdam in November, Belize and then Glasgow #homecoming" 
Tonight we're seeing Lee Bryce and they're already trying to get me to go with them to Zac Brown Band on Saturday 
It's Wake up Wednesday at Cambridge!  Stop by the Clubhouse for Dunkin' Donuts and juice. 
Awesome SC rejects Rahul Gandhi Citizenship row.. Now swamy will suspect on Modi.. may even say he is Congi agent to pass GST ;) 
The Giff was the main reason I once loved Monday night football. RIP USC and NFL legend Frank Gifford. 
Vh1 is going to kill friday after next 
Belated Eid Mubarak to all.  May next Eid bring about the end of tyrants of our planets.  Ameen. 
That was another dramatic episode of Big Brother! I'll be back tomorrow with more tweets! CYA! 
"Tomorrow night: gonna try to do DMs to Austin Mahone, Cody Simpson, & Alli Simpson for the people that want them! (: Late night though!" 
Get the Skinny on MetroPCS launches the Galaxy S III on October 22, price is $499: Good news for MetroPCS custom... 
#1DFacts On the 21st of February 2012, at 8:39pm on Table 74, One Direction lifted their first ever Brit Award for Best British Single 
Looking forward to next Friday, Q4 update evening & meal at Oakwood House. Hotel room booked & just need to purchase or hire a dinner suit! 
Tomorrow night at the Roxy come check out THE SATURDAYS @user you won’t be disappointed! @user 
The Earth Festival has officially started! Sage is burning and the sun seems to be shinning beautifully for us! 
Hey Steve. Texas may have signed Beltre and Toronto signed David Price. But that left Cespedes for the rest of us!! Happy Festaviss New york 
@user yeah really we'll thank you! May see you soon, hopefully coming back to DMU for a post grad in Jan. Blessings, take care!" 
"Thinking of making a ""Weasley is Our King"" poster for the Ed Sheeran concert I'm going to Saturday." 
When you're sick of waiting for a book to come in from BN so you ask your husband to order it via Amazon Prime. Yup. Getting it Saturday. 
@user cool beans :) try and let me know by the end of the day! 7pm, fri 22nd at moomba :)" 
listening to Nirvana reminds me of how cool my string orchestra teacher is. she's my 1st period &amp; I'm always pumped af to see her 
I may not like her music but Mariah Carey is the queen of shade, I worship her. 
Is anyone going to AC/DC at Ford field next Tuesday? 
"Wow! Big 24 hours for @user 1st, @user named Miss USA, now @user is named a starter for the MLB All-Star Game!! #Tulsa" 
"Can't wait for this. Curtis, keep doing your thing. Hope you get to tour over here in the UK. #ProductOfMyDna 
@user deron and Tyson Chandler... Brutal. Can't wait for lebron to stick the dagger in me tomorrow night 
only 2 more episodes left to watch of Dexter series 1! :D pay day next monday - definatly gonna purchase series 2!! 
"Thank God for Red Bull, Im gonna have to chug like 3 of them to start my day tomorrow." 
Jimmy Urine &amp; Bernie Sanders have the same sun sign as me. I'm so inspired r/n. 
Put my Michael Jackson playlist on and cleaned the hell out of my house. Gonna be a great Saturday. 
@user Do you expect tomorrow’s last lap to be action-packed like today’s NNS? A G-W-C would be interesting. #thrillingclimax 
@user on September 5th, The Finder reaches italian tv (with the worst title translation ever). FINALLY!!! :D #finder #risolutore #sky 
The @user Dance Academy is back and bigger and better than ever before! Sign up for the classes next Wednesday 
"No Matter How Painful it May Be, Doing Your Best Will Open a Path (Naruto)" 
@user Here's a pic of my son before we took him to see you at Training Camp today! He's really a Sanchez too! 
"Katy Perry's Last Friday Night speaks to me. Oh, not so with you? I get it, but....it's early, have faith, weedhoppers." 
Hannibal has been the most amazing show on NBC. I really hope they get a 4th season. Bryan Fuller is amazing #Hannibal #HannibalFinale 
Game Day Baby! I woke early thinking of Friday Night Lights!  May you play as family for the Glory of the Lord! #GoBa 
"National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow!  Sonic is doing ""Dollar"" hot dogs....the 6 inch size.....all day tomorrow.  I... 
Star Wars Day!  May the force be with you. @ Studio Movie Grill 
Minecraft account: Derosion @user Retweeted, may I wish best to all for the legend rank! 
#MeccaLive may have just shown the world what a beautiful religion Islam is 
@user Oh it was a good cry. She’s a Blake fan & was SO happy Taylor didn’t win for the 3rd year in a row. 
@user thank you mr B.Netanyahu may the Lord bless you  and family and Israel and God land's of chosen 
"To Lee Soo Man, Our deepest sympathy goes out to you &amp; your family as you struggle through the grief and sadness. May ur wife Rest in Peace" 
Great day of sun and blue skies!Great day of Sport! Paul Dunne story of the day! Aussies weren't half bad either! 
Obama's 94-year-old grandmother will be honoured for her work with Kenya's orphans at the 10th South African Traditional Music Awards 
Soaking up the last of the summer sun. Happy Labor Day! #WeDontSweatWeGlisten 
Floyd Mayweather fights Andre Burto this Saturday. All I gotta say is where all the hype at????? Lol 
"Join me Wed for a live webcast on cost optimization for IT, for the SMB crowd.  << send your questions in! #DellWebcast" 
"Congratulations to Curtis--shooting on the range on Black Friday entered him to win the SD9VE, Smith &amp; Wesson!... 
@user Today is our Chinese July 7th Valentine’s day I hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy  Happy Valentine’s Day 
@user Harper gets first chance, most seats won get 2nd chance. Easy. Harper does not play well with others, ask Danny Williams. 
#LinuxCon attendees, join IBM in the Cedar Room in 15 minutes for a "Linux Without Limits" meetup (includes lunch): 
Buzzin to see Santino, Zack Ryder, AJ and Layla turn the lights on at Braehead Tuesday hahaha #woowoowoo 
1st putter of the Bob Marley down! @ Cirque Daiquiri Bar and Grill 
Can't wait till 6pm tomorrow to come and the only recognised striker have is Kane for rest of season #TransferWindow #pullyourfingeroutlevy 
Girl Scouts will be out picking up trash through Hawley on November 3. This is just to do our part in helping keep Hawley clean. We will... 
@user Josh Bradley turns 23 tommorrow!! July 15.  Hope all is well with You!! Enjoying your music. Have some Halo-Halo! 
Thank you to IBM in Ottawa for their donation on Tuesday. The tacos went great with the chili we had on the menu at The Oaks.  #donate 
"They have some really creative things going on at Tapanco (Calle 68 and 47). For instance, this concert tomorrow... 
Normally I prefer a spot of Rammstein on a Sunday morning - perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing. 
"#yoga and bier this Saturday @user with Annamarie at 11:00!  Donation Yoga, bring $ for Bier.  All proceeds go to @user 
@user Magic Mike XXL. 4th time. If you think it's just about stripping.....you would be wrong.....#YOURbeautyisenough 
Your weekend just got a whole lot sweeter ~ today is National Ice Cream Day. C'mon downtown #GenevaIL for the BEST! 
David Wright played all 9 innings in the field for St. Lucie. Went 0-1 with three walks at the plate. Due up 6th in bottom of the 9th. #Mets 
Contrary to what you may have heard in the media, Rick Perry has a loyal, dedicated team that is committed to... 
"I am going to take a sign to Raw on Monday that says ""Hulk Hogan is my nigga."" #BelieDat" 
Just watched the whole 2nd season of AHS in less than 24 hours. I'm not even ashamed. 
@user Happy B'day in Italy :-) I know it's tomorrow but party is today! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy: we love U2 
Can’t wait to go to the WVU vs. TCU game on Saturday 
@user Sensationalism at its finest. Next thing you know we'll be hearing that Graham Harrell may take Aaron Rodgers' spot. SMH. 
@user Selena's album is coming out November 24th &amp; it's called 'For You' it'll include 2 new songs &amp; 4 old @user we poor 
"Fresh off the fight of the decade, this Saturday Floyd Mayweather is back to defend his Welterweight World Title... 
FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS!!! Here in Brownsville the match between Hanna Eagels and Rivera Raiders. 
Okay so frank ocean is performing at fyf festival whoever goes has to record the show!! August 22nd!!! 
@user I'm glad ~smiles gently~ You might slap me, but after seeing you I'm much better, Mikasa. May I accompany you?" 
@user I’m bringing you a play to read on Monday. YOU’LL READ IT AND LOVE IT. And Meryl Streep is going to be in the movie adaptation. 
@user @user I mean 6th to 2nd of course ... 2nd to Maillot Jaune tonight !!! Go Cadel !!! 
Brian #Burke will serve as grand marshal of the #Calgary Pride Parade on Sunday. 
Jay-Z and Beyonce came to Taylor's 25th but not Kim and Kanye's wedding. Imma let Taylor finish, but she had the best birthday of all time. 
@user Happy birthday!! Have a top day. And hope Everton batter Chelsea on Saturday for you haha! x 
@user @user do you know when you guys are going to Tempe the 2nd or 3rd week? Have to claim my parking spot!!! Lol 
"I feel like a kid before xmas, i cannot wait to get oneRT @user In case you missed it...Nokia N9 release date 
"just only for true Liverpudlian, download this song on iTunes IDR15.000. keep it on 1st in xmas chart! #ipho 
@user hey bc watching gc if Dustin Johnson had won a few of those majors , he would be no worse then 3rd in rankings , he's solid" 
Here's a screenshot of Tommy's 1st conversation with Big Brother inside the confession room! #PBBTommy @user 
"Today, Thursday, is National Hot Dog Day and Vanilla Ice Cream Day!  Which would you rather go with?  Who wants... 
STING RETURNS to MONDAY NIGHT RAW and challenges Seth Rollins for the WWE WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP!!! IT'S... 
the lovely @user is apparently coming to St David’s Hall in January. SWOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNN 
I just watched Jurassic World for the 3rd time, it was so good!! 
Have you been watching The Accused? Get ready for the final one (Tues) which @user wrote with Jimmy McGovern! 
Thanks to everyone who came over and played the Game of Thrones with us today. See you tomorrow! #PlayTheGame #NursingORGWhy #WeILLUMINATE 
"Hey my Charlotte, NC friends! I'm playing the Gin Mill downtown tomorrow, FRIDAY, night! Show starts around 9! Come party!" 
@user yeah that’s wha I’m doing tomorrow. Your topic seems interesting as fuck. Lol my shit is on Malcolm X. But ima just 
"I've been watching that American Horror Story, only on the 2nd season but it's really quite good.  Definitely my kind of show." 
"STS ESPN - Alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win Iditarod - Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race on Tues... 
It's our 3rd birthday! On 14.10.09 we launched with support from Cherie Blair. Here's what we've done since: 
@user I’ll see you monday :3 Fancy coming to a nerd convention in Dublin on the 10th? ;D 
My Twitter feed just blew up with the fact Paper Towns is out tomorrow 
Who watched the LSU game on last Saturday @user  was da true best 
@user pumped too see you in Tucson on the 27th dude!!! #LaceUp 
If you are in Toronto please go eat some perogies at the Polish Festival tomorrow for George and I!!!! @user 
First time going to Disney world tomorrow.  Woop woop:) 
@user Our new, delicious dishes may be alright: (Check with your doc first!) #RamenWins 
Calibraska comes out tomorrow!! I'm so excited! Can't wait to hear it!  #JackAndJack @user @user  
Congrats Ylianna Guerra for getting 1st runner up in the Miss USA Pageant!! 
"Kris Bryant is going to be 1st player to win Collegiate PoY, MiLB PoY, and an MLB RoY in consecutive seasons. Few have even done 2 of 3." 
Catching up on WWE for the week thanks to the Saturday night reruns. Seth Rollins is underappreciated. 
"Is your Pet the perfect poser? FREE to enter competition with The Gazette. Go along to Pets at Home, Squires Gate Lane, Nov 8 - 17" 
Reasons to Celebrate:  Forcing the turnovers: The game Sunday between the New York Giants and ... #nfl #nyg #giants 
Runrig @ barras tomorrow night.followed by stealing at home then Lorenzo in the Louden ...PERFECT . :-) 
Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar may just be interesting #SummerSlam #Raw 
ready to go to gay club tomorrow with my leggins and my boots and my stylish dinosaur t shirt... my sailor uranus keychain 
MVP Saturday night is gonna be my boy @user the speed on the outside and his cut back ability..LSU will have their hands full #BBN 
BACK IN BLACK by AC/DC was no.1 in the UK album charts on 18 August 1980 
Nollywood rising with October 1 Kunle Afolayan is the most important ambassador the Nigerian government does not... 
The results from the gingerbread house are....  1st: Curtis 2nd:Rothemere  3rd: Squires Come see us to claim prizes! 
"On the menu, Briana's 1st-Prize Venison Chili: I made this my first time participating in a chili c... #Good Food" 
Stuff A Bus starts tomorrow at Shawn's No Frills We have some great draws for you to enter when you visit! 
@user Good morning Niall! It's my sister's 17th birthday! A happy birthday from you would make her day ! 
Catching up with hugely enlightening docu The Ascent of Women. From last Wed on BBC 2 if u want to catch up. Shows origins of oppression. 
"With the sun on your face, Dunkin, Anna Karenina &amp; the music of @user how could anyone be in a bad mood? #relaxation #selfcare" 
Getting quite the James Bond education while eating Thanksgiving leftovers makes for a much better Black Friday than shopping would be! 
"Support Local Business! This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day, why not escape the heat and celebrate with our... 
You know Kim Kardashian may be known for her sex tape but lets admit that woman has done something. And yes she... 
@user Good evening Briana, I wish you a good Tuesday and an excellent Christmas Eve :-)" 
Wale's content may have similarities to TPAB's but the difference is Kendrick executes it EXTREMELY better 
@user Good Morning Happy Saturday Miss Briana. Hope you are having fun wherever you happen to be. Thank you for being you,always." 
"Just one day left to the #EXPOCamp! See you tomorrow 10 am, at @user in Milan: we can't wait! 
Thank you friends! Dancing with Chervona at the Polish Festival last Saturday. 
prediction: Despite what has been reported, Kaboul will make a miraculous recovery and will play in the North London Derby on November 17th. 
@user @user wrong. US may get a paper with Iran's signature and Kerry may get hopeful hug from Zarif.All depends on Khamenei lol 
Minecraft still down. I will try again tomorrow! Sorry guys I know you want it back and so do!I! Till then xoxox 
@user Do it! With all the shade, it's the perfect summer outing. Plus the penguins, lions, bears, wolves... were all very active today." 
Tomorrow is my last day at dunkin after 3 years.. Bittersweet 
Localiez Magazine Sep/Oct Issue featuring the Bachelor's Jessie Sulidis is up and ready to be read! Have a puruse... 
#Halifax #Students are you ready for some FREE HOT YOGA? Sept 13 - 19 enjoy one free week of sweet sweaty goodness. 
@user Lifting up the people affected in those areas, especialy in NY and in NJ. May they experience God’s holding them close to His heart! 
Wish I could make that trip to Athens on Tuesday @user 
Off to Anfield on Sunday for LFC vs Newcastle with @user #excited 
"Just keep watching Brock Lesnar and Undertaker going at it on Monday. Absolutely brilliant! That's what went missing in the ""new era"" #Brawl" 
"First song i luvd by the boys: Moments, 2nd: Up All Night, UAN Album comes out: I Wish, Save You Tonight, Stole My Heart, Now: CANT CHOOSE!" 
Sad to hear the passing of Frank Gifford . Always enjoyed him on Monday night football. 
We're looking forward to hearing the result together - 12.30pm Friday at Thor's Tipi on Parliament St - find out with us! 
Barely going to sleep after watching #dexter all evening! I love this show! 
Janet Jackson cream you know it unbreakable Janet Jackson Minneapolis live November first target center Minneapolis 
@user congrats on the book, invites to add value from HR. Any thoughts you may share about internal communications in Google? 
I may have a massive love-hate relationship with Hannibal but Bryan Fuller's heart has always been in the right place. 
"Hey Minnesota, Wisconsin or Iowa....we're wide open on August 19th & 20th on the route back from Minneapolis.  If... 
You may think you’ve tried them all but I’ll bet you haven’t tried taking on The Challenge...   Stop wasting time... 
@user Happy Friday, Briana! If I may ask, how does writing a book feel to you? *mini-research going on* :D 
’Really good day’ as Danica Patrick finishes 10th at Kansas Nationwide race - NASCAR News | FOX Sports on MSN... 
Excited about @user for Mac...November 8 can’t come soon enough! Clear for iOS + Mac = minimalistic todo list nirvana. 
if u could just like send good vibes for me to be able to meet shawn on Saturday and win the contest that would be so cool thank u love u:( 
"#Brewers Ryan Braun went 2-for-5, left on base four times and hit his 23rd double of the season. #MLB" 
Feet First has #PrincetonTec headlamps! Hope to so you all at the Young Life 5k Saturday. 
Here's your chance to meet Jim Rogers and Milk Bellafiore this coming Saturday! I have got the Platinum VVIP... 
After sunday and wednesday’s game I’m happy with Chelsea style of playing it has improved from last season :D bring on Swansea #sfc  #cfc 
@user cause ur cool since BAMA, Mark! Awesome! Roll Tide + watching you every Sunday! God Bless! RTR!" 
@user well I hope you turning up on the weekend . Cause I get to york on the 16th (: 
Super Saturday was a blast!! What classes did you try? 
Is it tomorrow night yet? I'm ready for David Wright. 
"Green Bay Packers at the ESPY Awards: July 11, 2012 3 of my favorite people !" 
@user Maybe january you go to milan...See you!! 
@user Lexus, Infinity, something sporty I'm thinking. You're starting the new person tomorrow? 
David Wright leading off the bottom of the 5th. Two walks so far tonight. Let's see more! #Mets 
Next Thursday is going to be the greatest day ever! Both my teachers already cancelled class and Tom Brady leads the Pats out of the tunnel 
"Islam teaches us to spread love and peace. We meet a stranger and you say ""May the peace,  mercy and blessings of Allah be with you""." 
@user For sure! Tuesday noon ET live on UND.com ... #Irish and Nebraska ... I know you'll be tuned in! 
@user @user It's my uneducated opinion that Breaking Bad is the best show in the history of time.Hannibal might now be the 2nd 
Tomorrow is National Women's Day. Anyone doing any interesting day trips tomorrow on the public holiday? 
I get to see Ces tomorrow!!!!! Best news since the hurricane. He better not forget his flashlight! 
"Konta has started well, at least on her own serve. Murray has a big moment at 4-4 in the 3rd, down 2 sets. #USOpen" 
I just saw Jurassic World for the 7th time in theaters and yes it was worth every penny 
That scene with Ice Cube writing Friday solidified so many things for me and my writing.  Formal training is... 
@user I want to see you guys at the #allentownfair on Sept 4 but not Eric Church.... #firstworldproblems 
Flashback Friday to pre opening for @user Can't wait to do it all again September 10th for Jason Aldean!! 
I want to spend tomorrow drinking whiskey and listening to Foo Fighters 
@user +on March 8th it's the International women's Day.First day of May has the same holiday as you *yaaay*.Victory's day is on 09/05 
Never been more proud of my non gaming girlfriend than when she beat the Asylum Demon on Dark Souls on her 2nd attempt! 
@user I grabbed Tom Brady in my snake league in the 10th and in my auction for $3. Then got his suspension lifted the next day! Wining 
"Hy-Vee Shoppers! We have a great deal coming on Thursday for you! Thursday, July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day. So... 
"Had a little trip out to the old town of Albuquerque, could easily be Mexico or Spain! Off to Vegas 2moz should get there Monday morning!" 
@user interesting...I just got my PS4 today. We may have to link up at some point before you go back to the dark side! 
Ooer. My main squeeze is taking me to the cinema tomorrow to see Thor fight the whale. 
"gym workout starting with Beyonce then Katy,Kylie and finally Bruno great start to the morning" 
Absolutely fantastic stuff from Paul Dunne today. Keep the dream alive tomorrow 
I just learned that July 19 is National Ice Cream Day. MUST CELEBRATE! Frosty Paws for ALL! (that's as close as I'm getting to ice cream) 
Oh hell yeah I'm watching Naruto all day tomorrow this shit was interesting 
So that we may spend eternity with Him in Heaven . Planned Parenthood must be shut down Violence begets Violence . Respect ALL LIVES 
Talking about Janet Jackson...I can't wait to see her in February!  #UnbreakableWorldTour 
July 31- Aug 2: MAX (PG) &amp; MAGIC MIKE XXL (R) Mark your calendar now for the Labor Day weekend Dbl Dusk-to-Dawn. You won't want to miss it! 
Trynna go to IHOP but all my friends are asleep so I may just go by myself #WHENINDOUBTPANCAKEITOUT 
So excited for these upcoming shows! Its time to get HALLOWEIRD!   10/27(TOMORROW NIGHT) @ the Fox Theatre w/... 
Tomorrow will be one year since I've seen/ met Shawn for the first time 
you may be cool, but you'll never be eric church has a cup holder on his mic stand cool 
"Goodbye Herbet Lom - The Ladykillers, Spartacus, and A Shot In The Dark, that would make a great Saturday afternoon triple bill" 
"Jason Aldean concert while working from home, I'd say it's a good Friday! #JasonAldeanTODAY" 
The Facebook IPO Players Club: Reid Hoffman: ... today Who he is: Reid Hoffman is probably best known to you an ... 
As good as the fights were tonight I'm glad this one is over. One day closer to seeing Anderson Silva clown a massive Asian man #spidersense 
*Overhears a conversation about John Cena* ARE YOU READY FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEB JOHN CENA DEFENDS HIS TITLE AT WWE SUUUUPPPEERRR SLAAAAM 
"Tomorrow is my day! National Hot Dog Day! Here's where to get a free hot dog, via @user 
Peter Broderick has been added to the Roskilde festival program tomorrow. Don't miss it. Gloria at 15.00 #rf12 
White Day... One month after the Valentine Day, March 14th... It’s a romantic day! XD 
@user I want April to Live to see SHARKNADO 4! #AprilLives 
1st country in the world to adopt multiculturalism. Here is the country that did it some 2500 years ago ... Iran 
@user That's very kind... Thank you &amp; Merry Christmas! May the Light of G-d always shine upon &amp; protect Israel! 
"Murray with another huge 1st down run, 26 yds" 
Caitlyn Jenner on Ellen: I've got my 8th grandchild ready in the Oven. I automatically thought of The Visit. LOL 
The second to last paragraph about the aims of the protests was interesting- a lot is not about Monsanto at all 
@user  @user they won la liga in 94 and got to euro final in 94. They were 2nd best team in world. Milan were just the best. 
"Excellent FREE program on Sun., 1/10 at @user -- he's been to Iran (and 110 other countries). #RiverForest 
If Dontari Poe runs the 40 .3 slower at the NFL Combine, he’s maybe a 2nd round pick. Nice work #Chiefs. 
"Turn up the music, cause the sun just came up #HotOfTheWeek Demi Lovato" 
I wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt Saturday for shaun #WinItForShaun 
This just in, new car show on Amazon Prime to be called "2nd Gear"! Cheers to @user and company! 
"Looking forward to ring in the new school year @user for Aladdin...UNC Memorial Hall, Sat Aug 27th 6:30" 
"News: Sydney, July 19 (ANI): Australia's young fast bowling spearhead James Pattinson has said that he is quite happy to concentrate ..." 
@user Dr Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s 1st elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations to #Egypt 
"Curtis' Morgan Weaver with a great look, but deflected by keeper, rolls just left of the goal post in 6th minute." 
Omg! I just want to run my fingers thru Michael Easton's gorgeous hair! Watching Friday's #GH. 
Dunkin will be the love of my life tomorrow 
One Night like In Vegas I make dat Nigga Famous 
Tomorrow night it's The Bee Gees at #cabaretsupperclub  gonna be a brilliant night! 
#BeyDay fun fact: Beyonce swept the hair off the floor of her mother's salon for her 1st job. #HumbleBeginnings 
I am assembling an epic Pancake Posse for an IHOP run on Thursday and YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW EXCITED I AM.   ...well, you might know now. 
@user @user @user Great questions &amp; answers. Those there got to see the 10th Amendment Rick Perry we all love!  #Perry2016 
going to london tomorrow for 3 days! also i shall be seeing imelda staunton live in sweeney todd.. #EXCITED 
Spent my Labor Day beating @user in Mario kart for the first time &amp; getting halfway done with Harry Potter series, best Monday ever! 
Just went to dunkin donuts for the 1st time 
Only reason im excited for tomorrow is the AC/DC concert 
@user @user @user 2nd to Kendrick in terms of lyrics. If he was more well known and could get better production, his" 
"Tomorrow is the out of Steal My Girl, next day, out of WWAT film, the next day,,, I'm gonna DIE because of excitement..." 
"Almost Friday, which means it's almost Jason Aldean time! @user #3years" 
Missing D.C... But it's ok... I'm seeing Ed Sheeran on Tuesday... That makes everything better. 
"He is the God of Abraham, Isaac n Jacob - Israel! He's alive... then who is Israel? u may ask?" 
Tuesday class at 4:30 pm...Yoga for Every Body; perfect end of first day of school! 
@user No man, thank you. Philly plays you guys on March second (where I’m from) I’d love to meet you man! 
@user Comedy show is on my list of things to do in the near future. Seinfeld is near me this Monday, but big $$$... 
Ihop has $1 short stacks tomorrow. FINNA fuck it up! 
@user won twice on the last day to stay up. Finished 10th and carling cup final. Sent West Ham down!!! Lot of good times, more to come 
@user going holiday eh ? HAHA going to Melaka tomorrow :) 
Fleetwood Mac are responsible for some of the best songs ever recorded. Come see them performed THIS SATURDAY by the World Turning Revue! 
I wanna watch all of the twilight movies tomorrow 
@user @user yes! Ahhh gonna be great! Are you 2 going to Westfield Parramatta on Saturday? Please follow me Bella :) x 
Safe and sound at #FLIBS We’ll be all over the docks tomorrow! 
Heard the raw recording last night from @user &amp; #TheJoBurtExperience at the Back to Earth Festival on Saturday. #Amazing! So proud! 
Varitek eager to learn on the job: Newly appointed Red Sox special assistant Jason Varitek on Friday reflected o... 
@user yeah, on Friday I went and saw two movies people bitch about - Ant-Man and Minions. I had a good time! #HatersGonnaHate" 
@user  Niall, I got On The Road Again Tour 2015 in Osaka next February 25th ticket so can't wait to see you:-) Follow me @user 
"""""@matt_edmeades: Sheffield Wednesday linked with roger Johnson, Ivan klasnic and Michael Antonio. Big coups if they get them."""" #massive ? ;)" 
Casually eating dinner I hear 1D on tv playing so i run 2 c& then after de song it says UAN is gonna playing on the 26th!OMFG SO WATCHING IT 
"we've beaten Kershaw, so why can't we beat MadBum tmrw? we win tomorrow, then just gotta win both at home. #havefaith #CardinalNation" 
Omg I'm going to L.A. tomorrow :D 
Snoop Dogg is bringing it for Bethlehem right now, hell yes. Saturday night fun! 
"Very, very excited to see my favorite republican Carly Fiorina in the debate on the 16th!!! (I still secretly support Hillary though)" 
Be sure to come out to The Joe tomorrow night @user to watch Jurassic World on the jumbotron! @user 
TONITE IT GOES DOWN!!! STREET FM on 90.1FM in NY Broadcasting worldwide at www.wusb.fm OR watch inside the studio at www.justin.tv/streetfm 
Good to know McLaren were testing an experimental front wing last Friday during Free Practice for the 2015 car 
Okay so today is Tatum Tuesday! Retweet if you like Channing Tatum! 
The Tenerife vs. Barca Femeni game has commenced. Jenni Hermoso scored for Barca in the 5th minute. Tenerife 0-1 Barca. #FCBLive 
Not even kidding when I say Alright by Kendrick Lamar may be one of the best songs ever written 
@user If there's one thing I can guarantee Monday, it's Janet Jackson worship, which I'm always here for." 
Just writing a preview for Saturday’s visit of Barnet, can’t help but get excited about the visit of Edgar Davids. He was a childhood icon. 
@user hello MAITE good to hear from you sa. No worries sa, already spoken to JJ. Good man, carnage Sunday sa" 
Occupy Unmasked with Andrew Breitbart - Citizens United Productions via @user & CHEERY MONDAY!* LOL or NO??? 
@user and I feel the exact same way about Allderdice haha, its my 2nd favorite project he's released (behind K&OJ). hes making good music" 
time to watch Naruto til the sun rises 
The view of the clubhouse from the 1st tee at Lough Erne yesterday! Best parkland golf course in Ireland. 
Just handed in my application for the Marie Colvin Scholarship at The Sunday Times. An exciting moment. 
For the 2nd weekend in a row Norwich City get a lucky break. Still wouldn’t be surprised if Villa win but Norwich got to get something now 
Bib# 5886! Look for me during the Two Cities Marathon this Sunday! Running from Clovis to Fresno! I got this!!! 
I'm the same height as Snoop Dogg wowie  smoke marijune erry sunday 
so i didn't tweet about it yet but i went to go so the WWA concert movie on sunday with my mom bc my friends were all working hahaha 
"August 2nd will forever be my favourite day because I met Shawn then I met Jonah, grant, Lexi, garrett, and Howard okay I'm sad now bye" 
"Just caught up on Jimmy McGovern's Accused, very good. New Silent Witness on Sunday too, it's no Lympics but 2 hours of entertainment." 
Congratulations to @user confirmed 2nd toughest ultra on this platform behind myself. Up the IRA 
Just had my 1st experience with Amazon Prime. Holy. Crackers. Amazing. 
@user  Sunday is going to be a good day for you. It's National Ice Cream Day! 
@user happy Eid greetings to you too, May Allah bless you" 
"My Saturday night in Milan? Working, online coaching @  ""Love your job and you'll never... 
"Vampire Diaries, Greys, Scandal, WTGAWM #TGIT  &amp; the Pats Game!! So Happy it's thursday!!" 
Looking forward to the London Grand Prix tonight and tomorrow 
Iniesta is the 3rd best after Messi and Ronaldo, no one comes close, not Neymar not Hazard #spain 
"When persecution scattered early Christians, they ""went about preaching the word."" May we do likewise! (see Acts8:4) #reclaimthemorning" 
Google+ may finally have the beginnings of a unique value proposition for social media users. via @user 
"When your sister plays Iron Maiden on a Saturday morning, you know your work as a brother is done." 
@user Glam Girls want to invited everyone to enjoy Halloween with them tomorrow at The Grenader on Riverview and Rosedale from 5-8pm 
I may say a lot of things about Fleetwood Mac, but the Rumours album is practically perfect. 
There is still time to get over to the Gin Mill in Northampton-week 6 qualifying round Thursday night! and facebook! 
@user @user   I know u miss SEC football Erin. Nothing like it! Can’t wait for BIG monday’s coming soon. @user Cant wait 
Real Madrid get better of De Gea saga, Barca goalies also under pressure: While transfer deadline day may have... 
i can literally feel my vision improving because of nicki and kanye!! tomorrow i will be such a good day!! 
What a great day for world sport: Usain got his 9th gold, Federer claimed Cincinnati Title no 7 and I pumped some weights. #truepro 
@user got my PS4, now just waiting for my monitor. We'll have to play when November rolls around." 
"Early start today off to Birmingham, long day ahead with bit of travelling.. but hey Foo Fighters on Sunday! Weekend!!!" 
Now watching NCAA Finals Game 3 in TV5! May the best team win! 
I just hope Ian Bennett is first out of the selection machine tonight #terrierball #htafc #dontfancyArfieldingoal 
"I grow weary of Christians who on Sunday profess their love for the one who said, 'when you do it to the least... 
We hope you Cougars had a great Labor Day weekend! This Friday we will have Ultimate Cougar on the USU Lawn at 7pm! 
Watching Jurassic Park for the first time!! Happy Saturday ! 
"it's not Friday but time for a thank you card. thank you jimmy Fallon, for the jokes about Vermont's Governor Election @user 
@user  yeah this Sunday it's in St Patrick's hall then prob go out after#getinvolved b good to get everyone together 
Justin Bieber still no.2 after Adele on billboard 200 charts in the US (7th week) 
Bob Marley was featured on the cover of FIFA's The Weekly magazine last Friday!  . 
I’m gonna just don it during school tomorrow. Math in TOK, History in Math and Bio, and Spanish during lunch. Yup that sounds about right. 
Can't wait for @user tomorrow night in Binghamton NY! Really just wanna see how crazy the lights and people are gonna be :D #pumped 
@user LOL the finishing was quite similar to Messi's 2nd goal against Bayern. 
@user just got back. Heading back to the Gorge for Foo Fighters on Friday 
Magic Mike XXL was even better the 2nd time 
well bummer the Vikings JUST LOST to WSH :(    ......Oh well tomorrow is another day,good try boys!  BUCK UP BOO’S WE STILL LOVE U ALWAYS! 
@user OMG NARUTO! Im hoping FMA, has to be. Oh myyyyyy im so excited! Mine's been in aus since the wednesday, hope i get it today!" 
@user I thought I'd go to 17 rehearsals, and squeeze in ABC Sunday live with Rebecca Chan and Kristian Chong." 
Happy to be celebrating Torani's 87th Fourth of July at the San Diego County Fair. Come out tonight for the... 
"AFC's top running backs to meet on Monday night football: Arian Foster and Le'Veon Bell are the ... #NFL, #Texans" 
To anyone going to The Big Revival Tour tomorrow at Metlife: Have fun!! Can't wait to go in a few weeks! 
At least real football starts on Thursday with a freed Tom Brady 
Zac Brown Band tomorrow night with boy. SO EFFING EXCITED. Eeeeee! 
For sale: one general admission ticket to AC/DC at Downsview Park on September 10th. You will have the pleasure of... 
Join me this Sunday at the New Thought Community Center in Fresno. I have the honor of doing the service this... 
if kanye west runs for president and gets it this means Kim kardashian will be the 1st lady oh my god the world is a beautiful place 
@user Holy shit, you really replied! So my birthday is coming up December 31st. Any chance the Wu will be around Greensboro NC then? 
BIG Brother tomorrow is going to be so good 
"Rousey may be hot, but @user is the true bae 
It's #house Thursday..."when music hits u feel no pain" Hon.Bob Marley said that   have a lovely day fam 
"Effat University wins the 1st """"P&G’s University Challenge"""" at the Procter and Gamble’s university competition. 
W.O.W Wednesday!Marni lands this Lumberjack vest for the ladies looking to bring a little Tom boy toughness  
@user Today's my 21st birthday and it would be awesome if I could get a birthday reply from Thor! 
$1 daiquiris at Rum Runners tonight and I don't have class til 2 tomorrow..... Yesssss! 
Going to see Magic Mike XXL may be the single best decision I have ever made in my life. 
"Tomorrow is a big Metal day.  At 8:00am the new Iron Maiden tune premiers and, of course, new albums to purchase.  I love Heavy Metal! \m/" 
"I'm gonna sleep. Tomorrow we have more dm's to give, just with Justin Bieber. I hope you like our account!   ~ @user 
Tomorrow shall consist of watching Will Ferrell films with my fave people and Chinese food, sweet. 
Today is about to become our new favorite holiday. It's official: July 19th is National Ice Cream Day! We found... 
Bus services in Liverpool city centre will be affected on Saturday due to the Pride Parade 
@user Big thanks I might do that tomorrow and you too @user better than Hayley and Zachary cuz they have no patient LOL!!:D 
"#EidMubarak ,May Allah Purify the souls of the victims of Insurgency and Aid us with necessary strength to fight Boko Haram @user 
@user I could prattle on about 90s music all night long. Radio Head, Weezer, Green Day, Stone Temple Pilots, the Offspring, 3rd Eye Blind" 
@user Perfect timing on this, Milan! Got tickets for the new Star Wars movie yet? May the force be with you!" 
@user i kind of tried... But ipod soooo i’m just gonna sleep tomorrow or something :’) 
Pretty excited to be singing at Westfield Parramatta this Saturday at 10.30 &amp; 2.30 on the main stage! Who lives in Sydney??? 
oh shit Ray Lewis may be able to come back. hopefully young cause if you ask me Ravens would have won the Superbpwl if it wasn’t for Cundiff 
Calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season! Can’t wait to get some early racing done #altitude #paceit 
"Today in Beatles History (May 26, 1986):  Paul McCartney is named the most successful musician of all time by the Guinness Book of Records." 
"Live Tweeting Thursday continues with Nirvana's next album, ""Nevermind."" Let's go! #Nirvana #Nevermind #LiveTweetingThursday" 
"Reeling from tonight's Bulls game. Down 21 in the 4th, then Jimmy Butler with insane buzzer-beating 3 to win by 1. This team has such heart." 
Tomorrow's National Hot Dog Day and Friday is National Tequila Day so the real question is will me and Natalie make it to Saturday? 
"a full season of Harvey, deGrom, Thor, Matz and Wheeler coming back in June?? sign me up. Lets get Heyward, some bullpen call it a day" 
"It's amazing what you can achieve when you keep getting up! """"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th."""" ~ Julie Andrews" 
I seriously have bewn in love with Sam smith since like 9th grade 
Brilliant 85 mins for @user in the Mersey derby. Not a bad game for 1st goal.... 
When you realize you're going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow @user 
The Weeknd may be a God. Or the new age Michael Jackson 
Jersey shore season four tonight :) x 
"My boy Biebs made the greatest comeback, the bae Big Sean won his 1st vma, Nicki dragged Miley to hell &amp; Kanye SLAYED everyones lives! #vmas" 
"Tuesday, June 12, is the Republican Primary in Virginia.  I strongly recommend Jamie Radtke for U.S. Senator! 
@user Vs @user at Tuesday Night Main Event. tell Triple H u want a match against Brock Lesnar tonight 
@user considering the Foo fighters just melted my face, I can't wait for tomorrow" 
Diversity is a beautiful thing. Watch for the #burnabyschools float in Sunday's PRIDE Parade. 
Well didn't plan on going to jason aldean thursday but here i am buying my ticket to go go jason aldean on thursday 
kramer is the best character on Seinfeld. George close second, Newman 3rd. 
@user Those are some big words, I'm hyped. I'm getting it tomorrow, Amazon Prime is a beautiful thing. 
Book It: The Lit Show Plays Tomorrow at the Creative Alliance 
I may have a slight man crush on Mariah Carey like I'm not straight, I wouldnt kiss her but if she asked to slow dance I wouldn't say no 
so it's Day of The Dog today+tomorrow's National Ice Cream Day? who made mistake of not declaring both on same day plus free cones for dogs? 
Enjoy your networking? Cocktails with Pandas or beers at Adelaide Oval on the agenda at #innovationgeneration 
Tomorrow's my Friday! I need it. Bout to lock myself in and watch Netflix till gym time. 
Anybody wanna go see Eric Church August 27th at the state fair with me???? 
"In my opinion... Making jokes about HIV, helps me personally cope with living with the virus.  I know others may... 
@user Indeed I am. I get back late Tuesday night so I can easily come into Banff the next day. What time would be good for you? 
Ladies &amp; Gentleman it's time for Monday night raw! And we start it off with the Beast incarnate Brock Lesnar #Raw #Brocklesnar 
David Price may not shut out the Angels tonight but he will shut. them. down. | @user | @user 
I'll bet you a peanut butter sandwich that SEAL Team 6 takes out Kony just before November 6th. 
@user My daughter @user will be 14 on December 17th! We r going to see Buddy @ The Kirby Center in WB on December 14th. So excited! 
STAR WARS DAY! May the Force be with anyone resisting the urge to spoiler. 
Happy hour at @user #msapc2015 with @user and friends. Good luck for tomorrow's keynote 
National award won by our amazing events team - our annual conference was rated best association conference in the UK! 
Is there anyone out there that wants to go with me to the Kenny Chesney Jason Aldean concert tomorrow for free!?!?!? 
"oh, hi! just listening to sam smith's ""like i can"" and weeping! happy wednesday!" 
@user Dec 16th. I know it’s so far and near the end of Sagittarius but I’m a full blown Sag girl :) lol 
I can face college tomorrow as long as I know I'll always have the comfort of Shawn's songs.. Even if I'm alone 
Happy 21st Ell here's a present... I will ruin it for you #yay#justwhatiwanted" 
Thank fuck it’s Friday. To all the lads off to Newcastle have a good one. Wish I was coming with ya. #HavePlenty 
me &amp; Curtis off tomorrow and he can't stay up to save his life. OMG 
TOUCHDOWN #3!! 21-0 at the beginning of the 2nd quarter is kinda ridiculous. Haha. Oh well, ROLL TIDE!! 
Ooohh Yeah I just remembered... I'M GOING TO RAW TOMORROW!!!!!!! UNDERTAKER AND BROCK LESNAR!!!!!!!!! #RAWMinneapolis 
see everyone at Dunkin tomorrow we're all gonna need it xoxo 
Get the scoop: July 19 is National Ice Cream Day 
Saturday night my Year of Living Documentarously continued with Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck. 
@user Sunday was a much better for the Lexus tent, fans were AWESOME so we all at the @user appreciate the improvement! Thanks y'all! 
chelski want this so bad that it makes me even happier thinking we may beat them twice in 4 days at SB 
"Rainy weekend helps power surging UK box-office, as Disney scores double with Inside Out and Ant-Man at 1 and 2: 
Starting the 3rd season of Sons of Anarchy. I watched seasons 1 and 2 in the last couple weeks. . I'm seriously hooked 
"Cate Blanchett: Love scene with Rooney Mara in Carol is 'very erotic, tender and beautiful'  17 November 2015 By:... 
"Ok, I remember where I was when Josh Hamilton had the massive 1st round, etc in '08---and hats off to @user bcuz that was Epic also!!" 
I'm going to the Zac Brown Band concert on Saturday and the Yankee game on Sunday! Should be great 
Finally getting to watch the Stones stuff from Sat night. Crossfire Hurricane stuffed with fine footage indeed. Great Belfast clips from 65 
"ariana said that if i finish my mixtape before august ends, she's gonna sue frank ocean and that's probably the best motivation to finish it" 
Ahhh then one may attain nirvana at the supermarket. 
Prince George playing in his magical playground may be the cutest thing we can ever imagine 
"LONDON, July 28 (Reuters) - British finance minister George Osborne has appointed economist Gertjan Vlieghe to serve on the Bank of" 
Soooooo who's coming to see Zac Brown Band with me in Toronto Sept. 4th.... 
Nash's new video with skylynn will be on tomorrow! #anxious 
It's AMAZON PRIME DAY  -- they say it's better than  BLACK FRIDAY so enjoy! 
@user @user you need 3rd party launcher like #Nova or an activity launcher, then Google Play Services -&gt; #AndroidPay and done! :) 
Gotta have a Callahan's Hot Dog Thursday for National Hot Dog Day with all the trimmings Fries or Onion Rings and Root Beer. 
@user would you be up for full day of movies at mine on Thursday? :P so far Tarzan and The Notebook is on the list xD 
Just seen @user at Radio City and now get to see then again on the 28th!! SO EXCITED!!! 
$224.60.  Not a bad payoff for a 2nd race Trifecta at #DelMar.  Check it out: 
"HELP STOP KONY hes not dead! Washington, D.C. on November 17 please go and help get the president to get Kony go to there website! #kony!" 
@user best line ever as abby """"he wears $3000 sun glasses & has Justin Beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that?" 
AHHHHH just got Lauren’s email!!! We are going to snap tomorrow #beready 
Are you ready for this Sunday night when WWE champ John Cena defends his title in the WWE Super Slammmm 
Waaaa Hooooo Bernie Sanders trending again in 1st position on FB. 4:09 p.m. MST/PDT. Sat. Sept 6.  Keep up the good work.  WE will prevail. 
Alhamdulillah Maryam got engaged and Inshallah after Eid will be her marriage. :)  may Allah bless my sister with happiness and much more. 
@user arrived in Split today. Lakes were amazing. Off to Hvar tomorrow. Will keep you updated :) 
"Listening to terrace talk on Radio City on a saturday pure brilliance,Merseyside Derby history plus the Saints a LEGEND #YNWALFC2012" 
Preparing copies to take to #Telford town centre tomorrow now. Good excuse for a teensy shopping trip with daughter methinks! 
World Bank praises electricity access improvements in Malaysia from previous 59th now it is 28th in position #BNbagus 
What I like about Ryan Braun making all star game is hearing all the hatred for him.  Assures me he may be a Brewer for life.  I like that! 
guess who's going to sit in a tub and listen to fleetwood mac and pretend tomorrow isn't Monday? me 
12:26am and we've got US Open Drama, Colbert's debut, and Messi just scored a sick goal for Argentina.  All Live/1st run now. 
"Hey guys! We'll be closed tomorrow (27th). D'Wan has been blessed with a ticket to the Foo Fighters concert, so... 
Exciting weekend. Kitchen being fitted today Foo Fighters live tomorrow. Iggy Pop and Royal Blood supporting is the icing on the cake 
If Bob Marley were alive he'd ne reppin' #JamRock tomorrow NYT...Jah Bless. Let's meet @user fm forecourt n make history 
I'm going to see Paul McCartney perform on October 13th. I can't believe it! 
I just entered to win 2 tickets to see Zac Brown Band on September 5th! You can enter too! Thanks Hoffman Ford! 
Hear keynote speaker Doug Wead this Saturday, June 16th at E2 the Event. Don’t miss it! 
MONDAY NIGHT RAW was a surprise when Sting came out at the end.Perhaps he will put an end to Seth Rollins Triple H's baby boy. 
"#3DT Make sure you find your self at the """"S.E.C"""" THiS Thursday for $3 Thursdays!! $3 w/ College ID $5 w/ Reg ID til 11pm!!! #iParty" 
@user So @user just told us that he watched Sharknado 3 on Friday and that they are making a FOURTH one! \o/ =)) 
Beyonce won her 19th #VMA last night, making her the second person with the most awards in #VMAs history. Madonna has 20. 
@user I'd buy the next iPad if they had Fassbender give the keynote tomorrow. 
Mom left for Scotland today. Or Ireland... Keep forgetting where she went to. But both places have cool accents! I know that! 
Looking forward to the new Jersey Shore starting tonight. Has it started in Ireland yet?? What do tweeps think?? #jerseyshore 
@user with consecutive bunts to David Wright. 1st is perfect for base hit. DW makes trademark barehanded grab. 2nd is SAC. #Mets 
Ice Cube's son better be in the new Friday movie 
@user @user Eric, how is the weather for the AC/DC concert tomorrow night at Gillette looking? 
@user Oh its ok, I follow a ton of updates from Big Brother so I will see it tomorrow" 
"1d is on ellen next friday, you better pvr it for me pls and ty @user 
Wish I was going to see Sam Smith at the Toyota center tomorrow 
@user @user @user @user @user @user FYI Suzanne was my 1st choice 2 b my biographer but GOD made it 
"OK #fooFighters just may be my heros today! Foo Fighters ""Rick Roll"" Westboro Baptist ""Church"" (quotes are mine)" 
I may be considering wearing my polka dot #48 shorts with the Knaus tee shirt in an attempt to stay cool today. #Lowes48 
Tonight come out for our WXTU promo! 7-8:30 you can win (2) tickets to see Jason Aldean on August 15th 2015!... 
New || Harry and Liam on stage at Metlife tonight! (August 5) #8 
@user in that limited time he won 2 rings, MVP, 6th man AND went to 800 Grateful Dead shows. Dude is a beast. 
@user @user that's funny. I thought Tony Blair did a deal with IRA (Sinn Fein)  on Good Friday ! 
Everyone desperate to see Paper Towns tomorrow - seen it!!! So good tho hope you all enjoy it if you haven't seen it already it's amazing 
Okay so Chris Evans and RDJ will be on Jimmy Kimmel tonight and if tomorrow I wake up to a Civil War teaser I will lose all my chill 
@user Same here, lol! Hey, atleast we can look forward to theri performance on the 27th at People’s Choice Awards! 
@user What a move by Briscoe!! And just before the yellow. HRT is on the march!! #GC600 #V8SC 
@user see you this wed, show is 10/10/12 @ 8p Houston Improv!!!" 
@user Oh, I remember that one. Pretty good. The one that's your 2nd favorite is my fav from the original Naruto." 
@user hope you and dean Ambrose beat the hell of bray Wyatt at summerslam and see you on smackdown tomorrow on Syfy 
Physics professor just extended our assignment from 11:30 tonight to 11:30 tomorrow...I guess he isn’t the only one drinking. #profgetcrunk 
"The Announcement was so good last night, even my non-basketball liking flatmates sat through the whole thing." 
who’s coming to the Marijuana March in Cardiff tomorrow? Support the cause #legalizeweed! 
Jimmy McGovern's Hillsborough on ITV3 @user Wish they'd show it nationwide on ITV at 9pm tomorrow. The nation would see it with new eyes 
"What a weekend. Big Blue Madness tonight, Cats at LSU tomorrow, Hawks Preds tomorrow, and @user just bought hawks isles tickets for us" 
Is Tim Tebow Dating Camilla Belle?: Everyone is interested in Tim Tebow. Some people may not like him but you ha... 
"somehow managed to lock my keys in the car this morning at Dunkin, happy Friday :-)" 
"On Friday 4, 'Digital Nirvana with Croma' was Trending Topic in Delhi for 5 hours: #trndnl" 
@user That's the 4th best single. Though I'll admit that Bad Blood needs a combo of the remix &amp; album version bc apart, they're weaker" 
"This time tomorrow I'll be watching Foo Fighters with one of my best friends ever, eeeeeeeek" 
Good luck to A Scribe Amidst the Lions tonight at the SDMAs! 
I can't wait to see the Giants this Saturday at MetLife 
Nintendo releases new 3DS with new Animal Crossings bundle. #klgg #nintendo3ds #gaming 
I wish I was out MD I wanna bear on Negros shit is fun , going out Sunday to Ross snighter Sunday Finna pop off on TWL 
Frank Ocean album coming out tomorrow.. I'm sure it is. 
"Happy Saturday morning everyone! Here's a short instrumental cover of Sam Smith's ""I'm Not the Only One."" We have... 
I may have started playing the Kim Kardashian game again 
"If this is happening halfway through the show, John Cena is not winning his 16th world title! Rejoice! #Summerslam" 
"Trying to get tickets to the ""Ant-Man"" preview showings on Wednesday. The theaters are fucking packed, bro. I'm kind of happy...Paul Rudd!" 
@user Cav ! See you tomorrow sa SM Sta.Rosa !! :** 
Can't wait to stay with Kayla and Levi tomorrow night. 
Heat vs Knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow!!! #Lebron#Wade better bring it!!! 
Yeah, @user our data resets tomorrow, but don't burn it up on the road this weekend watching Netflix! 
"It's Wednesday, you know what that means... New Batman! 
Favorite this if you want super chefs Curtis and Mcdaid to make you breakfast in bed tomorrow #We #WatchedTooMuch #FoodNetwork 
@user On monday I request some Queens of the stone age to celebrate that they're finally coming to Roskilde festival again! 
I've won tickets to Blackpool Illuminations!!!!! See you Friday @user Xx 
Perfect stripped version is 2nd???? The Vamps beat it??? 
I can't even explain how excited I am for Calibraska. Like I don't know if I can wait through tomorrow for it. 
Excellent piece from Sec. Kerry and and British FM Philip Hammond on the role of women in peace and security: 
Oneil’s Barber & Beauty will be open Monday @ 10am and not closing to the last person leave!  #WeGrind 
@user @user hip hip hooray, meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare. 
@user Ofcourse! Looking forward to Murray's 4th round game against the big-serving Anderson. A potential 5-setter. #usopen #nightshift 
@user Kiryu made an appearance in SEGA's Binary Domain... I may have to play the game now... 
"Jess Glynne has a song called ""Bad Blood"" on her new album &amp; I'm seeing her in November &amp; I hope she does a BB/BB Remix." 
Anxiously looking forward to AC/DC on Tuesday night with Bob Wilson, Kyle Wilson and Kelsey Suisse!  Who else is going??? 
Amazing day! Got 4th place in the Dallas Urban Beer Hunt w/ @user &amp; @user &amp; then saw some killer bands at Riot Fest! 
How powerful music is...Kendrick released Alright and it was used/sang in a march by demonstrators! Cassper... 
"congrats on your face #LumaGrothe! #offduty in Milan. | See more about Milan, September and Models.  -  
Just beat Dark Souls for the very first time! Thanks to everyone who showed up and hung out along the way. Starting on Saturday: Bows only! 
@user throwback when I saw Niall last Sunday!!! Great way to end the summer 
@user In Taipei, Taiwan, having a great time so far, the international faculty is really good, my lecture is tomorrow. Bye" 
What better than to enjoy Turkey, Pumpkin Pie and Birthday Cake all on the same day #Monday. Best way to celebrate being legal! #cantwait 
Wednesday's NFL notebook: Broncos' Peyton Manning says his injured thumb is OK: The tape didn't wrap all the way... 
Channing Tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance #ayyyyye 
So when is game &amp; Chris Brown homie Gonna fight ???  Is it on pay per view or Friday night hood fights ?? 
"Chris Archer (TB): 4th Rays pitcher with 200 strikeouts in a season (joins Scott Kazmir, David Price &amp; James Shields)" 
"hello my followers fans one direction, I ask you to do this tendency September 13 with the hashtag # Happy Birthday Niall" 
"Paul Dunne with a great quote post round on his thoughts on the 1st tee tomorrow leading the Open ... ""Make contact.""" 
Thinking Thursday: Your affectionate WORSHIP will lead you into effective WARFARE! ~Narda Goodson, 2012 Narda’s Nuggets 
Still prefer the Nirvana cover because I can actually listen to it repeatedly. The only part I like is 1st chorus. 
Jurassic World is coming back to theaters this Friday.   I might need to see it again 
Celebrity Big Brother #UKvsUSA is coming Tomorrow at 9pm ONLY on @user . Do not miss it 
So now we got Arian Foster comin to town and we may be down our best defensive lineman. At least it's at home? 
Hannibal gets another TD w/ 10:03 left in the 3rd quarter, extra point no good. Boonville is down 30-7.   .@KOMUsports  #FNF 
@user please cani have a tweet or retweet because it is my 11th birthday thank you love you ZAYN MALIK 
A tribute to Rowdy Roddy Piper and the return of Brock Lesnar. It all happens tomorrow! #Raw 
Heather &amp; Steve: We're WAKING UP YOUR WORKDAY tomorrow with Dunkin' Donuts! Tell us where you'll be between 10a &amp;... 
"Beer and chicken night! Watching #Dexter till the working hours (11.59pm - 8 am) Maybe we should reserve the nickname """"dexter""""? Might be fun" 
@user you nailed it! GET d tickets 1ST to Beyonce's concerts! get 
Paper Towns is amazingly playing in Fremont tomorrow and now I feel obligated to go see it. 
it may or may not be louis' baby that briana is carrying but i just wanna say that larry is real okay 
RT @user @user pulled off highway robbery to get Romo from @user Jk. Good trade. Ill try to process it so you can start ro ... 
@user Thems the breaks. I may have made more $ from the Fire Phone than Amazon did. ;) 
Can't wait for tomorrow after work. Jason Aldean concert. Off Friday with Bills game. Off Saturday Sunday. First Draft Sunday. Off Monday. 
For the first day of 7th grade I bought a shirt with Green Day on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine  I still have it. And I still love it 
@user It wasn't exactly perfect, a couple of issues while away. But got to see Israel for the 1st time &amp; feel in love." 
Regardless of what happens- Thor's recovery from the 1st and his middle innings here give me hope for the future #LGM #Mets 
My 1st tweet ever was 2 Andrew Breitbart.Asked him to make fun of Michael Erik Dyson 4 his pretentious profile pic. He did,it was awesome. 
The Spurs may be my favorite team out of the western conference 
2nd Reading: James 2:1-5 Class distinction should have no place among Christians. God champions the poor in the world.#Theinspiration 
Happy 29th Birthday to our #Whistler Library! Free outdoor movie Jurassic Park tonight at 8pm 
today I wore my neon Nike pros to rush. today I also discovered that in the sun you can see my neon Nike pros through my dress #geauxgreek 
Sunday means Eggs Benedict and Florentine at the Iguana! Another beautiful morning, come on out and enjoy the pool and 2 x 1 Bloody Marys! 
"3rd time. Antman with friends (@ Rogers 18 Theater for Ant-Man in Rogers, MN) 
@user see you Saturday - got to tell you I have a soft spot for the Royals after how they have played the Post Season 
"July 23rd is National Hot Dog day - a day to celebrate one of America's favorite foods, so fire up the grill and... 
@user @user I probably will, for Star Wars day (19th for us)!" 
Sulaimania mosque in the early morning is having a bright visitor at its dome as a gift on the 3rd day of Eid for us. 
@user Did what Jon deserves...perfect AA John Cena will surly be 16th Time World Champion n USChampion Cena the Legend #Respect 
This may be controversial, but I am inclined to argue that the LGBT community owes support to Joe Biden for outing Democrats on gay marriage 
Watched 'Gandhi' with Gaurika today. Was so nice answering her 100 questions. We should have some new age patriotic movies though... 
My Take coming up:  Frank Gifford's impact on the game and on me. Monday Night Football was never just a game. It's an event. @user 
Can't wait to take my girl to Nottingham on the 8th of March for her birthday. Hilton Hotel here we come ! 
@user @user Dongwoo is like a big baby, sooo cute :3 I just wanna hug him... Is Dongwoo becoming my 3rd Infinite bias? *0* 
The Raiders need to represent tonight! 
Selena Gomez presented Amy Schumer with an award and a heap of praise at the Hollywood Film Awards on November 1. 
Kris Bryant will make October 7th come faster don't worry everyone. 
David Wright comes back to a Mets team in 1st with a 5 game lead snd we're whute hot. I haven't been this excited foe baseball in forever 
TOMORROW Venus will eclipse in front of the Sun, an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the... 
"Sunday, July 19 is National Ice Cream Day. Let's all celebrate with   a delicious ice cream cone, a smoothie, or... 
I'm officially done with all of my exit level TAKS. Lets just hope I don't have to retake any in March. #2013 
@user may be one of the reasons why ST so willingly participated in Swachh Bharat on Oct 2.. 
NOVEMBER SUPER TOUR: Nov 10-11: Rockwell Ten; Nov 9, 16, 23: ABS-CBN Friday Market. Meet Super Tuyo and Friends! See you! :-) 
I'm really hoping Seth Rollins finds a way to win on Sunday. I don't want to see Cena reign #16. No thanks. 
"I just finished watching the movie October 1st, a Kunkle Afolayan's movie  Fanstatic performances by veterans... 
"Ant-Man, Edge Of Tomorrow, Inside Out, Inglourious Basterds and Obvious Child (my favourite of the week) #myweekinmovies" 
"it's going to be an year since my wwa concert on sunday, Niall's birthday )):" 
August 29, 2015  VIDEO: What Sarah Palin and Donald Trump  Did Last Night Is Exploding Across the Internet 
The funniest part of the break comes when Briana exceed period 9 months being pregnant 
The covers of the Penguin Lantern Classics are brilliant. Love the feel.Content is good too! Signing tomorrow Westfield Parramatta at 11am. 
Republican candidate Carly Fiorina tweets that she is OK after getting into an accident with a deer Friday. 
Angela Merkel: strong link between the euro and peace 
Puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november have being immortal the quelque chose superego committal insofar as proclamation: aYFXw 
"2 things twitter: 1, Jack Daniels pairs very well with cherry juice and 2, Sharknado 3 may be the greatest movie ever." 
15th august- The anthem still chokes me up. The flag still makes me proud. Gandhi still looks over us.  happy& proud  independence day #fb 
@user He's pretty damn strong, without a fully evolved Naruto, he's probably the 2nd strongest." 
If San Antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from Parker in the 1st half & no Ginobili, it’ll be a great season! 
I think I may have a heart attack for Jason Wu’s new collection. So Charlotte Rampling in the Night  
@user are you gonna be in Disney World for Star Wars Weekends again in May? Please say yes. 
Apparently I have a new Moroccan boyfriend. He doesn't speak English so we just sat on his Nokia and played snake. Best relationship ever 
how can I go to sleep when I was just twerking in my bathroom because of MetLife tomorrow 
Saturday is the last day of Summer Streets in NYC.. Enjoy car-free streets  between Brooklyn Bridge and Central Park! 
Celebrating the Pope: What Makes Pope Francis Tick? FREE webinar: Sept 10, 7-8p EDT More info: @user presents 
"Sunday Oliseh to pick five local stars for Tanzania game: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has revealed he w...  
Take me down to the river Underneath the blood orange sun #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Tomorrow, I wake up in Cebu!!! :D So, I’ll have to log-off the internet and log-in to real life for a while! Good bye internet, hello world! 
"The Cab - Intoxicated lyric video: via @user Thanks Radio for giving me the 2nd best song in the world ^,^" 
World Walking Day in few more hours! See you guys at Putrajaya! I am gonna bring my camera along :) #fb 
Anyone else thinking Chris Evans is just doing this series of TFI Friday before giving it to Nick Grimshaw?! #scarythought 
My dad and sister will try out Daredevil series tomorrow. They really liked Ant-Man when I recommended it to them...  HEHEHEHEHE! 
"Save the date, August 23 2015, #SummerSlam main event, The Undertaker Vs. Brock Lesnar..Gonna be EPIC..#WWE" 
@user We're actually going to the KPOP store on tuesday... xD 
Can't wait to see my Ravens beat the Steelers tomorrow. 
Ed Sheeran did a song with @user CLASS IS CANCELLED TOMORROW! 
I wanna get an Apple Watch for my 18th, and I WILL get one or I'mma be pissed the hell off lol 
"If the sky,if the world ends,if the sun sets and the rivers turn red.if we get lost in the twilight,somewhere I know we""ll be alright" 
We can get your website to the 1st page of Google searches in Bristol for your industry? 
Lemme see if Kendrick Lamar can become the 2nd Hip Hop artist to win Album of The Year at the Grammy Awards.... 
National Council on Patient Information & Education celebrates its 30th anniversary! Thanks 4 helping many learn about patient & med safety 
"My good friend William is planning to revert to Islam, may Allah make it easy for them." 
I just got tix to Sam Smith on Oct 5. Let the countdown begin! @user 
In the Los Angeles area on Nov. 30th- December 1st 2012? This is a red carpet event that you do NOT want to miss! 
Everyone should have Kendrick's album 1st or 2nd he killed that shit 
@user Manchester tomorrow. I've missed you Gus! Looking forward to you smashing it like you did at Leeds festival:) 
@user good luck on Thursday. I know a lot of Cuse fans who are gonna be following you & the Cavs very closely & supporting you guys. 
Sam Smith on the 17th of Sept tapos Solaire. Wiieee. I am giving myself the gift I should receive. 
Rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness. Come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out 
"Aiya I tell u all what KKS will say ok, dont worry. Danee will be joining early, and what is with hwa is a troll for our 3rd anniversary :)" 
"Simmons: Aim of #highered that we may """"live together peacefully &amp; share the greatest advantages of knowledge &amp; knowledge creation"""" #delange9" 
"Cute &amp; good idea: show the real Israel, far away from biased headlines! 
"Apr?s le bacc,i'm going to work in USAID and UNICEF,that's for sure!" 
We pray for unity among Christians: May all who bear the name Christian work toward healing the wounds of the Body of Christ. 
"Remembering 14 years death of George Harrison,one of the best guitarist ever ( 25 February 1943 - 29 November 2001)" 
Apparently tomorrow is Nation Kissing Day. Ladies, you’re more than welcome to stop by. 
"wow tomorrow is my birthday..i really can't wait and the best present would be a""happy birthday""wish from justin bieber" 
Off to the grind when really I just want to make shows,  write features &amp; do interviews all day to the music of Fleetwood mac. Happy Thurs! 
On Tuesday Im going to see Paper Towns with my friend and Im actually so excited 
Went to see ’The Mystery of Charles Dickens’ at the Playhouse Theatre, West End last Thursday starring Simon Callow.  It’s a must see! 
Perry HS Panthers Band invites you to save up to 60% off brand name mattresses like Simmons &amp; Restonic on Saturday &amp; help them raise money! 
@user wishes to all men &amp; women follow the true path of Islam. May Allah Guide us. Ameen 
Today's the day! The sun is shining! It is Star Wars Day my friends! 
Gonna try to run 6 laps tomorrow atleast 5 it should be easy I just can't talk to ppl. Just gotta listen to my iPod and keep runnin 
@user Messi scored with his 4th touch like omg! Like it's not fair. 
Don't get comfortable just because Labor Day is over! Can You Dig It!!!??? I can tell you what I'm doing Sunday!... 
@user great news indeed!The victims of Boko Haram deserve the verg best.May God speedily bring an end to their plight!Amen. 
"Playing a scramble event at Knollwood tomorrow, let's see how the """"Steady Eddy"""" will hold..." 
@user @user I was there for International Women's Day in March. Hope to return soon! I love it! 
@user thanks lovey. We are going to see foo fighters next Sunday so that's getting me through!! 
'Secret' may sound like a love song, but it's really about spirituality and self-empowerment. It's about God being in all of us - Madonna 
Undertaker vs Brock lesnar kesho sunday wah... this is the fight of the century now .... i need to see the... 
"#OTD 23 July: (only) in the USA, National Hot Dog Day." 
The Hound from Game of Thrones is making a Lemon and Pistachio cake on Sunday Brunch, bloody fantastic start to the day. 
New post on blog! Hope to see you all this Saturday @user CESENA! With @user fam too!... 
We are on our way to @user to start setting up ready for Saturday Bonfire & Fireworks.A great #fireworks display Are you going? 
Fun fact in 7th grade i thought dave grohl and eddie vedder were the same person 
"joabyxnx: Last Monday the Undertaker took Brock Lesnar back to kindergarten. Yes, I watch wrestling. #WWEBattleground" 
1st time in my life I agree with Brock Lesnar about his Rousey comment. #UFC #WWE 
Nick Jonas is my hero is trending :) I love being part of the JoBro fan-family :) Happy 20th Birthday Nick J!! Enjoy! xoxo 
This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day! Celebrate it by making some delicious homemade... 
@user have you filmed Jonathan Ross yet??? Can’t wait to see it on sat! :) xxx 
Paul Dunne is tied for 1st at the open and he's a proud #UABBlazer   shutout to my ace @user  #BlazerLife 
Lol @user professor today "jeez Morgan did you have too much fun on Labor Day?" Yes. Yes I may have 
If this guy can be happy... there's no reason you can't  Happy Friday Eve!  Talking Billion Dollar ideas and Flava... 
I watched a video of Linkin Park at Rock im Park and found my friend in the first row like 3 times :D Thank God I stood in the 2nd lol 
"School's Out, It's Saturday @ URBN: Put the text books away 'cos School's Out, It's Saturday! Let the good tim... 
Yeaa so going to DMU is looking like a myth  tomorrow 
July 27 Reuters - The Apple Watch will be available at stores of Best Buy Co Inc, the largest U 
If AC/DC has a really successful show on Thursday, they will get a second show, that bumps one of the One Direction shows. 
@user Pratchett rocks. he's always 1st choice for BritLit kids picking 1st book for Reading Club 
im going to sleep excited for june 6th so i can watch twilight all day every day! 
Girls Frosh Volleyball hosts Alton Freshman Invitational tonight and tomorrow at AHS.  Play begins at 4:30pm this afternoon.  Go Redbirds!!! 
David Price pitches today. A 12th straight win would set the mark for the longest win streak this season &amp; set a Blue Jays franchise record 
Digi is mixing it up tonight, Lets get taco!!!!!!! 
"Foo Fighters in Edinburgh tomorrow night(!!!!!!!) with @user and I move to uni on Friday, what an excellent/terrifying week" 
Looking fwd to my 14s first hit out against DV tonight. Derby tmrw, rest Sunday, birthday Monday. I can smell you long weekend it’s so good 
The perfect day apart from Jordan Rhodes’ late goal for Blackburn. Up to 6th in the table, bring on next Saturday! #nffc 
I am optimistic about coach Sunday Oliseh's ability to turnaround the Super Eagles. We are due an inspirational team. 
Today I came to the world of television, who knows, but may be very soon I will be interviewing Big Time Rush? I wish this all my soul! <3 
A university uniform in appreciating military veterans: He reunited after the game Saturday with Capt. Michael P... 
"Strider comes from the Norse gods. Thor was his friend, so was Hermes.  He is a Sun King of old.  MANLY. HANDSOME." 
"This December 12th card is going to be loaded - Im hoping we get Rousey - Tate, and maybe Fedor's return, along with Conor - Aldo #UFC" 
@user Pls tell Dale Jr and the 88 team that they did great today. Love them lots from Bama. 
Feeling down this Monday? Check out this guy who dressed as baby Prince George for a week - it might cheer you up! 
"Narendra Modi accelerates economic reform drive Financial Times Writing in the Financial Times in April, Mr... 
@user I’m a Nikon guy, but interested in what you have to say tomorrow... 
"Chuck Norris was born on may 6th 1945, the nazis surrendered may 7th 1945. Coincidence? I don't think so!" 
"I can think of no finer thing than for an Irishman to win the British Open tomorrow. Good luck, Paul Dunne." 
Singing Rising Sun out loud has got to be one of the most exhilirating and stress relieving things known to KPop fans haha  RISIIIIINGGGGGGG 
#FRIDAY Love that movie, Kinda awkward watching it on Thursday tho ... 
"I'm desperate enough to go see Ant-Man, but it won't be out until August 12 here." 
Tomorrow I have tickets to get drunk and see Jason Aldean in Cincinnati with my bff Donna and I can't wait 
"If it seems to smb that I say about one band more pleasant things than about another so it means that I love 1st more than 2nd,you're wrong." 
Post Edited: Siri vs. Google Voice Search- may the best robot helper win #review #Siri #theidoctor 
@user RT: ""#R5FamilyLovesYouRocky We love you Rocky!! &amp;lt;3 @user see you in Milan next 20 September..."" 
Oomf is in for it tomorrow I just can't wait I know exactly what I am going to do to them ((: 
"Awesome release day tomorrow with Iron Maiden, Amorphis and Riverside, and can't really afford either. If I want to be sensible at least." 
Flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in Fresno a couple days before going to Colorado #fuckyes 
"Been an ant based week, first seeing ANT-man at the cinema. Now visiting ANTwerp. Maybe I'll finish with meeting ANT &amp; Dec? #Hopeful" 
i got HSPA retake in the a.m.. who wanna walk to school w. me tomorrow :D ?? 
Thank god brendan let @user go back to Milan cuz he is to good to be sat on a bench. #Balotelli #goalmachine 
Watched the 1st episode of Being Human. @user I’m hooked. Thought you’d like to know. 
@user good looks homie, Im goin to pretty lights tomorrow night so lets burn it down ASAP after that. 
@user @user I'm so excited for the August 8th Chicago show and to hear calibraska live oh my goodness 
@user So Neymar being fifth and Eden being 6th shows nothing other than Barca did better than chelsea in the CL. 
Lay in bed watching Jurassic Park with Henry whilst @user sorts her stuff for going out tomorrow #dinosaurs #RAWR 
"There's nothing like being sick on a Friday night, with a great book, listening to third eye blind, nirvana and radio head..." 
Staying up with my baby Levi tonight even though I have school tomorrow. Lol YOLO 
"Home from MYSA conference. Glad it went good after all the hustle and bustle. Haha I missed work and tomorrow, I'm doomed! :p" 
"Kendrick Lamar may just be the greatest rapper of this generation, and maybe many more to come" 
This app is very useful specially when finding restaurants. you may download this app on Google play store free. 
"Just want to make it known that I'm gonna go see Janet Jackson in concert in February. You're jealous, ik." 
@user She may be my favorite Libertarian writer right now. Her response to the Planned Parenthood controversy was on POINT. 
RT @user ESPN got some good stuff on tonight. 
Congrats to the winner of the Colts game tix on Sunday! Even better the Budman will be his wingman (at @user 
"Just watched Four Lions, cool. Awesome song to finish it with too. #nowplaying Aphex Twin - Avril 14th" 
I am happy to be single but I would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th. It has to be from someone amazing- @user for eg! 
I can’t wait for the Heat game tomorrow; Heat vs Knicks! 
#np Bob Marley - the sun is shining 
"As bad as I'd like to see Jordan Spieth win The Open, this Paul Dunne kid is something else. Can't wait to see it unfold tomorrow!" 
Witness the impossible. The Hoverboard is about to become a reality. On the 5th of August 2015, Lexus will unveil... 
Remembrance Service was nice! Now just pottering around town till 3rd service. To get new boots or not? 
"A quick stop at dunkin donuts for coffee,now back on the turnpike! About an hour left to Philadelphia...for the 2nd time today #48hrsnosleep" 
Premier League: West Ham v Man City on Saturday. Our preview looks at the stats & has some interesting betting tips: 
#KimDavis  Carly Fiorina promises to bring the memory of her to Kims Jailhouse tomorrow. 
@user new video comes out tomorrow!! I seriously can't wait especially since Skylynn is going to be in it! They look so cute together! 
@user nice one phil big nose on soccer sat telling everyone you said Mersey derby better than manc one  #loadofbollocks 
"Although, I'm looking at his filmography right now and literally the only other film of his I've really liked is ""Friday"" with Ice Cube." 
I ordered a 64GB Nexus 6 from Amazon a couple days ago. It just shipped and should be here on Thursday! 
"Early morning playing 7 cards with the guys, please play Justin Bieber - Sorry, Jolly Monday Morning Tune!  @user 
I just sat down in my apartment to watch the Red Sox on my very own TV for the first time...and I got there in time for God Bless America. 
Happy Friday you crazy fucks!!! Long weekend!!! 1 week till the concert!! Foo Fighters - Best Of You: 
3rd annual Miss USA pageant with wings night for me. #lifegoals 
Barca may have the best players, but they are miles away from having the best team. Look at that shit def. #barca 
@user Ramcharan and Upasana getting tied to a new Zanzeer of life and may God make this Zanzeer stronger and stronger day by day 
Catch Rainbow Valley at the @user #IMAF2014 Gala. Oct 26 @user 
JLin had a nice little bounce back game tonight, hopefully he gets back into his Linsanity groove by Tuesday 
MICCA Tomorrow. My support for the Marching Band is ridiculous. #needstostop #butilovethemsomuch #Itssoearly #EyesWithPride #maybenextyear 
@user Mr Howard Webb did a fantastic comback in Chelsea match 05 February 2012 - with the help of two magic penalties of course... 
@user Sarah G. Day is now on its 4th consecutive day on the top spot. :)) 
yay omg we are off school on April 1st we break up for the hols so if Janet stays over in Liverpool i could try and meet her the next day or 
New @user tomorrow, reviewing Federer, Serena and the pre US Open storylines. This is what we sound like 
It's Star Wars day at school tomorrow. I think my R2D2 is ready! 
"Jeff Foxworthy leads a Bible study with homeless guys on Tuesday mornings, and has for years.  How cool is that? 
@user you may or may not see this but if you do can i please get a RT/follow i love you!! #justsaying :) 
Whatever you looking out for, have a great Friday....  Fleetwood Mac - Big Love   #btc #bitcoin 
Friends of Barca, I'm off on saturday to travel round Spain so would like to see as many of you as possible... 
AMY SCHUMER TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE for SUNDAY's SHOW at Kent State!! Go to the website! 
Looks like all releases Nike / Jordan will be raffle, I can dig it. Fck the bots! 
the only reason why i wanna have tomorrow is because naruto and sasuke is gonna beat the shit out of madara in the next episode tomorrow ;D 
"Who wants to go see @user beat Canada's Rugby team tonight in Glendale, CO? Send them off to the Rugby World Cup the right way?" 
I'm so glad my boss scheduled me till 11 on the Friday night before SATs #thankyoubitch 
This is what I meant when I say being a Music Prod student is like being a Kpop trainee minus the dancing XD 
Grab the latest issue of The Record out on campus now and stay dry this morning! Happy Friday! 
@user we went to twilight races last Friday and it was great, EF markets food stall people would be a gr8 addition.#nextime" 
Ollie Schniederjans joins Paul Dunne &amp; Jordan Niebrugge as the 3rd amateur in the top 10 at #TheOpen2015! Remarkable 
Fab day of photography in Oxfordshire today. Planning the twilight shot for later. There again tomorrow 
What a perfect day for a Wedding Workshop! The idea was born at WPPI in Feb...and not only is it finally here IT... 
September 23 , CERN, Pope meets congress for the first time ever.. Y'all betta wake up.. It's bout to go down ..... 
@user @user see you in Milan on 25th Feb. Can't wait to see you both in concert! #OneVoiceTheTour 
Come see @user August 26th at the Rex Theatre! Contact us for tickets. 
Hello metalheads! Is Monday treating you badly? Let the music take over! Iron Maiden ~Misty~  #ironmaiden #metalmusic 
"definitely going to go see Annabelle tomorrow night by myself, in Brenham, idc." 
TGIF by Katy Perry just came on &amp; it's Friday AYEEEEEEEEE 
Whoa! National Ice Cream Day is in six days?! You may want to pay special attention here and on our Facebook &amp; Instagram accounts on Sunday. 
Good win in the end for our 2nd team. Amoo, Wright and Procter best players #pnefc 
CHRISTMAS TOMORROW :D !! Who's going trick or treating for Christmas presents & candy cane ?!?!?!?! 
"Daylight Savings fall back is this Sunday, Nov 4! Turn your clocks back 1 hr on Saturday night before bed & enjoy the extra hour of sleep!" 
Tomorrow I'll be in my room watching Lady Gaga videos while the rest of the society watches large men tackle each other and throw balls :) 
VIENNA (Reuters) - Russia's envoy to the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Monday he expected a historic nuclear deal between Iran and world 
Rio Ferdinand thinks Manchester United may have signed the next David Beckham:  
Tonight's the night! 29th annual Kings Royal at Eldora Speedway! 
@user Did you miss the Kendrick Lamar and J Cole subliminal disses to Drake on their black Friday jawn? Come on, every1 @ da PISSGOD" 
If you're truly my friend you'll play David Bowie's Greatest Hits when I'm about to have my 1st kid 
Nicki getting hood just then gave me so much motivation to go to school tomorrow and get good grades and go to college I'm so alive 
@user Hi guys, Wwat in madrid 10th of july was the best day  of my life i wanna other day how this please come back to spain&lt;3" 
FLAME Video shoot Thursday @user Yes it's going to WORLDSTARHIPHOP 
Federer's second serve placement is awesome. That's why he's the best server ever. Nobody has better placement on 1st or 2nd serve 
colts game tomorrow with drew Budd! 
"Interactive TV may be the next big thing, but what are your real life thoughts on Apple TV? #iwishitwerebetter...shhh 
Got your tickets for Jason Aldean concert Friday well don't for get to book your limo for it!!! We got great... 
Day chilling with Kurt in Sheffield, movie night in then out for a posh meal tomorrow! Maybe even a KFC for breakfast.... 
Sooo I wanna go see Paper Towns tomorrow with someone who actually read the book... 
Hopefully Nirvana is the wave Friday. 
finally listened to Wrecking Ball before I see the concert tomorrow evening!! 
It's funny how I'm like the only 8th grader ICONiac.... 
Kirko Bangz comes to @user Thursday night!! Get your tix for the show > 
"The girls will be attending the 2015 @user in Milan, Italy on October 25th before they take on Europe for their first European Tour!" 
Did you hear about Harper Lee's 3rd novel? ;) Don't forget to put Go Set a Watchman on hold at your library! 
"Good Morning All! We hope you enjoyed National Women's Day! Well, a new day has arrived....It's Friday & Long... 
I do claim Brock Lesnar as one of the best UFC fighters ever because he is the 2nd person EVER to win the title in only his 4th pro fight. 
#frugaladventure Sonic Drive In {$1 Hot Dogs}: Apparently July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day. If you are a fan ... 
I’m so good at gambling. I just owned Las Vegas. Leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework. Not a bad week. 
Free SUP Yoga demos this Saturday courtesy of instructor @user Come try it while you're at... 
Friday night in & ’The Notebook’ is on.. better get the tissues ready! #lovestory #noah&ali #tears 
Starting off our Thursday we have for our pleasure....  Bee Gees with I Can't See Nobody 
"SUPER ADVANCE NOTICE to SAVE THE DATE.... Stone Brewing will be in the house on September 24th. And, there will... 
A happy fun loving Saturday 2 the wonderful @user true CHAMPION of Sharknado films an always shows the love 2 everyone across the world 
Holy C0W just in time for Halloween we got THE POSSESSION Aug 30, & #PA4 Oct 19 i hope to God that’ll be better than DEVIL INSIDE! 
@user I fell just like a lot of Madonna's old songs for real thats how I live I don't know about everybody else but yeah it may 
"It's a Sunday; a day that a lot of Christians will go to congregate and worship God. Thought of the day,""... 
"This may seriously be the scariest fu*king clown I've ever seen... @user Well done, AHS, well done... 
@user I'd like to get a seat on the NFL Today this Sunday 
The early kick off on Saturday is Everton vs Chelsea aka the John Stones Derby! BTTS written all over it? 
How the new Apple TV may change the way we watch television: Believe it or not, but the star of Apple's big me... 
1st song on the iPod upon leaving GB is 'Good Life' by One Republic &amp; upon leaving an amazing weekend w/ @user &amp; her fam it truly is! 
I'm liking the chances that Ben Affleck shows up to the Izzone Campout tomorrow night. 
like the look of golden sunbird in the last at ascot with fallon on board! 3rd to quevega is solid form 
"Congratulations to Georgia Veatch, the winner of two FREE tickets to see Ed Sheeran in concert this Friday!" 
On September 13, there will be a blessing of CLC at the 9pm Mass in Madonna della Strada. All are welcome. See you there! 
Apple Special Event Live BlogAnother always-exciting Apple event! Join us October 23 as we update live from the ...http://t.co/rnuSIaMC 
@user my friends&amp; I sat in sun @ Wrestlemania for 6hrs, We survived. No Bentley after the game either @user @user 
Happy 17th to HRT! We love you!!! @ Shan & T-Bone’s 
Spending my Sunday night singing Ed Sheeran in my dorm room and enjoying every second of it 
is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it Sun City VVV 
August 13 2015/1975: A celebration of 40 years since the Grateful Dead's legendary "One From The... 
Today it's the Pride Parade in Stockholm. It's been raining the whole summer here, but today sun is shining. Because love is shining. 
Just found a Banda machine. May need it come George Osborne's November Spending Review... 
James just scores.   Tomorrow: Ballon D'Or for James Rodriguez [Marca] 
@user Ha!  Dont panic on All-star game just yet.  Could be still in play. Tomorrow is the day to worry about that. 
Brock Lesnar live in-studio with Mike and Mike tomorrow is actually interesting to me. Although the interview won't be... 
"Margenthaler really excited about this team. Should compete well in Northern Sun, not Big Ten." 
Happy for Emem Eduok who joins up with the Super Eagles on Monday 
"Elegant and intimate: Ben Sollee at the Carnegie Center, December 6. 
Why am I just now finding oht about Black Friday J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar 
according to frank ocean it must be July 55th 
DONT FORGET BJJ tomorrow night with Curtis - last round of promotions coming so train hard :) 
@user Geno is a bottom 3rd QB in the NFL, they will not win with him. They have a good defense, a good back and decent weapons." 
Kanye West is for real the one pop culture topic I ever argue with my (usually pretty cool) Mom about. And that'll happen tomorrow. 
Keith Hernandez on Seinfeld was the best appearance by an athlete on any TV show or movie. 2nd is Mark McGuire on Mad About You. 
i am going to try to meet Michelle Obama on friday 
Horror movie loving Wednesday Addams-esque girl on the outside, Disney soundtrack singer and Harry Potter enthusiast on the inside. 
Ash....., You may say anything about her but she IS one of the prettiest women in India, Happy Birthday Aishwarya Rai 
Tomorrow is a good day to listen to LAMB OF GOD. HAHAHAHA. 
Cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack. Time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow! Haha #insidejoke #sleep #goodnight 
Heading to Va. Beach tomorrow for Jason Aldean and the Burn It Down Tour? Here's info for you!  Showtimes: (all... 
I may or may not have gone all the way to Hot Springs just for this.. #noshamenogame #ilovefood 
@user Were doing great up until the 3rd.. Struggling a lot. Harden and Lin doing very well together. Harden w/ 31 pts. so far. 
Asad Umar &amp; Zubair Umar on 11th hour with Waseem Badami for a candid Eid interview. Interesting! 
Slowly getting my last bits pulled together for Barca! Gonna get everything finalised today so I can just relax tomorrow :) 
@user wwe got best wrestling athletes in every era. you may find awesomeness in The miz,Seth Rollins,sami zayn,wade barrett,sheamus," 
"Gonna stream Umineko again on Tuesday or Wednesday. Will probably hit the second twilight at least, I hope." 
@user In the spirit of sharing: 1. WORLD OF TOMORROW 2. MAD MAX: FURY ROAD 3. TANGERINE 4. MAGIC MIKE XXL 5. BUZZARD 6. EX MACHINA 
I went to a Remembrance service today for the 1st time and can say it was so touching. 
"So I may be a little to old to be playing this Kim Kardashian game, but it is fun ! @user 
But seriously. Free ticket to Ed Sheeran on Saturday. Only catch is you have to go with me. 
@user hey Nicki, wish me luck on my first day tomorrow ? Lol" 
David Price going tomorrow for a franchise win record? Sounds good. 
"2-run HR by Jackie Bradley Jr., Red Sox now up 7-2 over Toronto, what a 2nd half he has had" 
@user I'm gonna drop it by before you get home.  I've got a meeting tonight, so I'm dropping the boy by to Sanchez before 5. :)" 
super excited for Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney on the 15th because it has been way too long since i have been at a country concert. 
THANKS TO THOSE WHO CAME DOWN TODAY!! Thanks for the love tonight!! BKK bound now!! See ya party people next wednesday!! #TGIW <3 GHETTO :) 
"I may be childish but every time George Osborne does one of those sneery,forces-of-darkness smiles he looks like he's just followed through." 
"3rd time seeing Jason Aldean, didn't remember the first 2 so I guess third times a charm" 
Want to see the All-Star game tomorrow #suffolk 
A draw in the North London Derby would be nice today. As the gap the Yids have on us is not impossible to close down & we would remain 4th. 
Photo: Ready to Ship Today!! Yes the Labor day sale may be over but you can still get the fan favorite... 
My shuffle is favoring Mariah Carey hardcore today but whatever it's Saturday I'm supposed to feel like a diva anyway 
@user lol not you, silly. I'm having Eid at my house this Saturday and I wish you could come!" 
Iron maiden's new album book souls  comes out   September 4 can't wait to hear it 
Going to see Jason aldean tomorrow with the best friend. Kinda very excited.: 
"What an accomplishment by Paul Dunne, hope he comes out firing tomorrow #TheOpen" 
If you’re ever having a bad day watch Too Cute on Animal Planet. It’s all about the 1st few weeks 4 baby animals, mostly puppies & kittens. 
#Jets #Jetsnation on my way to #NYC.Will be on @user tonite on JetsInsider at 7pm!Can't wait to talk Jets and #NFL. Everybody check it out! 
Sat in Starbucks listening to two transgender Americas talk about Caitlyn Jenner. As you can imagine it's interesting. 
Today, September 8th, is Bernie Sanders' birthday. He's 74.  Love him or hate him, I think you have to give him mad props. Happy Birthday B! 
41 Amy Schumer quotes to get you through Wednesday (she's pretty badass) 
@user For Record I had iPad1 & just switched to iPad3 and I've got a screaming MacPro Tower. :-) My 1st apple was a IIc 
@user Ole Miss band is fired up for rousing verion of Dixie next Tuesday night-wanna sing it Rachel? 
I can't wait for the concert of #r5  Sete you @user in Milan on 20 September!I love you @user @user @user @user @user 
"One of my all time favorite songs, George Harrison Live Bangladesh August 1st 1971 ( the year I was born :o ) 
"Due to my boyfriend, Ice Cube, not actually being in the movie ""Straight Outta Compton"" I will save my hard-earned cash for ""Last Friday""." 
"Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti admits he is keen to return to the """"sporting paradise"""" which is the Premier League one day. Sun" 
I'm home alone watching the big brother live feeds on a saturday night #killingit #BB17 
can we all just skip to christmas & winter break and then to march break then summer that would be perfect thanks 
Did u see the Aces she had during that 2nd set against serena, Venus still got it folks@usopen @user @user @user 
"Listening to the new @user album. If you like old-school Nirvana, NIN &amp; general gig mayhem, don't miss them at @user Sun,9.30pm." 
Some good television tonight gonna get on jersey shore on the planner and 8 out of ten cats and mAybe red or black #lazynight 
'Magic Mike XXL' and the pursuit of pleasure - The Daily Collegian ...:  #BackstreetBoys 
Aww yeah Tyler’s 21!! See you Saturday West Chester!!! 
"New Pics - DIVINE SATURDAY @ CAFE ASIA - Hosted By NBA's JOSH HOWARD!: One thing about it, the ladies love Satur... 
Hi @user - I noticed in the Guide app that there's no mention of the Hannibal photo op on Sunday. Is it still running? Great job! 
Great. Glad to see Lady Gaga honored so. Wish the Grammies paid more attention to who buys than their SUITS. 
@user @user I just saw your link to the show...it is on Wednesday :-) YAHOO!!! thanks again. 
"Just saw that @user show from SXSW is going to be on AXS TV this next Sunday, November 4th. Dig it!" 
Thank you snow for cancelling classes today. Now you may stop snowing, so that I can drive to Chapel Hill tomorrow. I’d really appreciate it 
@user @user 17th October mine. We're celebrating together thank you. I hope T2 stays after large Eid. He come too 
"Fun fact: Briana said that since she lives in Vancouver, sometimes she just goes to set to visit and therefore may or may not be in the gag" 
"Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George, the little gift that keeps on giving! #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge 
Assuming Murray pulls it out here all 4 matches on Monday will be very intriguing. 
@user @user @user Naruto is the way to go man. New episode tomorrow! 
The Milwaukee Brewers played well today and Ryan Braun is able to hit his 24th home run and he did a fantastic job today. 
Rest in peace Frank gifford ! my thoughts and prayers go out to @user  and her family! may god be with them thero this hard time! 
Happy Monday Los Angeles! We are now over 350k views on our Google+ page. See what all the buzz is about!  #cannabis 
Celebrity Big Brother's Best Bits: Flirty Friendships &amp; more... Tomorrow night at 9pm on 5* or you can catch it on MTV - it's great. 
NBA playoffs TODAY!!!!!! the Heat Vs Knicks  series is going to be crazy! luckily #celticnation don’t play till sunday LETS GO CELTICS!!!! 
Conquering rides on the 4th baby!!! @ San Diego County Fair 
@user So the Royals who won the wild card and made the playoffs for the 1st time in 29 years are the most talented team in the AL? Ahaha 
@user Youve done Bob’s Great, The Pacific great, now how about one following the 15th USAAF, 456th squadron B-24, Capt. Klingler??? 
Was totally looking forward to movies tomorrow :( oh well I'll just have a Naruto marathon at home by myself or something haha. 
"Hold on partner I got bars to and they kinda scary I'm about to show you how may  nick's this Mariah Carey's" 
@user Chris Evans has been successful in everything he's down &amp; great viewing figures but young generation may not forgive Clarkson axe? 
what a beautiful saturday night with my pretty clothes." 
Justin's only the 23rd EVER to begin at #1 in the Hot 100's 57-year history, he's also the youngest male to debut #1. 
". 'I can't see myself leaving Real Madrid, If the president told me to sign on for 10 years today, I would do it..' @user 
Conor McGregor is the modern day Muhammad Ali #FactsOnly found out why tomorrow on #CoastToCoast with @user 
Happy birthday to my dearest Big Brother. May continue to bless and protect you. Love you always. 
Watched The Cabin in the Woods, Silent House, Psycho, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show today! Yay! :)) Tomorrow iba naman ulit! :D 
International Talk Like a Pirate Day's 10th Anniversary Celebrated: By KEVIN DOLAK (@kdolak) Across the world to... 
I really hope Eric Church covers "Thunder Road" and "Born to Run" tomorrow. That would make my night! 
you know you're officially into kpop when you spend your Saturday watching the  @user documentaries in between homework LOL 
@user Good luck tomorrow! I did it once. Big David James and Harry Redknapp started the race. They wore bomber jackets... 
Montana News and our viewers support and pray for Israel and it's people and leaders. May God protect them. 
@user going to laidback luke next saturday going to be amaziiiiinggggaaaa! Haha 
RT @user I love FOOTBALL season!! Lets get it!! High School games Friday night....NFL games Sunday !!! 
RT @user There won't be just a Party in the USA tonight there'll be a Party Worldwide when Miley wins. BOOYAH! TCAForMiley 
Obagoal cheers Eagles to victory: Former Super Eagles striker Obafemi Martins is of the opinion that Sunday ... 
After a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do Vegas big tonight! #blessed #freshtodeath 
@user Stick to college hoops & pandering to 2nd rate ACC teams... Dook’s opening game is right around the corner, baybeeee!! 
@user I will when I get back.. I'm still in Florida but I get back next Tuesday, well get it in for sure" 
All seniors will be recognized at FCA tomorrow and the first 25 will get free chickfila coupons for free biscuits! See y’all there :) 
Watching the PLL Halloween special for the 3rd time. I can't get enough. Looking for cluesssss 
@user hi mate could I lend 65k to buy James Rodriguez or 50k mate I'll pay you back tomorrow asap like a legit person serious 
Pretty sure Nicki's ass is the 8th wonder of the world 
@user What you think of Uruguay? i'll go to The Vamps show in May, im so excited.I love you bae. #AskTheVamps" 
@user lol you mean pronounce it? Idk either..hmm...I like to say it like ’hair-may’ or ’hair-mess’ LMFAO IDK OKAY. xD 
@user my favourite Michael Jackson is the one with the tingalingalingalingashingshongbhungbhaaanng tap tap moonwalk on the sun 
For those who may not know, Jay-Z wrote the verses for Still D.R.E but he's never disrespected Dre or ever spoken about ghostwriting. 
Free by Zac Brown Band is like the 2nd national anthem. 
Devo Brown: Thanks for another great night everyone!! Don't forget tomorrow Roz and Mocha speak with Lloyd Robertson & Jason Priestley! 
The truth by Jason Aldean may be the best country song ever 
Good Morning Becky ! Thursday is going to be Fantastic ! @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user 
Absolutely amazing day! November 11 is the HUGE revealing party for NLC. I absolutely can not wait ~ Pastor C 
Hustle season December Christmas Jan 3 nyelle bday party gotta be the SHIT I’m ready lbs 
@user live @user Fairground ex bengkel 6 Oct 2012. be there lads... enjoy the show 
today I am goin to a garden centre with my mum it's jst a part of my crazy lifestyle rt if ur cryin with jealousy c'mon u r x xx xb 
Can't wait for barbershop 3 and the last Friday to come out. Ice cube is a top actor 
"I may be in the minority here, but I rather enjoy watching David Price play for the Toronto Blue Jays" 
Chunky black men are just *eyes emoji* I had the biggest crush on Ice Cube in Friday. Don't @ me. 
Almost recovered from Riot Fest.... Sunday night ended righteously eating vegan pizza with Iggy and The Stooges at their trailer! 
Hawks game tomorrow... I’m fuckin wit it 
So I got the job at Dunkin and I'm leaving for Cali Wednesday 
All about Paul Dunne and Padraig Harrington on this fine Monday morning. 
"Baby feed wheel also available in Blue, Meet me tomorrow at the baby event @ Colne Valley Garden Centre for more... 
in order that others may know in the land of the night, the ship is drawn by the Grateful Dead. 
Sunday morning, quiet day so time to welcome in #Windows10 @user @user 
Sunday Funday Yoga poses for you all to try #getmoving #juiceplus 
"Since I'm hype for Dark Souls 3, i might as well just play Dark Souls 2 over for the 30th time" 
@user The 1st time I heard Michael Jackson sing was in Honolulu, Hawaii @ a restaurant on radio. It was A.B.C. I was 13. I loved it! 
Good Luck @user old boy @user riding tonight in the Speedway Grand Final 1st Leg- 7.30pm Sky Sports 2. Go Kyle!! 
Good luck to all our teams for tomorrow 1st games of the season. Celtic,Rangers,Barca,Real,Olympic,Boca, Bayern &amp; Atletico #grassroots 
Don’t forget to drop by the Barbican Centre’s Conservatory tomorrow for our annual Summer Reading Challenge event! Ages 4-11  2-4PM FREE! 
"Can't wait for the picture of Kendrick holding 11 Grammys to surface so I can be like ""this is for the people in March calling TPAB trash""" 
WVU game Saturday with my girl #WVU #excited #muah 
@user &lt; Hi Andrea, thanks for the note - I did see the news re Google+, we'll discuss that more in your meeting on Friday :D 
Hope to make it SURVIVAL TUESDAY but need favour elsewhere. We'll at least make sure Sky soundtracks final montage with BJ's Blaze of Glory. 
@user Thanks for RT, my dear! By the way, If you hear noise from the West, it's just this Sunday's Pride Parade in Vancouver :)) 
Open Lobby was fun today... Hopefully it’ll be cool tomorrow too. 
"Foo fighters last night. .. tonight I get to start a new book.  Rock and Roll , it's how I Roll  and @user gig on Friday!" 
@user So I'm a bit late but I watched Ant-man. It was amazing and great job! Can't wait for the 2nd one! 
I want it to be tomorrow so I can have my pumpkin coffee back at Dunkin 
"congratulations to Jessica Lee Morgan, who placed 3rd Runner Up tonight at Miss Teen USA. Jessica also won Miss... 
"805 pm tonite, 1st time on PTV, I'm on air with U2 &amp; Bruce Springsteen. answering #Sophie's q's about going from doctor to rockstar.Tune in!" 
@user if you have any more info as to the location I would deeply appreciate it sir Thank you kindly re: Chris Evans on mon 
"We love the King! 55 years ago today, Elvis Presley released his double-sided hit ""Don't Be Cruel""/""Hound Dog"",... 
@user @user Nice to be missed Maino.  Hope you’re having fun. 2nd night all all-inclusive? 
Win or lose I think most Dallas fans would agree it's just great to play in games as big as this one tonight again after yrs of mediocrity. 
David Price pitched eight innings of two-run ball in a win over the Angels on Friday. #BlueJays 
Happy Good Friday is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it 
Anything keeping me going is the Zac Brown Band concert in November 
Chelsea may have 33 out on loan; Wait till you see what's going on at Juventus 
"NLCS, Thursday night football, AND a rerun of USA v Lithuania game from the Summer Olympics. Could this night get any better? #probablynot" 
6th strike out by David Price. Love the calm &amp; trust from our pitcher #BlueJays 
See how cute she is on her day off? I spent my day off in my pjs watching the 1st season of Survivor on Amazon Prime 
@user Awesome Photo of the snow starting in West Liberty! May we broadcast with credit to you? 
Now y’all know all that Halloween candy is gonna be on clearance tomorrow...you can save it for Valentine’s day :) 
@user Even though there are other differences in the IOS features this still may make people lean a little more towards Apple. 
Walking through Glasgow in the pissing rain then George Harrison's dulcet tones appear on my earphones with 'Here Comes The Sun'. Nice. 
Just learned in MUHI 100 that Thursday is based on mythology.Thursday is named after Thor. I will never think of this day the same. THORSDAY 
Got my Chicago Bulls Tickets. Don't want to chance it. He may or may not come but I'm going. :) 
Awesome first show last night with Killswitch in Utrecht! Dank u wel !!! Rock Im Park tomorrow! #SMAAASHHH!!! 
New Post- Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Waiting on Wednesday #13) 
Great weekend...Roll Tide victory, browsed flea market (played with all the animals), now @ work...Monday...chilly Monday... :-/ 
Tomorrow is going to be a night full with @user we got Kevin harts show, BET life of Chris brown on and Jimmy Kimmel body on me !! 
Get your growler from @user and fill it up with pennies by June 22! #yyc #charity 
@user Hi there and best from Milan,ITALY; if Dgates made you angry as per NYT may I ask why? Xxx filippo" 
3000th tweet dedicated to Andy Carroll and West Ham, brilliant start to the season, now continue it with wigan on saturday! 
Happy Birthday Beyonce... now when it's Feb 2nd I want this reciprocated lol 
@user I would really love to get a PS Vita. My sisters 16th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one. #CKRComp 
I comeposed my first Twat on september 15th so technically iv had a twitter for a long time then forgot about it.. good to be back 
"Wow, you really know a lot about that movie Thor, Claire! 
May something in life make you as happy as Snoop Dogg with two giant bags of weed... 
Episode #31 of Minecraft just uploaded. I think the next episode I may go into the Nether. 
"Off to Edinburgh today, so excited! Foo Fighters tomorrow night, I'm so ready to rock with the guys! @user 
They figure they better get it all in tonight cause of Verlander tomorrow?  Is that it?  #Indians 
Got my alarm set so I can be up when tickets for shawn at the @user go on sale tomorrow! Want the best seats I can get. 
October 28th is Youth Sunday at the Upper Room Full Gospel Church! We invite you to  join us on Sundays at 11am... 
"Louis and Harry love home Sunday roast. Liam loves curry, while Niall loves all the food in general" 
Right, time to admit it. Who chose this Mozart-inspired Nokia ringtone? 
That brief scene of Ice Cube writing Friday in Straight Outta Compton made me laugh cos it reminded me of Kenny Powers writing his script 
Filming update: it is NOT the next Captain America that's filming tomorrow BUT is it a movie with Chris Evans! I So still a yay! 
Get back on the 16th, and have 25 days or so until move-in day at Northwestern, which I hope is enough time to binge watch Game of Thrones 
@user were down 6-2 to Kershaw heading into the 7th of the NLDS Game 1. This one isn't over #STLCards fans. #NLCS 
I want to go see Paper Towns tomorrow. 
"GAMERS!! Don't even think about missing The Blurb tonight on Challenge at midnight. We've got Rage, Deus Ex, Bodycount, Dead Island & more!" 
@user im so happy for you,welcome to Islam! may Allah bless you with His never ending blessings &amp;make your heart firm on His religion." 
Conor McGregor  vs Jose Aldo scheduled for Dec 12. That means we only have 3 mths until Aldo announces he's withdrawing due to 'injury' #UFC 
Seeing Undertaker laugh at Brock Lesnar may have been the greatest thing I have EVER SEEN! #BrockvsTaker #WWE #SummerSlam 
Tomorrow SOAS students will have a day of solidarity and symbolic action for Ghoncheh Ghavami 
Tomorrow night 9/8c on the CW Network watch a new episode of #BeautyandtheBeast !! Set your DVR for an exciting episode!! 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day! Sunday July 19th #IceCreamDay Come on down for a FREE Homemade waffle cone with every Ice Cream order! 
C’mon Rita i know you can do better! 
@user what about Wicked or a musical or Jurassic Park (I can see if that may be hard) keep up the great work! :) 
Hey everyone. Tomorrow is the "Hey Siri" event. They're just releasing the new iPhone details and the official iOS9 release date. 
Yodamole is just one idea in this round up post of fun ways to celebrate Star Wars Day on May 4th. 
Who's going to Eid fest tomorrow 
@user Kane should of scored and would of made it easy then. Still hope always the important goal is the 1st mate. plenty of time 
"Honored to work with the man Rolling Stone hails ""The Father of Modern #Bluegrass"" - Rodney Dillard! #nashville  
@user well make sure they are good then we be gucci I may have one 
Like Larry Bird in the Ole’ 3PT Contest... Tonight at the Alfred E. Smith dinner #Romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it. #ObamaFailed 
@user @user So my 3rd grader tells me you're interested in Minecraft lessons. He would love to show you the ropes! 
Palm Sunday Flo Rida is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it 
I THINK Bowen and Cofield will be better in 2nd yr, and hope Jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason, but those are unhatched eggs 
@user I'll meet you at Ihop on Edgewood road around 8:30, tomorrow. Ask for the Jeremy party! 
"See you again in April, Justin Bieber :) 
"Vettel is 100% correct. """"Have you perhaps a few suggestions on how I could spend Saturday afternoon in Austin?"""" 
"A great crowd of nearly 6,000 enjoyed National Hot Dog Day and Throwdown Thursday tonight! That's a lot of hot dogs! 
"Tickets avail for Insieme next Sunday, May 20th at Moomba! #Alessandra&Felicia on stage to perform +start a great night! Don't miss it y'all" 
Just watched the whole 2nd season of AHS in less then 24 hours. I'm not even ashamed. 
"Just looked up Foo Fighters set list for tomorrow, and I'm sooooo excited it's so perfect" 
Big L may be my favorite artist right now. Even tho he gon. RIP 
You're going to miss me singing a Frank Ocean this Friday if you do something other than this: 
It's Double Shot Two-Ticket Tuesday on Power 106.7! Every time you hear 2 Chris Brown songs Back-To-Back Caller #10 at 888-1067 WINS!! 
Can't wait for September 6th the new season of Sons of Anarchy starts woo hoo :-) 
"Lets go Andy! Murray wins the 3rd set, down 1-2. #usopen #andymurray" 
To me, Beyonce the 3rd best female entertainer of all time and a legend. 
David Beckham gets sweet tribute to wife Victoria as he remembers year they got married with new ...: 26 May 1... 
I think it may be a Snoop Dogg morning #smooth #ginandjuice #raremusic 
Even Bernie Sanders thinks Cal football isn't getting enough hype. There's no reason they can't start 5-0 and finish 2nd in the Pac-12 North 
on the bright side THE Maya Angelou will be arriving at Elon University tomorrow night. #WelcomeMaya 
So happy HISD has no school tomorrow! No student teaching in the morning!! 
"Our new #woodfire oven ready in the veggie patch #sunday roasts, twilight dinners 
  Register 4 the NACR Skype for Business event with @user for Sept 16th Chevy Chase, MD #skype4B #contactcenter 
@user Let's make him more likely to be confirmed  #Isaac4Smash #Isaac4Smash! #ISAAC4SMASH! C'mon, Nintendo, this is our childhoods! 
"Although the rain is falling, the sun is always shining at Cheddar, Almondsbury and Lechlade! What is everyone up to today?" 
Better take another look at Rick Perry.  Best record in the 12th largest world economy. AAA rating. 
@user If you were told you were going to lose to Floyd Mayweather in the 5th round you'd be rightly concerned about the first 4 rounds 
"Section: ""Not a single day without an event""  July 23  Holidays  Children's Day (Indonesia)  National Hot Dog Day... 
"Kanye West may be a douche bag at times, but he's a genius and an inspiration. #VMAs" 
@user thanks Bobby!  See you guys in December in the Smith Center 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. How could you miss that? Here's some food inspiration from @user 
@user Yesterday? lol alotta Afghans had birthdays yesterday it isnt even January 1st, Happy Birthday :D 
@user @user @user @user Man city, the group is tricky, Juventus to top, Sevilla n city will fight for 2nd 
Bringing out the classics tonight.  Maino’s If Tomorrow Comes >>>>> 
Sunday - Walking Dead Monday - Gotham Wednesday - The 100 Thursday - Vampire Diaries  just living life to the fullest 
I love Robert Griffin the 3rd !! :) 
"Foo Fighters, Iggy Pop and Royal Blood on Sunday. Now that's what you call a good gig (hopefully (in fact almost definitely) )" 
@user cun. Me and William are going to enrole tomorrow for our new course;) 
"Steve Jobs is my man of the century. 10 years ago, they were this close to bankruptcy. Today, Apple is the most valuable company in d world" 
Happy 22nd bday @user I hope your day is spoon free and filled with lots of pints from Niall!! 
Who so ever hate you doesn't matter.I know that you will be the 16th time champ. And hope you will break Ric Flair's record.NeverGiveUp 
#lallysmarine #boardbash 2012 coming to Ohio June 30th! Make sure to check it out! 
@user yes. Mexico.! im not from nikaragua. lma0. i swear idk were yu got that from.. im not even dark.! on the 17th(= 
@user Hope you win tonight Tom!  Your US and worldwide fans from @user and @user are cheering for u! 
I wish it was Sarah G. Day ’Cause that’s my funday My I don’t have to runday It’s just another manic Monday 
"Extra tickets to Iron Maiden baby // come with me Friday, don't forget to call her and use actual words" 
*Turns off phone and locks door.* I just got season 1 of Vampire Diaries from mom. I'm gonna watch it all with Anna today. 
"I enjoyed a day of fun in the sun with this beautiful lady today. In the words of Ice Cube, ""Today was a good day."" 
"Thinking about Zac Brown Band and @user ? Well ""Keep me on mind"" for a ZBB ride 5pm Thursday at Fenway!" 
My favourite Beatles song has to be Here comes the sun by the Brilliant George Harrison. The number one Beatle in my opinion. #Beatles 
Just had the amazing @user pick up her bespoke fascinator for Derby tomorrow, love this time of year #MelbCupCarnival 
Why would you still wear shorts when it’s this cold?!  I love how Britain see’s a bit of sun and they’re like ’OOOH LET’S STRIP!’ 
"gavins currently a mini van, we are going to abelardos, and there is nirvana on the radio.   what is monday night" 
Took a break to reread Moebius and Stan Lee's Silver Surfer book. It may be minor Moebius but I love it since it introduced me to his work. 
HAPPY SATURDAY MORNING!! If you're in Austin this weekend don't miss the state's LARGEST book festival happening this weekend at the capitol 
Babysitting 10 kids tomorrow night with Kerry! It's gonna be hectic 
"Hearing Paul McCartney live was absolutely incredible. I'm glad I wasn't in the crowd but I sat by the lake instead, which was amazing." 
Bee Gees - Saturday Night Fever (John Travolta) [HD] yeh boyy you know you're all dancing and sing to this one!!!  
"Longmire"premieres tomorrow on Netflix! Thank you Netflix for picking up season 4! 
"Will Saint West Be Kim Kardashian &amp; Kanye West's LAST Child?! Deets HERE!: Say it ain't so! On Monday, it was ... 
REHAB ALERT: David Wright will continue his rehab assignment with us on Tuesday. Game vs. Bradenton at 6:30 p.m. #Mets 
"My brothers GF is on me to use her Netflix acct, because I love my movies. So I'll all for giving it a try tonight" 
@user @user You weren't expecting him to lose were you?? Good luck in TT Monday! Get back the Maillot Jaune! 
My mom works with the mother of the girl that won Homecoming Queen at PHS last Friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email. 
Going to MetLife tomorrow but not to see the boys is a weird feeling 
"I loved the scene in #StraightOuttaCompton where Ice Cube was working on his screenplay for Friday. That was so inspiring, man." 
"Miles just hit a 3, matched by Gerald Green...Indy is a deep team...good test for Cavs tonight...down 3 half way thru 2nd..Waiters returning" 
Gut decision. Sharon Van Etten > Cat Power. Elicited emotion in me like the 1st moment I heard Trespassers William, or Casimir Pulaski Day. 
My generation learned to love the NFL every Monday night thanks to Frank Gifford. Sending all my prayers to his family  #RIPFrankGifford 
10 PS4 launch games wed love to see. These are our hopes & dreams Sony, be gentle with them: OPM: A new console ... 
Right, the 2nd tweet is better, but I’m at Harold Washington... @user 
OK so maybe I'm watching, for the 1st time, the 1st episode of the 1st season of Hannibal and OH MY LORD WHAT IS THIS 
Is Wikipedia more reliable than the Encyclopaedia Britannica? Worth a 2nd thought for librarians and young researchers: 
Argh! Gonna miss Friday &amp; another David Price start.. Hopefully make it back to in time to see a few innings 
Might just have to hit up Monday night raw because Brock Lesnar is going to be there. 
I had a dream yesturday that I went to a one direction concert and sat front row and Niall waved to me and he hopped off stage and hugged me 
"All you need is Ryan Leaf and you got a show. RT @user Aaron Rodgers, Kurt Warner and Kyle Kendrick are all in The Jungle tomorrow." 
Today should be on Nike tomorrow Glasgow to Edinburgh cycle so won't see Monday work so will miss it &amp; off Tuesday ???? My mojo has gone 
Carly Fiorina gets promoted to the top table for the Sep 16 CNN Republican nominee debate 
So excited to see so many of you heading to our Google+! Happy Friday! 
Love it when you have Bale first scorer, 2nd time in a week #loveit 
Wednesday is DJead night // the inimitable @user will bring another killer DJ set of Grateful Dead songs 
RT @user Heading back to Chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in Derby with the @user lad ... 
a group of little kids acting out the first ever Black Friday is this going to be rdj &amp; chris evans acting it out 
Traditional #refractoria curse: may your days &amp; nights be filled with the music of the Grateful Dead. 
Just did the math and realized that I get to see David Price pitch live next Sunday. Cool! #BlueJays 
Politico: Republicans Giddy Over Possible Biden Candidacy: Speculation that Vice President Joe Biden may make ... 
can’t wait for the West Chester Ohio Rally with Mitt tomorrow night along with the great Gov of OH! #RomneyRyan2012 @user  @user 
Good Luck to our Boys tomorrow as they take on the Bulls in the Currie Cup Semi Finals. You have already made us... 
Happy 3rd Monthsary #Loverss! :) Salamat sa pag support ky Ate @user :) All for Deniesse, All for the Love. 
Ben Sollee with Luke and Jordan lit up the Cactus Cafe last night. Can't wait to see them gsdm tomorrow. 
Robert Pattinson paid tribute to his Bel Ami co-star Uma Thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th W ...  
Its like the 26th now yet im not sleepy...i blame twilight series 
Sun. is National Ice Cream Day! Celebrate at @user with FREE sundae toppings from 12noon-5pm. 
Tomorrow for my birthday, I'll be carrying around a boombox on my shoulder, listening to Ric Flair by @user all day. 
I’m excited for the new Tomb Raider game even though it comes out in March. They’re talking it back to the start don’t you know? 
Jim Luxford of East York with Calendar #1381619, our 1st $5,000 Daily Winner for September 11! 
@user is coming up this weekend!! We’re super excited! Playing the Blue Stage on Sat night right before A$AP Rocky! 
"Justin Bieber, wrapped up a generous qualifications, which could speak to the better than she may endeavour at first private" 
God luck to Jessica and Randip both running the BUPA #Birmingham run this Sunday and fundraising for @user 
@user yea im good thanks, and no but i am in haltwhistle. are you staying at phils on fri, i was guna pop in and say hi to him?" 
#PhraseThatPays is back tomorrow morning at 7am with Ian and Chelsea! Make sure you are registered so you can win $500! 1049virginradio.ca 
I've been a bob Marley fan since like the 5th grade 
This hopefully means that MCPE will come out for IOS around the 8th of September along with all other versions! 
@user oh!! Maybe pride tomorrow? Or metro?? I rlly wanna go to that Asian place with Kpop stuff... 
"This morning as I sat on the subway on my way to work, listening to U2's Calirfornia I tuned into and sent love... 
"Since tomorrow is the 9th anniversary of George Harrison's death, my tweets will just be about George.  Sound good?" 
10.12.14  the Civil Engineering General Assembly.  DivergenCE: Dare to be YOUnique.  READY NA BA PERFORMANCES NIYO? :)  See you tomorrow! 
10 PS4 launch games wed love to see. These are our hopes & dreams Sony, be gentle with them: OPM: A new... Postters 
"Kerry Washington, Viola Davis, Amy Schumer and Jill Soloway all make @user power 100 list for 1st time. #changingtheworld" 
I used to absolutely love the music to Silent Hill. Even had it on my ipod! 
@user Then again, this is coming from the girl who just saw Ant-man for the 3rd time" 
Driving from Venice to Interlaken. The sun peeks through the dark clouds @ Sustenpass 
@user 9k day! They just honored Matt Cain. Gave him the key the city and made every June 13th from here forward Matt Cain day! 
Republic day in turkey 29 Oct fire work awesome 
Da bulls will be good until drose gets back...I figure they will b a solid 4th seed when he returns 
"GOOD MORNING! my timeline works again! I couldn't read your tweets in it, luckily I was checking Milan's twitter when he started to write =)" 
"These lil girls singing """"Birthday Cake"""" .....girl it was yo 10th birthday the other day smh lol" 
Roma enjoying a run in the sun 
I have a feeling Arsenal WILL beat Stoke on Saturday, especially as I'm lucky enough to be going, so excited .... 
.@SirJamieH I first saw him on Dana White's pilot episode and saw his fight in October - he does look impressive 
"Swapped out broken Franken-part in my car, saw Ant-Man with family, took a nap, wrote for a bit, ate Ice Cream. Saturday: victorious." 
#unstoppable MT @user @user I can teach you the ways. I may be Sidney Crosby but you can be my James Neal. Both good looking. 
Navy Band concert to feature music from "Jurassic Park" tomorrow night at the #redlandsbowl 
Tomorrow night everybody gone be that Chris brown picture on ig that says I don't want to go there because school the next day lol 
"On December 19th I came over to your house, we put on Twilight and slept together on your couch. slept slept, no sex. it was lovely." 
Project X is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one, like this Friday. #makeithappen 
This may be the greatest internet video of all time. Randy Orton vs The Avengers - Age of RKO 
Whatta match yesterday! We may have not won but we probably played better then Dublin and Kerry will in the final &lt;3 
Some round from Dustin Johnson considering he started with an 8 on the 1st. Another case of what might've been for him at Whistling Straits. 
Dustin Johnson kissed #Paulina #Gretzky under the fireworks on Fourth of July# 
"About to watch American Horror Story for the 1st time, REALLY hoping its worth it considering how hyped everyone is about it." 
@user @user i'm working to make masked lumen and in March i'll go to cartoomics in milan with a big italian group for bayo 
I gonna Jiujitsu training tomorrow wanna fight with strong guys hihi 
"this is a big month for us! tomorrow we're playing in Davis at the Whole Earth Festival, then kicking off our... 
Eid's 3rd day....:) loving 
Looking forward to seeing all our potential 4:19 participants next Saturday for our free taster at the Joseph wright center. 
Selhurst Park has always been a difficult place for Chelsea.  We're gonna make things easy tomorrow. #CFC 
My mom and I sat in the bathroom all night jamming nirvana and painting our nails &amp; just talking. Probably the best night I've had in awhile 
@user @user @user I just watched it! Sridevi’s comeback.... U remember her from the 90s?? Sun mornings on NTA ;) 
Thank you Experience Perth for sharing #Chittering Markets - Chittering Valley Twilight Markets on Saturday 12th... 
Wishing the best for the new Service Chiefs.  May they find wisdom and knowledge to fight Boko Haram #GodBlessNigeria 
See ya in Victory Lane Jan 1..no more twitter vx your one of the best things in my life ...try not to be mean GBU 
I Need to make a Ihop run tomorrow 
@user @user is doing up St Pattys in style tonight!  Pears' Pub !  Special BYOB pub!!  Have fun!! 
- How true. Think it's time for another Deus Ex playthrough before DX3 is released Friday week. 
YES we all know INDIO vs CV is tomorrow the BELL GAME. Its enough.!! 
Going to go watch the 36 Saints movie on my tv.  Night! Cya tomorrow. Oh I watched Big Brother. LOL! 
Oh hey David Price pitches for the Jays tomorrow.   Good luck shitwanks. 
David Cameron &amp; Theresa May - please just *do something* to help #refugeeswelcome @user @user #migrantcrisis 
@user but I do agree wit 2nd in east as long as DRose sits out most of the year 
Morning all. Just woke up to Madonna on the radio with Borderline. Cool 
Had a great day on set of my new show  on Fox #MorningMarketplace. It premieres Monday during sweeps... Fingers crossed! @user #RVA 
"Celebrate National Hot Dog Day: Thursday is National Hot Dog Day, with some businesses offering deals in Hampt... 
Beautiful Sunday \l/ Let's practice Yoga! NEW SUNDAY CLASS ALERT! 11.30am starting today with the gorgeous Anina... 
@user well.. Norman Reedus said he'd drop everything he's doing to film the 3rd Boondock Saints. Just a heads up haha. 
Really want to go to Eric Church tomorrow.. 
Can’t wait for ISS tomorrow.... Not but at least ill have Kenna with me 
@user john cena was the love of my life ok I watched wrestling when I was in like 3rd grade 
16th season of law &amp; order svu is on netflix you're welcome 
Now playing Foo Fighters -  Cold Day in the Sun 
@user @user Four Lions is on Sunday night @ 9pm on @user Make sure you watch it boys. (Eid Mubarck Imran) #veryfunnyfilm 
Funny when Fleetwood Mac's "Monday Morning" comes up on shuffle during the first run of the week 
Another day of ISS tomorrow. It won’t even that bad. 
@user Netflix are about to make some more: 
I may love asians from Japan! But I have a girl that I'm gonna marry. Believe it! She's a ghetto ass short girl that's clumsy as fuck lol. 
Google+ may have thrown in the social media towel, but it still has great features. Here's 6!  via @user 
Who wants to meet the Bulls tomorrow got tickets. Let me know ASAP!!! #free 
Nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today ... I highly recommend 
"Thursday July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day!   What a better way than having one ""All the Way?"" 
Dwight Howard is dominating this game 29 pts & 9 rebs with 15 minutes left in the game (3 mins in 3rd & whole 4th qtr) #LakersPride 
"I may not be old enough to get blown up fighting a war for Saudi Arabia but no worries, I can salute the Blue Angels at the football stadium" 
World Music Festival returns -- free but smaller: The good news: All events at the 14th annual World Music Festi... 
hopefully Zayn will tweet something tomorrow so I will be hydrated the crops will be watered children fed skin clear FINGERS CROSSED 
"#StraightOuttaCompton director F. Gary Gray: Living in hotel, working in music, linking up with Ice Cube for 'Friday' 
"Foo Fighters Rick Roll Westboro Baptist Church #NW it's not really a song or a loud monday, but it's amazing so ^^" 
"And like all those left behind by the 257 people he helped kill, hope Yakub's daughter finds peace &amp; a better world. She turns 21 tomorrow." 
3 wickets in 1st session, Eng bowlers will be extremely happy! Just Tiwary, Raina and Saha left along with Yuvi. Rayudu should’ve played! 
Friday Night lights:   West Liberty 21 Mediapolis 56  Pulling for you Comets! 
RT @user opening ceremony Fri 8.30 amNZ v Tonga 9.15am OH v happy as he has Friday off  &lt;YAY. Might make ANZAC biscuits #RWC 
Watchin Step Up <3 the 1st one is the best with Channing Tatum as the main guy >>> 
I have to say the Pony scene from Magic Mike XXL may be some of Channing's finest dancing 
The #Dementia Community Roadshow vehicle will join Manchester's pride parade on Saturday August 29 for the first time 
Sat in a boozer in Bethnal Green listening to the DJ play @user  - I think I like it at about 138bpm. 
Trying to go watch Milan at least 3 times a season now may as well spend my money on something I will enjoy never know what round the corner 
When was the last time we've had a subpar Monday Night #Raw? Tonight looks to be no different! Seth Rollins is gold. 
Chris Brown concert tomorrow. Who's willing to go with me? 
@user hey girls, I'd love a follow back please please! I can't wait to see you at Blackpool illuminations on 31st! Love you xxxxxx" 
I was in like the 4th, 5th, 6th grade burning CDs and mixtapes that faithfully consisted of Dipset, old Bone Thugs, and hella Jay-Z 
Now playing on #UrbanGold : U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday  80's : Nothing but the best! 
Liked on YouTube: Moto G 3rd Gen 2015 Model Review with Pros &amp; Cons 
"A rumor popped out about an @user concert in Kyiv this February. I wonder how true that is. I'm so going if it's true, though." 
"On September 3 at the Pride Park Ground, Derby, UK. There will be India vs Pakistan football match. That will surely be worth watching!" 
"Aww Yiss, @user @user and I are going to look at pretty tattooed boys at Nekromantix tomorrow!" 
Baby Colton is a Saint Bernard!!!! I may have the cutest godson in ze world!!! @user 
@user Garrett, you are awesome and it was so cool talking to you tonight! David Bowie forever \m/ See you tomorrow, hombre. 
Swanage - An Apple IPhone has been handed in @ Swanage Town Hall Office. Please come in and speak to us if you think it may be yours. 
"Monday Madness is still going strong throughout Miami! Come by Pinecrest, Coral Gables, Doral or Miami Beach... 
@user Do you have show times available for Foo Fighters this Saturday? 
Excited for @user video tomorrow with Skylynn because videos with her are always the best! She's so adorrbbs! 
Looks like the @user Defense will be getting a A on Sunday. My hypothesis? Aaron Rodgers will be eating a lot of mud pies.#KeepPounding 
"There is no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he turned the sun up." 
Chris Bosh may not be easy on the eyes, but he has a freakin beautiful family! 
WIN TICKETS TO SEE MS. JANET JACKSON LIVE THIS AFTERNOON with Richard Ryder!    Janet Jackson live September 15 at... 
Listening to my playlist from the weekend is massively putting me in the mood for Circoloco on Sat. Bring it on! 
Sounds premature. Hope it's true: Boko Haram has been 'decapitated': Chadian leader - via @user 
november 13th is gonna be a great day bc we're finally gonna hear the masterpiece that justin created 
@user I wanted to come to York with you guys on Sunday but I'm working! 
Yeaaah tomorrow I can download the mew Pretty Little Liars again!! #PPL 
What have you got planned for Halloween? Friday 31st of October we party with the ghouls and ghosts! 
Triple H was never Ric Flair's Bitch... this Sunday? I'm guna make you mine! @user 2 @user ;) #SummerSlam #Badass @user 
July 20th 2015 is a historic Night thanks to the #WWE #RAW and #TheDeadMan @user for bringing in Brock Lesnar to start a riot #WWE 
"David Price out of the 1st.  OMG you guys, Ivan Nova is a Yankee!  #BlueJays" 
@user I'm glad it's not my call! He looked amazing. So did Kershaw in the 6th of game 1. 
"Me and my beautiful daughter back in April, Mother's Day shoot with the lovely Jo Rutherford x" 
Ya i was wondering wha that was lolRT @user So I may have just seen a UFO. anyone else in Mboro see those crazy lights in the sky? 
Yup just RSVP'd to see Catelynn and Tyler from Teen Mom on Thursday... #noshame 
Anyone want to go to Riot Fest on Saturday with me? Please? It is a free ticket. 
The BBC are asking if last night’s Carling Cup 4th round tie between Reading and Arsenal was the greatest cup tie of all time. Honestly. 
"I may not remember where I was the day Kennedy was shot, but I remember jerking off the first time I watched Katy Perry's ""I Kissed a Girl.""" 
Argus Dental Plan Becomes 1st Dental Plan in the US to Receive @user  Accreditation! Read our press release: 
@user you are one of my favorite wrestlers I was dying when you came at seth rollins on monday night raw. 
"Happy Friday morning to my buddy @user over in Korea. Since you're ahead of us, can you tell me if the Tops won last night?" 
"All you HNN All-Stars know who I want to send a big birthday shoutout to...Prince George!  Happy 2nd birthday, your future majesty!" 
"Review: Florida Georgia Line Fun on 2nd Album: Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelly keep the mood fun and grooving, w... 
I don't operate any iOS devices anymore but I'll still tune into the big show tomorrow. Still fun to watch the event and see what's what. 
@user TKaMB is her favorite book and Atticus is (was) her favorite literary character. I hear Comes a Watchman was the 1st book 
My Saturday night consists of me watching The Big Bang Theory season 7 with Cam :) 
All I know is I'm going to see Sam Smith tomorrow.. Like I honestly do not care about anything else in this world.. 
It's the Saturday of a long weekend and I'm at home watching Sharknado. This is my new life. 
Dale Sun doesn't use Oracle, he is the Oracle. 
WHEN I THINK OF YOU by JANET JACKSON was no.10 in the UK charts on 8 September 1986 
"It's better than Pi Day in the states, which is 14th March, or in the mm/dd format, 3/14 (3.14). Pie, anyone? #changingthesubject" 
White Sox take game one of the series in their throwback uniforms 4-2. Blog to come tomorrow! #GoMariners 
Don't miss out on the free showing of the summer hit, Jurassic World, tomorrow, Wednesday in CC 121 at 4:00p.m. #NOVA 
May napapansin talaga ako kay Morisette everytime she belts. It's the "intentional vocal crack" like what Mariah Carey does. Galing! 
"My Dad is in town, get to see him on Friday, then seeing Skrillex at Bluesfest on Saturday. Looks like its going to be a good weekend :)" 
Loving the opening debates rap game Kathy Crowley October 20 - Bruno Mars 
@user Definitely possible! I do it all the time with Game of Thrones. I may even like the series better (hides)! 
Sometimes you just got to put the Michael Jackson song from Free Willy on repeat all morning. 
Awesome talk from awesome @user in the Star apprentice class tonite on social media! Just in time for Super Tuesday! 
"media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday , saturday is gonna be epic @user 
"Went and saw Paper Towns, got Baskin Robins, sat in the car and talked about life for 4 hours, got home at 3 AM. I'm gonna miss Shannon." 
Parlay hit, fantasy teams won, Giants sweep, Niners smash. Best week ever, and it’s only Monday. 
TOMORROW NIGHT - JAMROCK Hull @user with guest Tanni Browne doing his Bob Marley tribute act 
@user @user all the crew at the den university of Calgary will be cheering with u next Sunday. Go stamps go. 
Everyone is invited this Wednesday.  To be in the drawing for the Apple Watch, bring your backpack for the... 
#KurtCobain #Nirvana And they keep asking me why do I love him this much Kurt you're the best! Love Nirvana fav band 
I just scanned that Batman comic. I will post it tomorrow on my website, Tumblr, Facebook, MySpace, LinkedIn, Friendster, LiveJournal, etc. 
Kpop ignites the capital with its 2nd biggest concert in India: Kumkum Chourasia New Delhi: Delhizens witness ... 
I also like very much the fact that George Osborne's 21st birthday cake was a replica of Magdalen college #lad 
Counting down the days for Rolling Stone Pool Side Party!Sat 22 August 2015 at 3pm 
Happy 27th birthday Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) - have a great day from everyone at @user ! 
Eid is a day to wish and make merry together. May your life be full of such great days! Wish you all splendors of this beautiful E 
"Thanks to all those who joined UYSA and the University of Utah in celebrating Youth Soccer Month last Saturday,... 
Have a strong urge to have a Harry Potter marathon tonight &amp; tomorrow 
Chris Evans says goodbye to TFI Friday as he moves into Top Gear for new motoring show 
"2nd win today, 2/1.. Lets keep it up guys ! Next game on saturday at Helsinki.." 
"Happy Friday Everyone. Except you, Gandhi. Because you're dead. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA" 
Soccer Saturday with our son. They’re playing the hardest team in the league. Then the All-star game. #proudparents 
@user Eden Hazard....that lad is FIT haha you over Tuesday? Haha 
@user GOOD GIRL, I’ll see you tomorrow? 
#ChrisFanatics unite! Be at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on Oct 27 for the #ArtistaAcademy Grand Finals! #TeamChris @user 
Going to the Georgetown game on Friday! #imwearingblue #istillloveeastview 
it's friday so give me two claps and a Ric Flair! 
I'm going to see Snoop Dogg (aka DJ Snoopadelic) dj tomorrow at Sankeys and that's all that matters 
"Hey it's Monday. Just remember, Cate Blanchett as Galadriel. Have a great week everyone." 
@user lol, relax ba! Btw tomorrow want play street soccer at art park? With vanguard? Most lowly at 10am. But not yet confirm" 
Like a good neighbor State Farm is there...with a check for the damage to my truck...hopefully tomorrow! 
@user @user Thank you!  =)  Quick note: Orccon is Presidents Day weekend (Feb), not Labor Day. :) 
Red Foo (LMFAO) & The Party Rock Crew are going to rock the Singapore Indoor Stadium on November 5th! Who's excited? :D 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! Stop by the Leasing Office tomorrow between 11:00-1:00pm to enjoy some delicious hot dogs. 
Looking forward to Thursday bc that new episode of naruto is going to have me on my ass 
I miss Black Friday with @user . When her mother always had us eat up all the Thanksgiving Leftovers ! 
starting 11th in heat one with the World of Outlaws at Eldora Speedway! 
Tomorrow Yoga practice is about connecting with our Third Eye! New Soundtrack too!!!! #reveilleyogastudio #RiversideYoga 
Giant iPad anyone? Don't forget to check out the Apple Event at 1pm EST. #apple #charlotte 
May we remind folks National Hot Dog Day is coming up on July 23rd - blowout specials that day! #foodporn #nomnom 
I hope john cena is ok it seems like he may of been dropped preety hard by Kevin Owens during a house show tonight hopefully it's not 
So proud of @user for the huge upset against Maryland. Time for us to do the same tomorrow night #godeacs 
More primary filing mess, Timmonsville is at it again, and more 7th Congressional interviews. Thank God it is Friday! #flosc 
The @user Soundboard may have been the best 69p i've ever spent 
Dear Christina Grimmie, you may not know it but sometimes your songs are all I need when I’m feeling down. 
"...Gandhi said, 'Be the change you want to see in the world.' In this simple sentiment we can find hope... 
@user dam. cant wait to get back. i come home tomorrow night, but leave the next day for elon university in NC 
@user I'm serious you talking lyrics and snoop Dogg on there and Dr dre c'mon 
What A Feeling reminds me of Bee Gees song in Saturday Night Fever movie soundtrack you can check it outttt it has some vibe of it 
Sherman or Harper: Who knows the strike zone better? My column: 
Lol it was Labor Day weekend chill out  
Hey LA music folks. You going to #HardSummer Aug 4&5 #LosAngeles’ Most Significant Music Festival. Go Destructo! 
So is today National Ice Cream Day or next Sunday? I want some!      #NationalIceCreamDay 
@user Aww thank you Danica! You are an amazing person with so much talent and love! Hope to see you in Miami this coming March. 
~on ISTEP i passed math but not english O well i am going to the 9th grade WOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
@user Okay sweet, sorry to be a bum! have a good evening tomorrow, Nit said she'd be up for a drink in the week aswell :) x" 
Being on the phone to @user live from the Foo Fighters gig is livening my Saturday night right up! 
"I am not pretty, i am not beautiful, i am as radiant as the sun. -the most purf person ever: Miss Jennifer Lawrence       ~M" 
"I have grown to love @user character, April, throughout the Sharknado franchise. #Sharknado3" 
Morning all! me he despertado he peusto la MTV y estaban hablando de Green Day! que bonito despertar! 
@user We come from Ireland and you come from Italy! we are both free spirits and we found each other! See you in Milan on Jan 7th! x 
Did you know that 'The Vamps' was Trending Topic on Thursday 5 for 6 hours in Belgium? #trndnl 
@user plzz accept Minecraft update by at least Sunday or Monday please we are all waiting for it we all have been waiting for a month1/2 
Should you upgrade to @user new OS, #Windows10?  Lunch-and-Learn, in #PalmCoast, this Wednesday, Sept 9th: 
When is David Price's next gone start? I'm hoping next Fri the 14th since I've got tickets for that game vs the Yankees 
"Roar by Katy Perry was #1 on my 18th birthday, which makes it the theme tune of my life! Find out yours: 
LADY TECNIQ NEWS A Quick Pope Primer: Things to Know Before His Historic Visit to the United States Later This Mon... 
"Every time I'm about to spend money, I have to remember Janet Jackson is coming in January and I need to save" 
Who wants to to a Knoxville ice bears hockey game with me November 9? #yaknowyawanna 
"In celebration of National Women's Day on 9th of August, Poise Brands, in association with Body Sense Boutique... 
Taste of Tremont + National Ice Cream Day. This may be the best day of my entire life. 
morning tweeps! i'm going to Milan today! yaay 
@user @user  I hope you saw this Rolling Stone article.  It's amazing!!  See u in Baltimore Sat!  
@user so glad I was the grand prize winner to see Zac Brown Band I can't wait til October :) 
Getting the most from Google+ for your Business? Join our next Workshop in Derby 10 September 
Not even started this essay thats to be in for tomorrow. Christmas opening night at the garden centre was much more fun! 
Lionel Messi is the 2nd best player of all time. There's only one better than him...VLC.  :-D 
"In other news, can't wait to see Ant-Man tomorrow night, hopefully it's what I expect" 
Somebody should bring me a ice chips ahoy from dunkin donuts tomorrow I'll pay you back 
Go through the best flip covers and back covers available for Moto G 3rd Gen  #Motorola #Smartphones #MotoG3rdGen 
-Saturday night be at the Barack Shrine in Monroe ! #TeamLCF gone be in full affect ! #GSU #JSU #ULL #ULM #LaTech #LetzGetIt @user 
"Carvel Ice Cream is celebrating National Ice Cream Day, Sunday, July 19, with buy one, get one soft serve ones.... 
I want some Dunkin tomorrow morning 
Episode 39: Ant-Man the Comics is out now to hold you over until Episode 40 arrives on Wednesday! 
Calling all progressives: help us reform the welfare state - George Osborne: 
I feel so enlightened. what do I do with my life now. I may have reached nirvana. 
@user may ALLAH give you more eager to know about ISLAM. 
Watching Kevin Hart dvd. I will not be going back to sleep tonight. Im bouta be rolling. 
always be my baby came on in 2nd period and all i can think of was the girls Mariah Carey mashup 
Be sure to tune in Thursday's 2-4 pm for a brand new show with @user @user and yes I'm bringing David Bowie checkpoint with me 
@user @user @user take saturday. compare byram and bellusci. now because bellusci is more animated does that mean he cares 
Here in the Philippines, Its November 2 and I was like where’s my phone?! What is the time in LONDON?! #Excited #LittleThngs @user 
'Labor Day' appeared on Tuesday 8 at the 20th place in the Top20 of Ottawa's Trends: #trndnl 
@user GOT 'EM after 3 min using the SNKRS app! Going forward I hope all Saturday releases could go as smoothly. Thank you Nike. 
"Just for clarification, Spock is referring to time travel in that quote, it might be possible by Gingrich's 16th year in office." 
Banging on The #RollingStones on a Friday night with @user to start the weekend - after-hour Nirvana. 
@user lol sounds nice, no beer for you, but I will be going to foo fighters on Thursday if you are back in town lol" 
Remembering Michael Jackson Thursday, September 3rd Starting at 22:00  Party like a king in memory of the King of... 
"I'm very happy to hear that, Sam Smith will be singing the theme song of #SPECTRE Bring on October 26th" 
Sushis + Rafa on the TV = best way to end this Sunday. #vamos :-) 
"Roses are red, violets are blue, happy Star Wars Day, May the Fourth be with you." 
Red Sox score eight in the 4th Where has this been all season?! These guys are having fun out there!  
@user morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics 
Smashing FIFA atm won the Capital One Cup,1st in the league and in the finals of the F.A Cup and Champions League 
Oh yeah just cant wait Spring Breakers apparently got a Worldwide release on March 5th 2013.. I WANT IT JUST SO hype #fb 
@user Ha, I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I'm just happy it's not Vettel's 5th consecutive championship #easilypleased" 
Great game yesterday @user   Sat by your mom. Lovely lady, but why was she was rockin all Addidas gear? Momma deserves some Nike. 
"The Twilight Sad, the Guinness and the Rangers. The perfect Saturday. 
@user and won’t take much time. I thought your views may be better presented to cycling world in Poland if you say sth more """"directly""""." 
@user people forget how good the Bee Gees were before Saturday Night Fever 
@user @user looks like it’s coming on Valentine’s Day. I liked the 4th, I think 5 will be just as good. He’s in Russia this time. 
@user happy birthday for tomorrow Kerry,soo proud of how you've turned your life around,have a fab day xx 
Dr. Mohammed Morsi announced as Egypt’s first elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution.... 
@user Michelle Obama may be the first lady, but these shoes will make you a lady in the streets (and a freak in the bed). 
I'll make my friends listening to Calibraska when I back to school on monday #CalibraskaEP 
"Paul Dunne is awesome; ""hole's the same size tomorrow"", &amp; ""the ball always does what you tell it"" are my new favourite golfing catchphrases" 
@user but are you ready FOR SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY JOHN CENA FACES HIS ENEMY IN A ONE ON ONE CAGE MATCH TILL THE DEATH 
@user happy Thursday, Briana. I hope you have a good one. :)" 
@user Brian McDermott say """"there's never a bad day when your in charge of Leeds United"""" on soccer sat! #worstdayofmylife" 
Richie Hawtin - Monday Night - Buffalo Town Ballroom - Don’t miss it! 
I've been working with the youngsters of Pucklechurch to decorate the subway. How does Bob Marley like his donuts? 
Looking forward to some March Fourth Marching Band madness tonight at @user 
"I'm loving all these quotes from the cry baby Royals about Thor's 1st pitch to Escobar. If I'm Matz, I'm doing the same thing Saturday." 
@user I'd be going forever man, order a taxi every Monday for me graveyard to Digi, buried with K2's and that 
I just have a very strong connections with Paper Towns. Probably my 2nd favorite book of all time. 
Stimulating & promising speech of the World Bank’s President Jim Yong Kim in the Annual Meeting held in Tokyo on Oct 12 
I liked a @user video Jay Park Dancing Dougie with Prepix in front T.G.I.Friday's (cl 
Saturday arvo, sunshine, #homebrew and the Grateful Dead.    Perfect! 
L.A tomorrow going to my favorite pizza parlor on Fairfax :) 
@user @user Obama has made your country more likeable, it proves you may have one brain cell, because he was voted in! 
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Welcome 2nd Child: A Boy: We think you'll be pleased to know that the new arriva... 
Obama may have been better off staying put, personally I’m glad he’s back on the trail- he’s helping move people to Mitt! 
@user Sounds good. So would Queen's Birthday holiday and Labour Day holidays then be on the following Tuesday? It's only fair 
@user dunno, Sky reporting it tonight, Everton & Bolton also interested according to Twitter search" 
We're so excited to be part of the Still We Rise Gala on Dec 3. Join us! @user 
Looking forward to Celebrity Juice tonight. 
@user I know!! Makikipaglaban ako ng walang sandata lang ang peg =)))))) Tas sa ICS, may sched na, with prof pa!!" 
when niall smiles in concerts the smile goes to his eyes because they are brighter than the sun 
@user Harry Potter, Percy Jackson, Thursday Next, Game of Thrones, or Pillars of the Earth are mine. #SS15 
@user watched the cricket, awesome game, followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves! Great night of TV!" 
"Just posted my video from my trip to Milan for the MTV EMAs back in October. It's pretty cool. I mean, I'd watch... 
"Review: Motorola G 3rd Gen: With its great camera and funky design, the new Moto G is a fantastic budget smart... 
"Thanks to @user and @user I have been reminded that Ice Cube's ""good day"" was my 4th birthday." 
#2 in the BCS! Let’s all enjoy this moment in the sun. It’s been a long time coming for the Wildcat faithful! #EMAW 
Bulls came back Butler went crazy in the 4th 
Happy wacky Wednesday everyone! Here's a crazy car fact that might surprise you: Volkswagen owns Bentley,... 
Sam Smith blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at #ElectricPicnic on Saturday. Best act of the weekend! @user you da best! 
@user cant bud going to Kentucky. If you wait till sunday fun day id like to go. 
Watched some of the #CMAAwards b/c of Hayden Panettiere & saw Carrie Underwood do gangnam style! lol It will be the 1st billion views video! 
Baseball game with Brentley tomorrow #goddoesgoodthing  @user we r. Back @user @user 
@user @user @user @user not until they are back with Nike. Until then they are "sun". (Google this. It's funny). 
Wow this Benji story is amazing! Then Drose won the state champs with his number 4 the 1st time since Benji won it...wow 
Please believe on Sept 9th I will be in the theater watching Kevin Hart's new movie... 
Tomorrow I’m going to the Knicks vs Celtics game ^.^ cool 
And just a FYI, that blank headline spot for DOTD Sunday is Snoop Dogg 
The Saving Innocence 1st annual gala is just one month away!  Please join us for an evening of dinner, wine,... 
Jimmy McGovern's 'Hillsborough' airing again this Sunday on ITV3 for anyone that might want to see it. 
Thanksgiving leftovers still good the 2nd &amp; 3rd time around. #Yum #Smashing 
Marley Monday at Reggae Central... 20% off all Bob Marley merchandise today with code word "BMW." 
GREAT class tonight!!  You all brought it 100% .  I was dripping BEFORE the pushups tonight...see you tomorrow for ZUMBA at 5:30 
John cena love you ask a question you will be Monday in wwe ?? 
Joe Kelly with his 7th straight win! Bullpen still sucks but Red Sox still win! 
The captain is back David Wright is set to return to the Mets Monday versus the Philadelphia Phillies 
@user yes. I am the Remus Lupin of werebears. Just watch out at the next full moon. I may once again attempt to steal your honey... 
"HTB, MOB, PBC, Strife, Defeater, Living with Lions and The Bronx today. AAAWWH YEEEAH HEVY YEEEEAHHH" 
articlesection classpagepAndroid Wear may be very close to working with iOS 
So excited for Jonathan Kozol tomorrow I can't even stand it. 
Can't wait for #RAW tomorrow! Brock Lesnar and Undertaker in the same arena?!? #WWE 
OK SORRY SM Sta. Rosa, November 10! See you guys! =) 
"Been w/ @user Romo, & Taylor for the last 3 days! Hopefully seeing @user and @user and then goin' home w/her today heh" 
"So its sake at Gui Sensai's tonight hmmmm interesting, although I may just spend time with Naruto, we rarely have any time together" 
"I like how u mentioned COWBOYS 1st RT @user NFL NETWORK tlk abt the sme teams evryday! Cowboys, Jets, Steelers, Ravens, Colts, Packers" 
Lorenzo Brown gave nervous #NCState fans one less thing to worry about on Tuesday in Spain: 
Alright #ymm! Tonight I champion Shoeless Joe at #ymmREADS! C'mon out and find out how a shoe gal can defend a book with that title ;) 
@user Obama is making a trip to Des Moines Monday.. You and @user coming down for it? 
It’s Friday Love Question time - I’m answering as many Love Questions as possible with cards and astrology - now! 
@user happy 2nd birthday prince George hope you have a great day with your mother, father and baby sister love you all xoxo" 
@user Chuck Norris once stared at the sun for hours... the sun then blinked. 
Zayn's smile is brighter than the shinning sun His eyes are brighter than the shinning stars And his personality as calm as the moonlight 
Paper Towns is finally out in the UK tomorrow!! 
For all the fans outthere: Kurt Cobain's 1st band album poke @user 
my 1st gen moto G is more solid than Nokia 3310. I love the stock android on Moto G  
"This is soooo good! Sunday Jam ""@LucyRoseMusic covers Taylor Swift's Bad Blood in the Live Lounge"" 
"July 19th is National Ice Cream Day, are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor? #therealhungergames #yummy 
We’re going to be in the rose parade tomorrow with the other obedience club dogs! Lizzie will be wearing roses! :-) 
@user I’m excited to get my Paul George jersey signed by you Sunday at the fan jam! 
I'm gonna jump into @user window playing the John Cena anthem tomorrow night. FYI 
I cannot wait until November 12th not only is it my one year wedding anniversary but teen mom 2 comes back on #score 
#tech Confirmed: Galaxy Note 5 Unpacked event set for August 13th: Rumors about the Galaxy Note 5 launch... #news 
Won tickets on the @user Show with @user to see @user at @user this Sunday. Tom’s from Alsip, right? ;-) #Harvey 
I am Predicting a Baby Boom in September - for those that are throwing caution to the wind and going to out with a bang on Thursday Night. 
It's Star Wars Day in the LLC tomorrow! Don't miss it!! #WheatonNorth 
Today during 6th it was dead silent in the library &amp; all of a sudden my iPad started blasting Jay-Z's voice saying "Motherfucker I got this" 
@user Looking forward to the Lions game tonight. Tele on, sound down, and Church on the radio. And the Rey with a form to dream of!" 
@user @user haha the Bucs c’mon the t wolves are way better than them love Rubio ak 47 Derrick Williams b Roy !! Shved is good 2 
"Taison scores for Metalist in Kyiv, and it's the 2nd goal I've seen today that arrives for having the defensive line in the opposition half." 
"July 20. 50 years of Like a Rolling Stone. Today is the day to drop the needle and ""Play it Fucking Loud."" 
Tomorrow my day will begin with the loud crack of a snare drum... Like a Rolling Stone turns 50 /via @user 
"Dear bros/sis in Islam, ASSALAMU ALAYKUM and May Almighty Allah peace be upon all of you!. Why Saying... 
'Wrong one' is probably my favourite in Calibraska because Dublin is mentioned in it ?? #CalibraskaEP I can't wait to see them in November! 
Check for all the reaction to Saturday's 2-1 win over Bolton Wanderers #Millwall 
Kim Kardashian is one stylish mama! The star of E!'s Keeping Up With the Kardashians announced Saturday morning that she has given birth 
I can't wait for the main event of Summerslam Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar! May the best man win! 
The Netherlands came out 2nd in the 4x100 relay at the London Grand Prix. #wedoinggood 
All set for an amazing day tomorrow as I present to the church what happened in Ireland! Hopefully it goes smoothly!! 
Tomorrow I'm doing the coolest thing of my life. I'm going to be in a Taylormade commercial as Dustin Johnson's playing partner!!! 
Sep 6 1952 Greg @user Peck is very happy with the BLAZE OF GLORY casting. He considers @user a top dramatic actress. 
@user we out here at the south Nike tomorrow 3-10 come thru bc my Nike is&gt;&gt;&gt; 
You may not recognize his name (yet), but you will definitely know his music. Check out the amazing Bill Carter... 
Nice. The Man in the High Castle will be on Amazon Instant on November 20th. 
Yeay yeay yeay!!! Home opener tomorrow! Let’s go @user ! AND excited to hang w/ greatest fans in the NBA! See you all there tomorrow! 
"KPop fans are all excited to see GoT7 at the Smart Araneta Coliseum this November, long queue happening now at... 
May God bless the people of Israel and keep them safe. 
Toyota's luxury brand Lexus said Wednesday it has created a hoverboard. Yes, a hoverboard -- as in something that... 
Watching it the 2nd time i realized the tech communications guy in Jurassic World was Nick Miller from New Girl 
@user @user @user - nothing new under the sun! History always repeats! @user - Brilliant article, thanks. 
Why Joe Biden May Be the Best Hope for Small Businesses 
Ending a day dancing to The Pointer Sisters on Jefferson Street in celebration of Creative Alliance's 25th... 
One time in the 4th grade my friend brought a CD player to recess and I brought my nirvana cd and we listened to rape me the whole time 
"I may be 30 years too late to say this but The Trooper by Iron Maiden is fucking great, For some reason Id never heard it before \m/" 
Happy 21st b day @user looking forward to another trip to Knoxville 
@user Got you in 6th rd. Have a great year! Here we go Steelers, here we go!" 
Apple Watch the new smart door Key.  via @user 
Gonna watch Jurassic World again in Friday because, as much as it's a turn your brain off kinda flick, it is quite fun! #TeamVelociraptor 
So glad I walked past the Girl Scout table today. It’s a much better Saturday knowing I’m one box of Thin Mints richer. 
Daily MailCelebrity Big Brother's Emma Willis is casual ahead of UK vs USA CBB launchDaily MailAnd just a month after the 16th series... 
Can't wait to see Romo die tonight. 
"Is this the 1st time Kpop has been nominated in the TCAs? Even if we don't win, isn't that still an achievement we should be proud of!" 
i need to lose weight by august 6th is there any option besides the sydney dalton diet bc im vegetarian and also i loVE FOOD 
"Gonna be interesting, may go to Memphis next Sunday for the Heat game, then Charleston Thursday for college basketball. #SoItBegins" 
"Mastered gamedev story, finally. Now I'll have to get a new game for the flight tomorrow. Suggestions? (iPad games)" 
"#itweetFEEDS Well, we guessed it! ICYMI: On Monday, Sam Smith shared an inneresting photo tha... #ff @user 
Can't wait to see Snoop Dogg in a bruin jersey at the game tomorrow. #8CLAP @user @user 
"Picking up my car today, Big Brother is on tonight, season premiere of The League, not bad for a Wednesday" 
@user he'll be ready in January for Barca!! 
"I chose this one in honor of night 2 with @user - ""Tomorrow Never Comes"" by Zac Brown Band #Cymbal 
New Batman with pops and the cats. Good way to end this day! #Thursday! 
I would like to see docs on British Bulldog, Ric Flair's 16 title wins &amp; the Royal Rumble match. #DocumentThisWWE 
"Caller:President Obama said-'If there was no restriction on me having a 3rd term I would win it.' Was that a precursor for Michelle Obama?" 
"Indians are up 8-3!  They have to win tonight, facing Verlander tomorrow!" 
Kendrick slayed this n he wasn't even in beast mode  
"I wonder if the Pope watches our games" - @user may be the quote of the season 
"You have to admit, he's pretty adorable! Happy Birthday, Prince George :-) 
Leaked pictures suggest the Galaxy Note 5 may also come in golden colors. 
"Loving the sun this weekend, went to Lechlade for a picnic with Hollie yesterday and will soon be heading over her mum's for a bbq :)" 
When Eric Church sings Hell on the Heart tomorrow I will cry. There's no doubt about it. 
@user cant wait! coming to see you in February from Belgium! 
"I'm so excited for the Cubs game tomorrow! I can't wait! Jon Lester on the hill, Kris Bryant just feet away, and a pennant chase! #WeAreGood" 
@user  just got back to Ohio from LA while I was there I saw a guy wearing your jersey on Sun. And one at LAX yesterday #LeahStrong 
@user  Never had a need for Twitter. Then Sharknado made the public responsible for April's life. Hope to see you in Sharknado 4. 
@user @user we adore Kane for being 2nd top scorer ,  he was 2nd top assister" 
Juventus may get Draxler soon.Asking 4 Oscar won't make any sense. Ramires pace wil add up for dem @user  
Not a bad Saturday... Bit of Call of Duty Ghosts on PS4 with some MOTD.... Perfect! 
briana should give birth on friday it would be good for album promo 
A great birthday gift would be a tweet or follow from Niall. Hope it actually happens on the 12th of December @user I love you xxx 
The official announcement is expected Wednesday for @user performing at the Superbowl! I hope that it comes out true. #FingersCrossed 
@user I keep trying to book as soon as I learn when Federer's playing - too late. Nosebleed seats for 4th round (!) going at $250. 
@user like your pose and the background 1st runner up Jessica Sanchez! I am your # 1 fan from the Philippines.. 
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but Rugby does it better! 
"Working on Guitar-Vocal Harmony with @user Next Rooster Beat Concert Will be Great, 10 November on La Draga - Deusto (Bilbao)" 
"Fresh Copper River Salmon this weekend! Starts Friday night, don't miss it!!" 
@user and @user playing Batman and Robin. #GoJays! Make the 5th the BIG ONE. #BlueJays 
"Kanye’s 6th solo album apparently... ""Brighter than Dark Fantasy, and shit that you can dance to. It’ll be a smarter album than Graduation""" 
The Lucky Penny's production of THRESHOLD was fantastic - and the last show tomorrow still has tickets left! 
@user Rousey over Floyd everyday of the week and twice on Sunday. #BestFight 
All the best my champ .. I hope u will rise above seth rollins. Love u 
Anyone fancy watching some Harry Potter on Bluray with a Dominos Two for Wednesday or what 
"Watching The Pogues's ""Fairytale of NY"" for the 9th time today and is it just me or does Kirsty MacColl look kinda like Amy Schumer?" 
@user Risers will help for sure I think, just got a couple sets from Amazon Prime due tomorrow to see if I like them or go elsewhere 
"Every Thursday night game- the better QB has had HUGE games (Ryan, Rodgers, Luck, Manning). Brady should have a nice night tonight!" 
.@selenagomez has a mini-fridge in her bedroom that she seems very proud of. R.I.P. Jan Hooks. 
June 13th is now Matt Cain Day in San Francisco!! He also just got the key to SF. #perfectGame 
i am so excited for tomorrow's gala its gonna be awesome like everyone are going to be dressed super chic i feel like an adult 
I’ll be doing the Senior Bowl fun run with my niece next Saturday 
@user freaking out because im going to digi slaybells toronto and thats gonna be my 2nd digi of the year 
I hope the Oct 3 special from Madison Square Garden (feat. Brock Lesnar) is broadcast on the Network... 'cause this guy has ringside seats. 
Best John Cena mic speech ever! "HHH was never Ric Flair's bitch; this Sunday I'm a make u mine!" That was badass! #TitleForTitle 
Happy man: Kunle Afolayan says the response to 'October 1' has been 'very positive' - YNaija 
Friday night &amp; I'm watching the Red Sox game with my cat. #turnup 
Need for Speed.. SNAP Tomorrow.. Rukna is BANNED..  Rahul Gandhi was the quickest today. You will be the one for... 
What an awesome night to celebrate National Ice Cream Day with 3rd Annual Ice Cream Churn-off. Congrats to all... 
Talib, Jay-Z, Kanye, T.I, Big Pooh, Dela, J Dilla, Nas, Pete Rock, 9th Wonder and the legendary Slum Village. 
@user do it! I’m one of those rare natural California bLondes . . . Open after.Nov 15.:) would love some CT anyways . . . 
James Meredith on this 30 for 30... The 1st black student at Ole Miss... Well... Thats the definition of a real nigga w/ balls. 
Tasty Tuesday: 15 Hot Dogs Around the World for National Hot Dog Day 
Get ready for Jouvert on the road in Miami on Sat Oct 6th Central Broward Regional Park hosted by Miami Broward one Host carnival 
ready to go to Lexington with @user and @user for this game tomorrow night! 
Ladies night out! On August 12th Wiley's is hosting a Male Revue with members of the new Magic Mike XXL! Watch... 
@user goodnight babe hope you are resting up and feeling well and I hope you have loads of fun at MetLife tomorrow 
"Best of luck to everyone racing tomorrow be it Padstow, Ironman Wales, Challenge Henley or one of the countless... 
Just want to thank pal @user for his part in Batman #44, out tomorrow. The issue is exponentially better for his contributions. 
A pleasure and honour to march with @user at the Pride Parade in Manchester yesterday! #ManchesterPride2015  
@user Dallas Defense has played good actually. And Cuse was down 23-3 in the 3rd last night and won so 
NUEVO DJ Sergio ! NIRVANA! This FRIDAY! LEGENDARY Max TOrres! Isis the VOICE! and DJ Sergio! WIth the BEST of the... 
"Carlo Ancelotti: """"Levante are a strong team. We must be the best Real Madrid team we can be to win tomorrow."""" #HalaMadrid" 
Straight Outta Compton's success hopefully convinces New Line Cinema to give Ice Cube the right budget for the last Friday movie. 
1st opportunity to earn a rap @user on the road tonight @ Milan. Let's get it done! #TheRealJZ 
Best part about Thursday is that Vampire Diaries play. 
"Tom Brady will play Thursday night with all his weapons Gronk, Amendola, etc. Should be good. Goodell must be pissed!" 
"another 17 hour work day done. Time to relax watch new episode of NARUTO, then get ready for First Friday at Barcode." 
Good luck to my brother from another mother @user in his fight tomorrow at #UFCEngland on Fuel TV here in the states. #WarKingsbu #ASU 
Tomorrow our opportunity to love continues @ the Boys & Girls Club (123 Jefferson).  Meet us there at 10am, w/ boots and gloves if possible. 
@user I really love the 2nd Jurassic Park and Mummy movies! 
TOP REASONS JOE BIDEN SHOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT: Jimmy Fallon may invite him on his show to play something with ping-pong balls. 
@user it's why I love tennis. One minute looks like murray is down and out. Next minute anything is possible! C'mon @user 
Lamb of God is coming to town on the 12th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #omg I’m soooo excited XD I can’t wait to get into the pit and go crazy! \m/ 
Tomorrow is the only day I will ever wish I went to MSU.. &amp; it is only because of the possibility of seeing Ben Affleck 
@user @user @user Has to be the hat-trick against ManU....and in a very close 2nd the Carling Cup Final goal :o) 
Shop on Amazon Prime Day with us!  More deals than black friday, and 7% goes back to patients 
"I liked a @user video WWE RAW, Seth Rollins vs Randy Orton for the WWE World Heavyweight Champion, Aug 10," 
@user Hope to see you at Threshold:Rebound on Folsom Sunday! 
Whoever took their baby to the 7pm Friday screening of Magic Mike XXL, you're my hero. 
"C'mon Guys,Calling all the Tributes and Lawsbians I voted Jennifer Lawrence for @user Homecoming Queen!!! #Mockingjay" 
Good day to double up on yoga!  haha 
I just saw Paper Towns today and I kinda wanna go see it again tomorrow 
@user if you guys will be in Disneyland tomorrow, can you check out Pooh corner please? I would really appreciate it! :) 
July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? I think not. 
Good point he may still be up...he’s off to Las Vegas! @user @user @user @user 
@user I'll take you for Dunkin or whatever you what soon like Thursday or Wednesday or a day 
"Sam Smith is singing the new Bond theme! ""Writing on the Wall"" out Sept 25, one month before ""Spectre"" 
Don't forget to ask about your chance to go see Janet Jackson in Saskatoon on Monday. We've got tickets and they could be yours tonight! 
Rugid_azz and MaribolHD the two new followers. Thanks for coming hope you guys come back tomorrow for Minecraft with the boys. Lots of fun. 
Been on repeat all day: Sam Smith for the win! #MusicFlow #Tuesday 
@user Pretty good.. HBU? Ready to watch the Raiders tonight?? 
Sorry about Mac's passing but glad to hear Threshold is coming back with something solid. 
@user That's a great movie. It's on Amazon Prime too. I watched it for 3rd time last night. 
'Game of Thrones' just cast a character who may have a huge role next season #GameOfThrones #GOT #GOTonUBOx #UBox 
"100 Days in 100 Minutes!  Tonight in Orono, Friday in Rockport, Sunday in Belfast.  Don't miss it!... 
The 1st season of Hand of God, with @user will be available 9/4 on Amazon Prime.  WTG @user Loved you in Blacklist! 
@user Yes, it impressed me I was there in person last September, almost exactly one year ago...The Madonna is huge, so beautiful! 
Labor day has come and gone...which means FALL is here! Sunday School starts THIS Sunday! UES and WV locations 
"Just talked to Dan Dierdorf about the death of Frank Gifford, his former Monday Night Football broadcast partner: ""I wasn't expecting it.""" 
Happy birthday to my dude @user Jason Aldean bout to be live come the 5th 
Dinner with my dad. And tony Parker with a last second game winning shot. What a great night...just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow... 
Pride Parade - join the @user festivities this Sunday happening in the West End, from 12-3pm! 
"Free to Watch!!! Justified: ""Justified"" follows Marshal Raylan Givens, a modern day 19th century-style lawman, w... 
"Italian Society for NIR Spectroscopy: great success of the 1st Winter School, Milan, Italy and ... 
Damn. I would totally buy the Sun for this. @user Future of news again: Free Hawkeye Lego with Murdoch’s Sun 
Neymar shockingly starts playing for Brazil like he does for Barca 
"The weeknd and ed Sheeran made a song together...yep, today is definitely Friday.  And it will be a very good day." 
Deeply saddened by the sudden death of Frank Gifford. He will always be the voice of Monday Night Football for me. 
"I want to see Jason Aldean tomorrow night, thanks for noticing that @user 
Sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day @ BDR in October. This morning was the coldest one of the season. 
just listened to that She song by Tyler The Creator and Frank Ocean for the 1st time really nice track 
@user @user AND @user all on The Jonathan Ross show tonight = Terrif sat night in! Well done @user #Toofunny 
"and it's saturday, so no school Katy Perry made teenage dream so cool #ShesKindaHotVMA" 
@user Please come to Phoenix Comicon again! The weather is so great here in May...maybe not but it is sort of """"Fresh Hellish""""." 
Now I'm talking to my big sister and she's telling me that Kane's telling her he is going out on sat and I'm like yhhh I know with me 
RT @user Kevin Hart : Seriously Funny tonight at 10 on Comedy Central something to look forward too. 
My life: I'm going out to lunch with Captain America* on Saturday. (Not Chris Evans. :p Cosplayers make life so much more fun.) 
Take me to IHOP's $1 shortstack event tomorrow so I know it's real. 
Have a iSlide Blck/Satn Silvr iPhne 6+ case since Aug 1 thru Amazon. Love it, but pwr bttn cover came off 2day. How 2 get a replacmnt case? 
"I have a fantasy football draft tonight and will be taking Tom Brady with my 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th overall picks." 
As of 2nite it goes down at Big Bangs..15th and Arch st..10-2am...crazy drink specials and more....Music by 
Happy Sunday last off Sadat before back to work enjoy it tweeps now to do yard work for a couple hours then some fun 
@user @user well their 1st #3 fell behind George Michael's Faith &amp; the Bee Gees' You Win Again. 
Gym time :) Friday stream will be back to Minecraft! See you then! 
Carly Fiorina's message to the NRA's Annual Meeting &amp; support for the 2nd Amendment.   
"Thursday is NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY, and just like every year we are celebrating with our own truly American combo... 
If you fancy joining in our A to Z tour of the World Foods of London, come sample Taiwan on Thursday:... 
"November 1st, entire Italy is taking day off to celebrate my birthday! :) It's Ognissanti (All Saint's Day), and... 
Outrageously funny: Amy Schumer plays Mohegan Sun tonight via @user 
Tressa and libby are here but we split up today and we will meet up tomorrow night.I like it here, its alot like Minnesota. 
"Some good stuff going down in Gregory Gym. 2nd place tasted terrible, ready to have that GOLD around my neck! #goforgold" 
omg wait, Bel Ami comes out tomorrow! I’m going to watch it, finally. 
@user liaaam I'm going tomorrow to watch WWA make it more exciting by follow me 
@user @user Liz setup a Google+ page! Tomorrow is going to be an exciting day! $MYEC :D #AppLauchTuesday 
The @user bullpen's impression of 7th inning Kershaw was spot on tonight 
"Don't forget to catch Thor, I mean Chris Hemsworth on Saturday Night Live tonight! 
Ahhhhh I can't wait til Laidback Luke drops show me love & speak up tomorrow! Last time he dropped them Sooo hardware!!! I love him!!!! 
Sangam University Bhilwara Salutes Nobel Laureates United Nations International Day of the Girl Child 11 Oct 2014 
RT @user @user I'm also very stoked for Dead Island & Uncharted 3! Is the Deus Ex game 3rd person perspective? 
@user it has a scene where Ice Cube sits at a lap top and says.. this his funny.. and his wife says You finished? Friday is dope. 
"Fourth of July" by Mariah Carey is just ... *melts* 
"EXCITED!!!! Can't wait to see Sam Smith in concert tonight - Austin, TX. Going to be a great 18th Wedding Anniversary with hubby!!" 
After Saturday bama’s tide want be Rollin any more. GEAUX TIGERS! 
My beautiful bestfriend converted to Islam on Laylat Al Qadr may Allah bless her &amp; set her on the right path 
Tonight, I roast a chicken. Tomorrow, I make chicken soup. Love my job but wish I could cook for social justice. 
THIS is how you party! Happy Friday everyone! Eagles of Death Metal - Cherry Cola... 
"(ANSA) - Milan, Sept. 2 - On Sunday, on the occasion of the Grand Prix in Monza, Trenord established great rides... 
Tonight Monday night was fucking great a lot of supper stars came and so did sting and he beat the hell out of Seth Rollins that's we do 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. Gandhi 
@user your taking your time, your josh has already blossomed into a filthy Rich young man .. he payed me taxi on Saturday #someguy 
DTN Pakistan: Pakistan hopeful of Bangladesh visit: Pakistan’s cricket board said Sunday it hopes to arrange a t... 
@user It's mid-May (the week after Mother's Day), so hopefully you should be good." 
"wanted to say that you're my beautiful little idiot, you may be as funny as Harry but it's cute. P.S: Niall loves his princess;) @user 
Great catch! Friend Brad Goddard snapped this picture of the Aurora on Friday night in Nebraska. #wx #aurora  
Video: Pride Parade Vancouver: The 37th Annual Vancouver Pride Parade filled the streets of Vancouver Sunday. ... 
@user make my heart sing like Shawn by rting this 
Sports programme theme tunes were a topic on the radio just now. Fleetwood Mac - The Chain for BBC F1 a classic but Ski Sunday was also good 
If the two new phones look mighty similar, it may be because the Galaxy Note shares the same "design legacy" as the Galaxy S6, Denison says. 
So I suggested that we hit IHOP after work since it's Monday and we gone finish hella early right .... 
Julia won her 1st comp..that means everyone in the house has won a comp..cant remember the last time Big Brother had a house like this #BB17 
Tomorrow we play the new David Bowie song to start the program at 3pm on Your Tuesday Afternoon Alternative - join us for #YTAA on #WUDR 
RT @user We love Italy ! Tonight in Marina di Pietrasanta with @user 
@user hoping I'm covered but the 7th race is a single in a 13 horse field haha. I've seen him win though. Iron Maiden is a good horse 
PRESEASON! BASKETBALL! #kubball MT @user Cole Aldrich will start in place of Kendrick Perkins against the Rockets tomorrow night. 
@user @user @user Haha Edge is my 2nd favorite wrestler all-time to HBK. So it's worth it for me 
"Great result for the Romans res yesterday winning 6-2 @user res goals Roome 4, Kendrick &amp; Elay who are 3rd in the table #youngromans" 
There may be nothing more exciting in WWE than the buildup to a Randy Orton RKO 
#nowplaying Linkin Park - Lost in the Echo. I probably haven’t listened to them since the 5th grade but this song is actually pretty good. 
"So happy with Saturday's result. 3 points against Atleti, Negredo not risked, now 2nd on the table. Lovely." 
CURTIS killin the game in sports rn. volleyball and water polo are state champs AND cheer got 1st place in their first comp ever! #GoViks 
Just got him tickets to the Knicks vs Celtics game on October 20 Lmfao how mad would he be ? 
Kendrick's lyrics are for the black community..  Which is adapted by almost all now  
@user We've gone for Hannibal over trash but still, lazy days! Am excited to see you and catch up tomorrow. Hello to R. 
Corvo is back tomorrow on next gen! Pick up the excellent Dishonored on Xbox One and PS4 from tomorrow. 
Are there any Aussie Directioners from Canberra?? going there on the 12th of September would love to meet some More Aussie Directioners <3 
Calling all @user Kerry fans he is live this FRIDAY Tickets 0646671555 
Incredible performance from Paul Dunne ! What a feeling walking up the 18th at St. Andrews as leader must be! #TheOpen 
Best of luck to the kerry minors tomorrow , going for 4 in a row, would be a great achievement that shouldn't be overshadowed by football! 
@user @user Let's see, there's ""Good vibrations,"" Trap Queen, ""Bad Blood,"" .... can't remember what he uses for 4th at-bat." 
Was hoping this would escalate to be something like Nas vs Jay-Z but Meek got KO'ed in the 2nd round lol 
An incredible day in West Liberty, Ky. A small but strong community moving forward after March 2 tornadoes. 
Pitch darn well sent. Holidays can begin. Rick Stein’s for dinner tomorrow night! See you in a week 
"got my tickets, see you tomorrow Chris and Levi! time to #mosh 
"""If I knew that tomorrow the world ends, I still today, plant a tree.""  Martin Luther King" 
I'm the only person I know that wants a Harry Potter wand for her 25th birthday. Yeah, ill admit it. 
"Papa WAS A ROLLING STONE. It was 3rd of September, a day I'll always remember. .........!!!!!!!!" 
@user July 22nd so I could be with my best friend listening to Shawn again. @user 
Just realized Saturday made 5 years since the first time I ever saw Justin 
"All ready for the tour tomorrow! Maryland, Atlantic City, NYC,... We'll be bringing some Engelbert music to all the Sandy affected areas!" 
yay for going to see jason Aldean on the 3rd :-) 
Have an extra ticket to the Riot Fest in Dallas this Saturday. Hit me up if anyone is interested 
Song #2 Friday by Ice Cube Just came on and automatically started rapping it haha white ppl aren't ready! 
Golf with the dudes, no work, pool day, and the new iPhone announcement.. Tomorrow shall be a good day. 
"Man, George Harrison was my favorite Beatle. What a brilliant soul, may he R.i.p" 
@user definitely, I'm free pretty much all eve but may go to yoga at 7! Some good anecdotes for you" 
If you are one of the many shoppers out there wanting to take advantage of Amazon Prime Day today July 15 -... 
Reagan will be here early Friday morning. Which she will share the same birthday as my brother. #toddeugenefreeman #excited #miracle 
My daughter begged me to take her to David Wright's 1st game back in Philly. Guess I look like quite the bad Dad now. Mets have 7 HR inc DW 
@user You are seeing Madonna in September my date is October 3 and I cannot wait! It is going to be the highlight of my year! 
Tennessee Vols will be the 2nd best team Ole Miss has played this season 
The Foo Fighters rick rolling the westboro baptist church may be one of the greatest things I have ever seen 
Are you joining us for the Pride Parade on Sun Sept 6? Starts at noon! 
"DTN Pakistan: Eid frenzy finally over: Islamabad Though the official Eid holidays were over on last Wednesday,... 
@user ill be in Brownsville by Wednesday night so it’s all good :) 
@user I just wrote a prayer to Bernie sanders. What are you doing with your Friday night? 
"""I once told Harry I was leaving the band on February 30th. He cried for hours until he realised there is no February 30th"" - Zayn Malik," 
Mr. Freedom has scored TWO tickets to the Zac Brown Band Concert this Saturday at Hershey Park Stadium! Just like... 
Opening the fridge to a ginormous supply of Red Bull is a wicked way to start a Friday! Me and Red Bull Zero are going to be best friends. 
Some day at #TheOpen2015 . Incredible stuff from Paul Dunne and Padraig Harrington. Baffling round by Dustin Johnson. Monday will be great. 
Nokia N1 Tablet Receiving Android 5.1.1 Lollipop Upgrade: One of the most popular tablets available on the mar... 
@user Depends on wearable tech being viable. I think so and the Apple Watch is already profitable so I think we'll see 2nd gen. 
Pack’s Brown looks to rebound: Lorenzo Brown and the Wolfpack are hoping today’s game against the D... #raleighnews 
Michelle Obama has a dance off with Ellen DeGeneres to celebrate the 5th anniversary of the First Lady's "Let's... 
@user Donald may not be to fuzzy on idea, but Carly Fiorina might make a good VP. She would help for Obvious reasons!" 
Big congrats goes out to Tampa Bay Damage for 2nd Place at Cup and 2nd Place overall in the Paintball Sports... 
"Just got word from peacecamp that george osborne is going to be at faslane tomorrow, show up tomorrow 7am and give him a piece of your mind" 
The 1st season of Game Of Thrones is so amazing! Re watching it again. 
Congrats to DJ’s 3rd grade team going to the Superbowl! I’ll be there cheering. 
Pool Party Stories: Dana White treats both teams to some fun in the sun 
We are endorsing the film Jurassic World. See you on the lawn at the Lumina theater this Friday and Saturday! 
My plans were to Sharknado 1&amp;2 it up for tomorrow's big premiere... But OITNB won. 1/2way thru season 3.. I need more hrs in the day.. 
Posting another song for our Saturday as I feel like it....  Bee Gees with Night Fever 
Just close your eyes The sun is going down You’ll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I’ll be SAFE AND SOUND #NP 
@user I will have it by tomorrow!! I'm on my iPod now haha. When you free 
"Watching ""Trainwreck"" for the 2nd time with my girls. Hilarious!!! Love Amy Schumer! #Trainwreck #JohnCena #AmySchumer" 
"Can't wait to see Monday Night Raw tonight. The Rock did my man John Cena dirty last night... Still JOHN CENA""S fan:)" 
"Anyone want to join me at JOUVERT on 30 Nov for some brilliant live music from Oxford's best talent, all in aid of... 
"Weezer - Island in the Sun, Dashboard Confessional - Hands Down #np" 
@user I really do hope they finish the trade by Tuesday or Wednesday. Gagner is a real solid player and could help the sabres 
"Good Monday morning, my Twitter followers! I'm thrilled that ""Mockingjay Part 1"" &amp; ""Paper Towns"" won at the Teen Choice Awards. Congrats!" 
Somebody come with me to see Jurassic World tomorrow @ Byrd 
Sept 4th. Jeezy and Gucci on the same track?! Historical day for hip-hop 
Great day interviewing the National Health Insurance bureau in Taipei - off to Hualien for the field study tomorrow @user @user 
Author Jonathan Kozol comes to Alvernia tomorrow at 7:00pm in the PEC for a lecture that is free and open to the public. Don't miss it! 
@user @user Wish all the best n Rahul gandhi may try good luck for UP CM with sure success 
The Pride Festival starts soon in #CapeBreton! Join the labour movement Saturday at the Pride Parade! #CBpoli #canlab 
"Just as I say how good Anderson has been, Murray goes 3-1 up in the 3rd. Of course. #USOpen" 
"Come meet with the family of Christians tomorrow at Grassy church of Christ in Arab,AL. Bible Study  at 10-preaching at 11!  #churcfofchrist" 
@user are you guys going to need mercy volunteers at the Green Bay, WI show?? I can help out next Wed... If you need it??" 
"#JummaMubarak to all Muslims, May Allah grant us a chance to offer jumu'ah prayer in the shadow of Kaba...!  
"At 18.00 (GMT+1), Betis, currently in the 6th place, play against Valencia, that are improving. Soldado scored a hat-trick vs BATE" 
Would lie in the sun and listen to Frank Ocean forever. 
@user Haha just like me.! We both got sent to iss on a Friday 
Manchester United will be the 1st team to defeat Chelsea this season!!! 
@user haha we totally should!!! My mom just asked me if I wanted to leave thurs and stay in NYC until sat then go to Italy and idk? 
@user it doesn't really count, I was decorating a haunted house for a Halloween program tomorrow...I get paid lots of overtime:-)" 
@user it’s ok; I understand. I though I was gonna die when I sat so close to the stage at your concert in Greensboro last Friday! 
Meisha Tate MIGHT have lost to Rousey twice BUT is still deserving of a 3rd shot cause she earned it by grinding in the #UFC 
"TCNJ saw off St. Lawrence yesterday in their 1st Round match 4-1, with two goals from Scognamiglio and a goal each from Curtis and Cummings" 
"Hello Tuesday, I had a nice looooong weekend, now it's time to work. (at @user Home Improvement in Murray, KY) 
Imagine going home before Sunday and missing Snoop Dogg hahahaha 
Looking stunning at the #AACTAs. See Cate Blanchett's next great performance in #Carol. In cinemas January 14. 
Ok time to check back in with tennis - Isner and Federer heading into a 2nd tiebreak 
Thank you all that came out and enjoyed Jurassic World on Friday! We would love to see YOUR pics from Friday! #NSUBA #StudentAffairs 
Serena be lettin oponents comeback in the 2nd set just to make the media feel better. That good #SerenaVsVenus 
@user @user thanks for the 2nd half info on Neb helps salvage a rough betting day #latechsuckd 
Salaam to all friends and enjoy the 3rd day of Eid with your family pray for the all people special pray for me kindly 
Defeat the Red Stars tomorrow night! Best of luck @user 
We're going for coffee this afternoon and the cinema to see Paper Towns tomorrow...I love it when mum has a week off 
Running past Kurt Cobain's house when Nirvana comes on the ol' iPod. Good vibes for Monday. #Nirvana #MondayRunday 
At the office listening to bob Marley doing work...can't say I'm hating my Friday afternoon 
Last year, majority of the Federer matches took place primetime.  This year, it's the other way around.  2nd on Ashe tomorrow 
Did you know Sunday is National Ice Cream Day? What's your favorite flavor? 
Murray d. Bellucci 6-3 6-2 7-5. Much better play from the start compared to his last match. Very tamed match. Into 4th round. #USOpen 
Randy Orton opening the show tonight like he should be on Sunday. #SummerSlam #Raw -BW 
"Janet Jackson's album comes out on October 2nd, Janet Jackson is currently on it's supporting tour ...." 
"Chris Evans's attention will be on Top Gear which returns in early May with him at the helm, alongside German racing driver Sabine" 
We’ve just sampled some of Greg’s DELICIOUS pretzels for our German themed boardroom dinner tomorrow! Yummy! 
@user hershey for tmh, on americas got talent, and at metlife last year. i'm seeing them again on tuesday :) you? 
Most important news of the day National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow. yesssssss 
@user To add to your budget smartphone list, may I introduce to you, the new MOTO G (3rd gen) which is Unlocked and starts at $180!!" 
@user hurry up man I want u to win back 5th U.S. Champion against Seth Rollins 
"em so excited for tomorrow, gala with friends after exam. whoop!" 
Yoga with kids! All welcome fun beginner yoga class Mooroolbark $5 tomorrow morning 9:30am :) 
Soundboard came today!  Tomorrow is set it up and see if it all works day lol.  If all goes as planned I'll be streaming 24-7 soon! 
Happy Friday! Have you entered to win the $60 gift card we are giving away next Friday? +1 any 60th anniversary post on our Google+ to win! 
@user Oh, are we gonna have any August & Emma scene on """"Tallahassee""""? Just a yes or no and I’ll be happy (happier if it’s a yes)!" 
#OOC: *looks at nightstand *   *sees bottle of Katy Perry perfume *  Oh my god....@EXO_GRENDEL .....I think I may have it!!!! 
We should donate it to ARSENAL.. they aint winning anythng! RT @user 19th COMMUNITY SHIELD(yeah still silverware) 
Watchout GEORGIA DOME cause the #RAIDERS are hungry to  see you in December PLAYOFF BOUND 
Michelle Obama is the sexiest 1st lady in history &amp; will be for the next 50 years at least. yes even hotter than Trumps current spouse imo 
@user booo. You going to any games this weekend? David price on Saturday in the BX 
In Rory's absence Paul Dunne is representing Ireland well in The Open!!  1st amateur since Bobby Jones to lead going into the final round. 
"Our Connect event is Sept 13. Come for worship, food &amp; connecting with Christians at #UWaterloo. All are welcome! 
@user RT Coco may be on the next season of DWTS. If she makes it, I'll watch the 1st episode. How about you? 407.916.1041 @user 
Is this the ultimate guide to detailing your car? It may very well be, courtesy of Lexus: 
"tickets for the concert of JUSTIN BIEBER booked !! @user dreamed realized OMG !! PORPOSE WORLD TOUR , 20 sep 2015 Paris BELIEBER &lt;3" 
Go all Wednesday Adams on us with our gorgeous Scalloped Collar 
@user aww! Im just kidding with you! ;) and YEEESSSS! You don’t have school tomorrow? Thalia doesn’t either! 
I'm so pumped for Jersey Shore 4 tonight! I want @user and Vinny to hook up XD 
5K votes per minute. We can get the 1st position again C'mon Monsters. We can do it.  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Tryna be more than temporary , love you everyday like February . I’m tryna make us soo official like #loverboy 
Won't be live tweeting the vma's tonight despite what you may have guessed. Watching Seinfeld instead. Thank you. 
Come visit Curtis and the girls on this beautiful Tuesday!! Grab a patio seat for one of the last times or sit... 
Girls Volleyball practice has changed locations. Monday from 5pm-6pm they will practice at the Salem Commons instead of Bentley 
@user check out my #YouTube  Channel new video soon about Minecraft I think you may like it 
Happy independence to all the people of Pakistan. May Allah keep Pakistan in his protection and Muslims too. 
Kanye West may be one of the most influential celebrities of all time man 
I'm not even ashamed to admit that I'm going to watch American Horror Story for my 7 hr long drive to Kansas City tomorrow.. 
So I notice on SyFy website you can vote if April lives or dies in Sharknado 4. Essentially they announced Shaknado 4... What a great day! 
Remembering George Harrison on the 14th anniversary of his death. RIP and love always. #GeorgeHarrison #takentoosoon @user 
"It may (or probably will not) come as a surprise, but Iruka is and has been my favorite character in Naruto since the very beginning." 
@user I think a trip to the good old Orono on the 17th or 18th would be a fab idea :) 
"Its 2 AM & I have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning. To sleep or to keep watching Jersey Shore? TO SLEEP! nah, I think I'll stay up :D" 
@user I can tell man, I'm going to Zac Brown Band on Saturday, that should be fun as hell." 
5 point's out of 12 under Curtis... only 5 out of a possible 24 with Monk (Before Departure)... team already improving... C'mon Swans #SCFC 
im hearing lost by frank ocean for the 1st time and its so good!!!! where has this been my whole life damn 
"""""@Bieberbucks: March 1st is National Bieber Day! Wooohoooo! :)"""" [Like it? ]" 
highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see Ferry Corsten and Markus Schulz @user November 10th #TranceFamily 
Brock Lesnar to appear on @user tomorrow at 9am oughta make good television. I wonder what mood he'll be in. 
I need a nice can because I want to play Penny Can on Saturday. This is a real problem. Cougar Town just made me love this game. Haha. 
Happy birthday @user yay 1 more year before you can drink lol happy 20th birthday to gay is my little brothers birthday he is 4 love u 
I love the Crimson Tide!!:) Roll Tide!! 24-0 in the 3rd quarter!!! 
You may not like Floyd Mayweather as a person but you have got to respect him and understand that he's one of the greatest of all time 
I just saw the breaking dawn part 2 trailer and me and Courtney are definitely going to see that shit November 16. 100% 
Rolling stone magazine talk about REAL MUSIC for once in their piece about Rituals de lo Habitual's 25th anniversary! 
Could there be anything better to listen to today? George Harrison - Here comes the Sun. #WinterSolstice #music 
Happy Birthday to the coolest golfer in Bali! @user !! :) may you become cooler and cooler everyday! Stay humble little sister! Xx 
Just found the most pretty dress to wear tomorrow at the Golden Globe awards xx 
We need some Sunday magic like his 62 in the final round of the Honda Classic! 
.@OpieRadio watch "Video Games:The Movie". It's in Netflix and it starts from the 1st video game from the 50's up until the systems now 
Apple's September Special Event tonight :D #iphone6S #iphone #apple #live #september 
Shawn for the win she doesn't no older boys. 
@user  May God look after you .ps if John cena can come back soon so can you #dtnation 
@user and I just watched Thor for like the 20th time last night 
"Just before rehearsing this scene, @user and I sat center stage expressing our gratitude to God. For the 
I have two wishes: 1) that it was Tuesday already; 2) that I had ten eyes so I could read Go Set a Watchman faster. 
"RT @user Excellent performance by PJ Harvey last night! Hairs on back of neck stuff! Good company too with @user @user a ..." 
So happy David Wright is coming back tomorrow!!! Hopefully he an stay off the DL. Another big bat in the lineup!!! #WrightTime #LGM 
@user Manchester, just seen De La Soul are playing the Sunday as well. The lineup is quality." 
@user can I have 2 tickets to Iron Maiden, baby? Come with me Friday, don't say maybe (I mean Heaven m8, be kl plz) xoxoxoxoxoxoxo" 
"BiG Bauss, @user I hope you'lld be coming to ABJ on the October 4th With Solidstar and The Rest... Plz Reply" 
It's sweet tooth Sunday! National Ice Cream Day is July 19th! Top your favorite dessert with a scoop! #Indulge 
A very laid-back Mariah Carey made it family time only as she stepped out on Malibu beach on Wednesday with her adorable twins, Moroccan 
Join us Sept 3 in Markham to learn about IBM's Spectrum Protect announcement.  Contact your IBM rep for the details 
"Congrats to Jan Bradley, one of our Jason Aldean ticket winners - enjoy the show and thanks for being a SKY4 fan! 
If anybody's in the Lechlade area on Sunday Lunch time come and watch my band et al play at the Riverfolk Festival. 
"no sleep the week of TTK. 24 hour stream of TTK Launch with @user on PS4, and then Kings Fall Raid on Friday Night. Yasssssss" 
"thanks! @user Hvar is something i'm hearing a lot, will it still be busy late-October?" 
Everyone in my feminist studies class was team Nicki AND the Mitski tinydesk was released today WHAT A MONDAY !!!! 
New Iron Maiden album has has 10 out of 10 reviews. I'm stoked for it now. Sep 4th here we come! 
@user Tryst tonight! Best industry/local/Thursday party in Las Vegas! 
It's Saturday!!! Bring on the Foo Fighters tonight!!! 
I'm ready for Saturday Kenan Stadium is going to be loud and proud for the Tarheels you ain't ready Elon #TarheelNation 
The Orks are here to tell you that we're gunning for a Sept 30th release of Herald of Oblivion on iOS and Android! 
@user I can't wait to get Watchman tomorrow...more because I want to see her maturation as a writer. Forensic reading. 
"Really looking forward to the release of Deus Ex: HR on friday, just annoying that North America gets it tomorrow..." 
"Going on an undetermined adventure tomorrow, so yeah, I saw Paper Towns tonight." 
"Randy Orton is one of my favorites, despite everything. Why? Because he's so damn good in the ring. Randy may not... 
"Good weekend to have gotten the Sunday NYT.  Reading gradually through, discovered 1st season Bomb Girls is on Reelz starting this weekend." 
In an ideal world Oregon and Boise State will win Sept 3rd and give power to the PAC NW! #GoDucks 
see you in milan! 
Woah! What a way to kick off Monday Night Raw with Brock Lesnar! 
@user pretty excited for #SBUcheerleaders to come to the Liacouras Center in January... 
So I'm in Dunkin waiting for my car to get inspected and I'm pretty sure el chapos friends just sat on either side of me 
@user @user beautiful, but it's from January (Charlie Hebdo)" 
Who wants to go see Ant-Man tomorrow? I believe it's a film about a man who's imbued with all the powers of a guy named Anthony. 
@user Hmm, I’m going to have to get you a nickname of your own. Nice, get out of Swansea on a Friday. Which train are you on? 
@user ah right, I’ll have to go for plan B then ha. I suppose with the final deadline being December it’s not too much of a problem 
Carly Fiorina is 11th person in debate. CNN make exception for her. TV stations all gave her air time over weekend.  She is at 5% - 
Kunle Afolayan at his very best with OCTOBER 1....just saw this best ever 9ja movie with @user ....awesome awesome movie right there. 
@user @user Yeah she is still at Ballet West now in the 3rd Year! 
Samsung will show its new Galaxy hardware at August 13 event: Hot on the heels of more Galaxy Note 5 photos le... 
Visited the Harry Potter studios in Watford on Friday and bumped into a business contact from @user - small world or was it magic?! 
Tomorrow is going to be the best day to celebrate National Ice Cream Day at Murray's! 
If John Kasich starts polling better before Super Tuesday he could be my primary vote 
this article about Senate president Enrile is very interesting :) 
"Given the fact that today is the 8th of March and all over the world we celebrate the International Women's Day,... 
Look at this infographic to find Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn features you may not know about! #comm552 
So cycle fan tweeps,who is going to win the mens race tomorrow then? I reckon Phillip Gilbert or Tom Boonen (swoon!) 
Lionel Messi won his 2nd Golden Boot Award and barely at 25 yrs of age.This kid must be considered one of the greats. 
Jealous of everyone going to Chris brown on Thursday 
Always fun reading about Rousey's love for Pokemon and DBZ 
"STAR WARS DAY! I'm dying here, only 11 hours now!! May the Force Awaken in us all! #TheForceAwakens @user @user @user 
Buzzed that I’m going Amsterdam on Friday! Ajax tickets could do with turning up though #fuckyouviagogo 
"So, I've pretty much decided to go to Shoeless Joe's tomorrow for #Argoslive. Always more fun with other fans, right? Anyone else coming?" 
New Batman comes out tomorrow ! Cannot wait to buy it haha 
Hello mutuals who's going to The Vamps' concert in Manila on Jan 30:) 
"FEC Approves $1.1bn For Locomotives: The Federal Executive Council (FEC) Thursday approved a N1.1 billion for the design, manufacture..." 
"I wrote my ESPY Awards speech in 12th grade, I still plan on using this in the future..." 
Schedule for tomorrow is further proof that @user is the greatest organization ever. White House here we come! #womeninpolitics 
"This house may be old, but it's a new kind of house in Prince George's County. #Net-Zero #energyefficiency 
David Beckham ends Harper's 4th birthday with a tea party in the garden: 'Good night little lady': D... #TeaParty 
New Adele album coming in November along with The Weeknd two days ago? Now I need a new Ed Sheeran and Frank Ocean album and I'll be good!! 
The Vamps will be at the #XtraFactor (ITV2) at 9pm tomorrow! Make sure you tune in! 
"Sunday Oliseh's Super Eagles captain Ahmed Musa delivers the first goal under his regime as Team Manager, let's fly!" 
"Yes. I'm ready for HS, college & pro. Bring it! @user Make Monday better! We can now come home to MNF! You ready for some Football?" 
"Monday Night #RAW: Roman Reigns, Dean Ambrose, Luke Harper and Bray Wyatt put on a good fight tonight. 
"Kanye West, greatest human on earth, announced Sunday that he will be running for president of the United States... 
"rolling stone, the zone, and devil may cry are literally the best songs by the weeknd. go listen to them" 
I can't make my mind up if I wanna drive to Charlotte on the 18th to see Janet Jackson or not. The venue is outside 
Ok folks! It's on! Football review tomorrow on WPEH. Friday evening is the Davis-McGraw tailgate show. Then Thomson vs JCHS! Nirvana! 
"Saturday Circuit with Michele, Morgan, Gay, Judy, Tracy, Stacy G, Vicki, Athena &amp; Stacy C! Great job ladies &amp; thank you for joining!" 
@user @user @user call me on stage for act my age to Irish dance with Niall tomorrow night at #OTRAPhilly 
@user I've been told by Galatasaray fans that I work with,that was passion on Wednesday... To me whoever from our lot had flares smh" 
People who know baseball know Thor is the player of the game cause after the 2nd inning he started dealing and kept mets alive 
@user Guess I'm finally going to buy a PS4 on March 18th! :D #Uncharted 
Got a vibe that the MVC is going to be happy with NCAA pairings tomorrow. 3 will get in and I’m starting to think Wichita St will be # 4. 
Nothing like a rainy Sunday with coffee, Seinfeld reruns and the right amount of laziness. 
Saw you like Disney @user @user @user - we'd love to see you at our show tomorrow or Sunday! 
Pretty Little Liars just blew my mind!! #AtrAin was everything I’d hoped for. Is it January yet..? 
National Ice Cream day is Sunday July 19th! We are ready to celebrate it on Thursday!!   We will be treating the... 
man tomorrow if my parents surprise me with justin bieber tickets I'll have a heart attack 
"Reading The Hobbit, listening to Sam Smith, mom is cooking her mean Pork Nilaga. Steady Sunday it is. Good morning :)" 
Saw Margaret Cho tonight at Leicester Square Theatre. Brilliant woman, intuitive, insightful, sexy. She’s here til 31st u must go!! 
@user Vanessa’s gonna be at the soccer field tomorrow, not the gym-- she forced me to tell you :) 
Just got a position M-T weekends off (:  Just need to make sure its all on paper Tuesday when I go in to sign &amp; its all  GUCCI! 
"Shawn's a smart guy, he may be young but he knows what he's talking about." 
Arsenal may have made a slow start to the Premier League season, but Arsene Wenger's men are clearly looking to pick up the pace. 
Happy birthday yoga with @user to celebrate my 23rd! #birthday #yoga 
U.S. Open Features Familiar Matchup as Serena and Venus Williams Meet For the 27th Time @user 
#OnThisDay1987 CBS records shipped out the largest pre-order in the company's history for Michael Jackson's album Bad 
I traveled to Redmond today. I'm visiting with @user @user engineers tomorrow - at their invitation. Feeling excited. 
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION! Ms Miesha Tate (@MieshaTate) will be fighting August 18th on SF! Don’t you want to feel... 
"at the end of the 2nd hunger games film, you can see jennifer lawrence doing joey's 'try and do a hard sum' acting technique." 
National Ice Cream Day is tomorrow!  You'll want to check these out. Are there Michigan additions?... 
@user can it get much better than three TV's saturday night with WS G3, UM @ NEB and ND @ OU all going at the same time?" 
Becks shows love for son Brooklyn with new 'Buster' tattoo: Washington D.C., Sep 1 : David Beckham might just ... 
If laying in my bed eating candy while reading rolling stone on a Monday isn't having my life together then so be it 
@user playing Papa was a Rolling Stone. Fitting as we packing up the office for our big move tomorrow. Whereever we lay our hats... 
@user I go back to college on September 7th. So not ready. But excited to teach them about Islam if possible. 
It's that time of year again!! The Plains and the smell of Saturday morning tailgates..it's Auburn football season!! #wareagle 
@user @user If u keep Harper as PM I may well cross the Lake myself! U have one incredible leader. Balanced budget and all! 
@user Jean, tomorrow is Free KISSING Day! :) Nothing. Just wanna tell you that 
How Will I Know Sam Smith may be the greatest thing I've ever heard 
'David Cameron' appeared on Saturday 5 at the 15th place in the Top20 of Nottingham's Trends: #trndnl 
"mom: ""So you got U2 on Wednesday night... what time does college start on Thursday?"" me: ""8:30"" mom: [walks out of room laughing maniacally]" 
"New David Bowie tune to start Friday and its ten minutes long, good work David. A tour announcement now would make today perfect #Blackstar" 
@user hahah. Excited for your live blog tomorrow. I know the rumors are strong but I remain dubious about the iPad pro being announced 
Kerry Collins may look like an old mouse... and hold on to the ball like one... but is a Curtis Painter experiment REALLY that much better? 
Remember live look-in tomorrow from MetLife on @user &amp; JetsApp at 710 PM with player intros, individuals and your calls: 855-909-5483. 
Sending my prayers to the family of Frank Gifford. May the strength of God comfort you during this difficult time. 
@user @user The Red Fort is very cool. My favorite place so far. Workshop starts tomorrow then one more day left. 
Join Thousands of Christians and people of good will September 1 2015 for the World Day of Prayer for God's Creation  
"Agree. Celebrate it like Diwali, Eid and Christmas.  
@user I use an app called Twilight to automatically dim my screens and tint them red after the sun sets; it helps a lot. 
"Attention @user fans!! Come worship with him August 16th ,2011 GMWA Marriott Florida Ballroom Tampa, FL @ 3:15pm! Don't miss it!" 
"Sun going down over Lough Erne, beautiful. 
And lemme tell you why my Amazon Prime addiction is real. I COULD go to the store to purchase an umbrella, but Im online. Delivery tomorrow. 
@user You're right Drake is a rookie while Kendrick is an all star doing Michael Jordan numbers while Drake is 15th man of the year 
"#MP3 2ne1 - i am the best (dj marcelo rocha 1st kpop mix) MP3 Download. Music Database, Songs, Video, File #music #song" 
Have you been inspired by Ironman Wales? Why not give triathlon a go by taking part in the Fishguard Go Tri on Sunday. 
@user did you buy or rent ? will discuss on skype all this :) sat :) 
@user Dude I miss you! ahaha Physics was fun.. Especially when all of us sat in thee bck 
I'm going to be so ready to go over to Christians tomorrow after school 
Everyone wanna skip work/school tomorrow and have a Bulls party to get hyped for the season? 
Looking forward to going to Celebrity Big Brother launch night next Thursday. Hoping for some A list guests and dry weather. 
Paul McCartney you are amazing but tiredness beats out everything. See you tomorrow @user 
@user @user Anaconda video got 19 million views in 24 hours, so whatever you may think of Nicki personally, she has a point." 
"With countless blessing of Allah, May this EID fill your life with joy and prosperity. EID GREETING Happy 3rd day of eid. .Regards:tasleem" 
"Iker: """"When Ancelotti told me that I will play UCL and the Copa, I thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well.""""" 
@user I think those AAU teams may have had more talent than some of those Wizards teams he coached 
@user have not heard the entire 4th CD yet, but I do like """"Good Girl"""" and (the not as upbeat) """"Blown Away""""" 
"Red Sox falling apart in the 10th. It's so beautiful.  And I'm so, so, so sleepy." 
Monday night raw!!!!!! #RAW @user it's great.. want Randy Orton to win... 
@user Yes, we celebrate Sant'Ambrogio in Milan :) It's on Dec 7th. And you know? Sant'Ambrogio was from Germany ;) @user 
If you like listening to Chris Evans on your way to work - tune in tomorrow to hear Ben Hooper who is on the... 
My mom has Intel that Caitlyn Jenner goes to the Starbucks down the road every morning. My brother is pleading to go tomorrow. That's my day 
"After seeing the Foo Fighters on Saturday at Milton Keynes,  wished i had gone to Murrayfield aswell.  Can't wait for them to tour again." 
Fleetwood Mac is the only thing getting me through this Monday morning 
Nirvana are the perfect Sunday music 
Happy Veteran Day! Back in the day! 2nd 75th Ranger 
I will be oddly satisfied if the Red Sox can finish the season in 3rd place in the division. 
"Did you know this Sunday is National Ice Cream Day? At ABCO, this is a fun way for our team to enjoy the end of... 
Stoked about Knicks VS Celtics ! 1st NBA game . 
"Royals, Hulk Hogan, and how to handle a bat in the house. All tomorrow on Hot Morning Show w/ @user on @user !" 
curtishowell Thanks Curtis! Sent this over to the team to get fixed up asap. Have a good Sunday! via Moz 
Tomorrow @user brings EU Referendum Bill back to Parliament! Hope Labour &amp; Lib Dems won't AGAIN try to block the public having a say 
"Ireland's Paul Dunne, the pride of Alabama/Birm., is 1st amateur since some guy named Bobby Jones in '27, to lead TheOpen after 3 rds" 
Can’t wait to see ’Flight’ with DENZEL WASHINGTON on tomorrow! Bam!  ;-) 
Aye make sure y’all tell a top notch trill young savage diva chick happy 18th birthday @user 
somebody go to this bernie sanders rally at winthrop this Saturday with me?? 
SO excited to start up with lax again on Sunday #missit 
President Barack Obama will welcome Nigeria's new president to the White House Monday in an effort to bolster the fight against Boko Haram 
"The iPhone 6S, the greatest thing to ever exist since the iPhone 6." *CROWD GOES WILD* @user  
it's going down Friday 6th @user #leeds calle Ocho summer party the Norths best  #salsa party. Not to be missed 
"In the car with the parents on the way back home home. Heading to ATL to say good-bye to ""Sweet Irene""tomorrow." 
When did Wilt Chamberlain have time for basketball?: TUESDAY marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro... 
montamania doing the Hulk Hogan intro before his 2nd round TKO! Great job last night.... 
Good Morning America of Nicki Minaj was great when she perform Moment 4 Life @user #NickiMinaj 
Stetson Allie hit safely for the 5th straight game to start his Mexican campaign. Double and an RBI yesterday for Mazatlan. 
Champ Ronda,Eye of the Tiger baby! Bethe is a Conor McGregor wanna be in this pic..Ronda will win,easy money tomorrow 
12 May; Happy Nurses Day to all the nurses around the world. 
The Horn Free Day tomorrow. Is it possible? 
Think the #AYTO gang is gonna pull it off tomorrow? I'm with Briana. Best timehop ever. 
@user it may be because I'm younger, but I loved the helmet. If Nike is giving us all that money, you have to experiment a little. 
Moto X Style and Moto G (3rd gen) hands-on via @user moto is the best 
Sophia Grace and Rosie a few of the cookies & creme may be really like at the moment! 
"I'll give you a hint, you wanna play it but you think it'll be too hard. ""OH OH OH PRAISE THE SUN."" ""Yes, Dark Souls.""" 
"Elvis's .455 (15-33) career batting average versus David Price ranks 2nd best among 43 pitchers against which he has had 20+ PA (C.C., .481)" 
@user after the game on Sunday I expect Roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be 
Rock im Park was beyond awesome. Need to write all the bands down that I've seen but I'm too tired. Will do tomorrow. #goodnight 
"RT @user ""I hope Notre Dame wins tonight and the Steelers win tomorrow""" 
"John Kasich may not subscribe to my political views, or me his, but he very much handles himself with grace and compassion. #Kudos" 
Finally watched PLL Halloween special. Yikes!! I def cannot wait for the season premier Jan 8th!!! 
tonight $2 tipsy tuesdays at 1433 Arch street at big bangs good food, music, and $2 drinks at ( 15th & Arch  
May be leaving in May to tour Canada with Of Temples ;). Beckley / Summersville shows the first of the year aswell. See you guys soon! 
Ice Cube may not like the Chargers. But his son is a fan. And he lives in LA. So there's that. 
@user no problem. Are you going to be at the Rising Stars game on Saturday? 
NURSES DAY - 12 MAY 2012. Nursing: The heart beat of the health 
Last day in melaka with SKH, have to go home tomorrow. memories can not be forgotten .. I love you skh. 
"We're on our way to Hoover, AL for SEC Media Days tomorrow, but tonight, we'll be cheering on @user in the Miss USA pageant!" 
who wants to go to london with me on november 10th and see mockingjay and meet jennifer lawrence 
Happy birthday Roman Abramovich. Treat yourself to a nice present in January. I think Radamel Falcao would fit the bill nicely. 
Fleetwood Mac is def what Monday afternoons are all about. I also want to be bestie with Stevie Nicks.... 
Next Song Can we Dance of The Vamps! Speaking of the Vamps sino namimigay ng ticket jan ?!  #ShowtimeHarana 
Monster Truck show on 4th of July? Oh i think sooo ! Kaboom Show at the Pomona Fairplex tomorrow(: i hope its fun. 
The #LAKings hve been so good on #NHL13 that the real team might disappoint me. Jeff carter has 43 goals thru January. #IsThatPossible 
"Alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win Iditarod: Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race on Tuesday even... 
"""""@louisvilleJoke: December 29th will show all the Louisville fans that Kentucky is the best""""" 
I just found out Sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow night. I'm beyond excited 
Long Princeton (and Diggy)  #imagine : Happy Valentine’s day (yn)...      February 14  It’s been 9 m via @user 
My tartan will have to take a rest this year, I'm part of the broadcast crew for the Pride Parade on Sunday!! 
Selling 1 ticket to Chris Brown this Thursday Sept 10!!!!!  Let me know if you or anyone you know wants it!! 
Seinfeld's "the contest" may just be one of the best episodes ... #andthenthereweretwo 
Sitting in my office, window open, sun shining in, listening to my ipod, wondering exactly what the catch is with this job. 
"he walks away, the sun goes down, it takes the day but i'm grown #HottieOfTheWeek Demi Lovato" 
@user I was watching the show today & was awesome show & congrats to Melissa McCarthy so excited for her last night! Love you both! 
Dexter's 6th season is slowly becoming the best season of the series .. which is by the way a peace of art ! #legend #5ari8Lel3ada 
Take the 1st step to purchase your dream Lexus. Contact our F&amp;I Department to find out how you can apply for finance 
@user coming down to Peter Garrett's meet the people on Saturday. Happy to meet you and a debate 
&gt;&gt; The top 3 Monday Night Football intros for the Dallas Cowboys from Frank Gifford 
"This is what my Friday night has come to, arguing with my da about Kanye West.. How can you not love Kanye like?!" 
@user IMO with Gagner as you develop depth, 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre. 
Happy Saturday! Check out my cover of Ed Sheeran's Photograph if you haven't heard it already and look out for a... 
"good night Michael Jackson, I do love You. see you in my dream :*" 
"Cheer on your KC Royals tonight, because if they win, you win! 50% off tomorrow if they beat the White Sox tonight! Use promo code ROYALSPR" 
Carly Fiorina may make some inroads toward some Dem support if she  support some Dems initiatives including admitting Obama did some good!!! 
Conor McGregor's next fight is announced for December. Starting now that's like 6 months of loading up the band wagon again..  #kickboxing 
Buzzing for the game against Derby at White Hart Lane next Saturday. #PUFC #UTP 
Little bit excited about going to Hvar on Thursday with @user @user @user #bringonthesun 
I have an extra backstage ticket to see Chris brown on the 10th 
Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday convinced me that Kedrick is the best rapper alive rn alongside J cole 
@user tickets start at 150 and it's at oracle on dec 5. 
Wishing Sunday was today. #SummerSlam Someone's going to hell tomorrow night. Either Brock Lesnar or Undertaker. 
Sure jan. the queen is Madonna and always will be. Get the fuck over it  
Excited for tomorrow’s Photo Session with Indhi fashion design studio at TheLoniousStudios 
Odd because Cena and Nikki were seen laughing with Ric Flair Saturday or Sunday. 
Watching the Kurt Cobain doc while making bday cake and FODMAP approved pizza sauce. Good Sunday of bday weekend. 
Old radio commercials for Grateful Dead albums may just be the best thing I've discovered 
Selling 2 tickets for The Vamps tour London O2 on the 2nd of April Block 108 Face value. Dm for more details!! @user !! 
Friends be ready to celebrate National Ice Cream Day tomorrow with Graeters! 
I would definitely be okay with Eric Church playing Springsteen at least 3 times tomorrow night.  #grettune 
@user Also I am off to New York in 7 days to see AC/DC (my ultimate faves) for the 29th time-followed by Van Halen the night after! 
Bernie Sanders would make Saturday classes illegal #FeelTheBern 
"Spending Sunday with the family at Galvins, Hilton Hotel. Great views, great food even better drink." 
I bought myself a ticket for Zac Brown Band in Philly August 15. Super excited!! I'm next to the pit right up front. 
". @user Thank you for the mention, Thor. Happy Monday!" 
We are so excited to announce our Adult Fitness Program for the 2015-2016 Season! Join us for Yoga on Monday... 
Star Wars was good outside of seeing so much of Rayjay's dick. I may have been watching Kim Kardashian's sex tape now that I think about it. 
Come in and celebrate National Hot Dog Day Thursday July 23rd. 50 cents each. Limit 4. Line forms to the right. # hot dog. 
"Zac Brown Band last night, Billboard music festival today and tomorrow and running a 5k tomorrow morning I'm going to be dead on Monday" 
Check out our Super Paint Party on TFI Friday with @user &amp; presenter Chris Evans! #TFIFriday 
Tomorrow... I’m on the air live at 9:05 on wjct radio. Then on TV taping for good morning Jacksonville at 10:30. #excitingtimes 
"Kim Kardashian Is A Big Star Wars Nerd?: Even Kim Kardashian is getting into the Star Wars spirit. On Friday, ... 
"Also the band at the pub is making an OK-ish job out of the Foo Fighters so my Sunday night has been wrapped up in a weird, sweet kinda way." 
"Yoga at home, then walking in the woods in the sun @user fizz &amp; catch up  with the mother in the garden #GoodDayOff" 
"Surprises in ""Go Set a Watchman"" may make readers re-examine ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  
"Tomorrow morning, while twilight is still dim, look for #Mars beneath the #Crescent_Moon" 
Monday = Lana's single! Tuesday = FINALLY GOING TO COME #FACETOFACE with A! Wednesday = Sam Smith Concert! 
Update to last story - UFC 194 will be December 12 at MGM Grand Garden Arena with Jose Aldo vs. Conor McGregor 
"I found out i was gay in the 4th grade...well i didnt think of it as ""gay"" cause i was so young..it was jus like ...""damn"" ... Lololololol" 
#ImAChristianBut I may have read all 7 of the Harry Potter books, and I may have  accidently enjoyed them 
Funny you should ask @user We will be @ the Leicester Square Theatre on October 10th at 9pm performing our Edinburgh show4a final time! 
New Die Hard movie coming out Feb 14.. Looks like Bruce Willis is going to be my Valentines date:o) 
"As Eden Hazard assisted the 1st goal of this game, we are refunding all first goalscorer stakes on this player." 
Can u imagine the front 3 of Suarez on the right, Sterling on the left & Klaas-Jan through the middle? :-O that wud be #amazing :-D 
"Crawfish tomorrow, nothing like having it in the comfort of your own home! :)" 
Comedy Central made my night tonight 
I'm ready to sponsor! I want SIX LEXUS earners by December! Will this be you? Wouldn't it be awesome to have one... 
Idc if tomorrow decides to be a shitty day I’m gonna make it the best goddamn day ever. #determined 
Zayn is the only reason that I might watch the VMAs tomorrow 
just got home from Garden City and Sunnybank. Working again tomorrow >.> 
"We don't just celebrate Halloween on Friday the 31st, we celebrate it ALL WEEKEND! 4 nights of frightfully good... 
@user @user We saw the Foo Fighters Thursday night. It was an awesome show! 
Caught up with X Factor today and I love the new panel! Such a good mix and after doubting Tulisa I actually think she's fab 
Happy Thursday and Happy National Hot Dog Day Everyone!! What a better way to celebrate national hot dog day then... 
Great round @user for Paul Dunne #doingirelandproud can't believe I'm going to miss the last day tomorrow 
"It's Friday, the sun is shining here in Newport, we have a long weekend ahead, and Tom Brady will be on the field... 
I know it’s in January but I cant wait for The Royal Rumble #WWE 
"Well, now that Big Brother is On Demand from when it didn't record all of it on Sunday... Time to catch up. #BB17" 
@user noooo:( but it wasn't te official party but Tuesday at Moomba hopefully well win something 
It has been almost 21 years since Kurt Cobain the lead of Nirvana died.I find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on. May he R.I.P 
There's a petition to the Obama Administration to make Beyonce's birthday a national holiday. I signed, so can you 
from the time i dropped off mar'i to the time i got home i blasted justin bieber &amp; i have no shame 
in the mood to watch all the Harry Potter's for the 3rd time in 2 months 
Highlight of that game was the bottom of the 10th. Some guy chillin with a John 3:16 sign behind home. Sup bro. 
@user love Amazon Prime just placed an order and it will be here by lunchtime tomorrow. Great for impatient shoppers like me. 
Who is ready to party with us, March Fourth Marching Band, and MTHDS this Saturday night at the Gothic Theatre?... 
oh my god it just hit me that I'm seeing Sam Smith tomorrow night 
@user yeah I got a Yankees hat geez! Yeah he got the old lettuce wrists! Good night in Austin last night then? 
"Deadlines are overrated. Sometimes process needs room to blossom. Looking forward to the final piece, Frank Ocean. 
@user Excitement for the Bearcats tomorrow night obviously. :) 
First draft tonight ... I don't care Foo Fighters on saturday! 
@user I'm pretty sure the most of the country was supporting Mayo. I'm sure Kerry will be there natural selves in 2 Sunday's time. 
@user ohn cena you are my favorite wrestler of all time great match with Seth Rollins on Monday night raw sorry you broke your nose. 
@user Yup. Well we had a fun but small conversation but I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Goodnight Maria. ;) 
"tomorrow is my otra date and national hot dog day, can't decide which I'm more excited for" 
Maybe behind the times but has espn taken Ron jaworski off Monday night crew? Not complaining. #easyontheears #nicesurprise 
Congratulations to our Texas beauty for placing 1ST RUNNER UP at the Miss USA pageant last night! WINX is the... 
Looking forward to listening to Bob Marley during the bus ride after the cross country meet on Saturday #BobMarley #running #peace 
@user I would cry so much.. I'm waiting to dunk in Sept with friends. Our theme is ""dunkin ugly. because who dunks pretty? not 16""" 
"So I guess I'm going to hot yoga tomorrow morning, this should be interesting" 
Deep Condolance for lee soo man's wife. May she rest in peace :( be strong for the whole family esp sooman ahjussi 
May 27 it goin Down Me, @user and @user throwing a Graduation Party! At Mardis Gras 4275 Winchester RD suite 6 pm until 12! 
I'm going to be in Toronto om Wednesday and I would totally be ok with meeting any Big Brother contestant or @user 
@user why hello and happy Thursday to you Briana, it's been a while, I love your new profile picture btw, gorgeous" 
WOW...what a way for David Wright to make his long-awaited return!! :-o #Mets 
"Of course I'm coming! Writer is going to see Ant-Man tomorrow, but I know I will at least see ya!~" 
@user The Toyota version would be un-breakable the Lexus would prob have better climate control may not be a big issue in this case? 
Directioners! Little Things video will be out at 8pm UK time tomorrow. Which means it will be 1:30am in India :) I’ll be travelling! :’( 
@user i believe i just got ur msg. so chill out.... Splash Dance happens every thurs night at surrender. its a pretty good party 
The 1st Annual Doral Design District International Taste of the Arts is almost here! Enjoy yummy food from well... 
Sam Smith Found His Nirvana in Miami!: Sam Smith is all smiles as he goes for a stroll at the beach on Sunday ... 
Norman Reedus has tweeted and posted on Instagram 'HAPPY TUESDAY.' My life has just been made @user 
Tomorrow is the first day of the week after Eid holidays wich means a huge # of ppl with a little # of ppl to serve them . Oh well.#vacation 
Hey @user we will be showing Boruto: Naruto the Movie October 10th at 1pm &amp; 14th at 7pm! Tickets are available now! 
Going to Jason Aldean Sept 19 with @user Cant wait! #jasonaldean #countryconcert 
It’s November 1 so you know what that means. You’ll see Valentine’s Day stuff at Walmart soon. #CelebrateTheRightHoliday 
@user I see you’re in Dallas & a fan of A$AP Rocky, email us (att@m80.com) for a great oppo to attend show at HOB on Fri! 
Gonna turn gay just for @user tomorrow 
"Niall is so beautiful his blue eyes, his smile he shines like a star or a sun he makes my day he's just so unconventionally beautiful." 
@user @user @user touche! Back in my day TFI Friday and Chris Evans was relevant.....how times have changed 
Ric Flair is going to be at Sidebar on Friday. I must go. 
Sharknado3 tomorrow night! The original Sharknado is on tonight at 9:00 in case you've been living under a rock. Only on Syfy #BestMovieEver 
RT @user I think Sparks Fly music video will be worldwide on the 13th! Don't you think? :') 
"asdfghjkl; why are you so cute?! happy 2nd birthday, prince george! 
Jonathan Ross is going to be amazing on Saturday! @user and @user in one show....ahhhh can’t wait! 
I was Saddened to hear of the death of Frank Gifford. I only saw him on Monday Night Football but he was great. He will be missed. 
If I were the Lions id call the Falcons and offer a 6th for Jason Snelling.  Would be perfect fit to fill Leshore void. 
One of my favorite match of  #SummerSlam of all time is when The Rock take on Brock Lesnar for the 1st time ever in his career for the champ 
It would be poetic if Nintendo became a Sony 2nd Party Developer. It would also make choosing consoles every generation very easy 
September 1 @ Nokia live Los Angeles it's going down 
@user @user Mint Warehouse for Circoloco mate get involved! will come leeds tomorrow day Westonator! x 
"You can't miss Bokampers NEW Thursday Night Football, Giants vs Redskins with insane Food &amp; Drink Specials &amp; Miami Dolphins Ticket Giveaways" 
Should be a good webinar. Enchoice has a great deal of experience with IBM Content Manager OnDemand   
"Yes, we are to let people see the glory of God working through us. Shine on Christians. 
Pretty sure me and @user had an obsession with John Cena in 5th grade #hipsters 
@user I may be late, but Drake's live show has grown from the first time I saw him during the TML run to his Club Paradise tour." 
@user I'm surprising my mom with a trip to see Ed Sheeran for her birthday in Atlanta on Saturday. Help us meet him please!!! 
@user I really like Rick Perry,but Rubio is my strong 2nd choice,where can I read about his Immigration policy? 
Parent/child 3D modeling class with MINECRAFT!  This Saturday (tomorrow), 3 pm at Austin Tinkering School, only... 
If the Cowboys had trouble bottling up Arian Foster....I gotta believe Marshawn has a really good shot at 150 yards Sunday. 
@user  a few of the pictures I personally took at MetLife on Wednesday. Tried getting you good pics of him 
Happy Sunday.....  Bee Gees with Walking On Air 
This article on Scott Walker.. is the best. #ILoveWriters 
@user oh sweet! I'm going on Friday, me and my lady are gonna be at the main stage waiting Paul McCartney pretty much all day haha" 
Happy Friday! Two more weeks until Halloween! Have you seen this fun seasonal image from @user  #histology 
Come check out the cover show encore of Katy Perry featuring Tiina Flank next Friday at The Foundry! I will be... 
Still yet to get really excited for Anfield on Sunday.......surely the run must end sometime??? 
Gonna listen to Madonna all day until nov 7 #RebelHeartTour #prague 
KARMA VS FLOW!!! Join us this Sunday on the Terrace.... we’re taking it deep all the way :-) Filthy Rich, Richie... 
Federer just ended the 2nd set with a couple of ridiculously good shots. 
seriously tomorrow I'm going to IHOP. l'll find a way 
@user happy birthday Deb! May the year ahead bless you with health and happiness for you and your family. Hope Milan is sensational! Xxx 
@user @user @user @user they are adding an extra scene w/ Darth Vader for the ABC special. The 2nd episode is awesome too 
RSS: October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at...  
Pray for Mohamed Morsi the new President of Egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace.  
Yankee Game Thursday....Jets/Colts Sunday .....can’t wait for the Knicks/Heat game 
The first time I ever watched Shawn on tv was on Michael and Kelly and now he's gonna be on the show tomorrow I'm emotional 
chris brown is gonna be at the game next sunday all is good 
Watching the #Bluejays vs the NY #Yankees. Jays are going for their 12th straight win tonight with David Price on the mound. #MLB 
"Random Friday fun: Where in Scotland, does legend have it, that Merlin the wizard died??" 
Interested in joining Team YMCA Strong Kids in the Rum Runners Relay on Sept 29 from Hfx to Lunenburg? For info email leslie_tinkham@ymca.ca 
Happy Saturday Petersfield! We've just had an excellent drop of new books, everything from the new William Boyd to Minecraft! 
Want a chance to win 2 tickets for Jason Aldean's Burning It Down tour on September 11th at First Niagara? Stop in tonight! 
@user well done to Paul Dunne excellent play today young man! Keep it together tomorrow #leading 
"If you're attending #NYCC make sure to catch the Monster Hunter panel w/ director Fujioka-san tomorrow at 12pm, room 1A24." 
@user Can't wait to see you perform on Sunday at @user #LetItShow at the Kirby Center in PA!!! &lt;3 
@user i’ll be in london, within zayn’s birthday the 12th of january meet you there hahaaha DREAMS AND IMAGINATION OF MINE .. 
While in undergrad, Planned Parenthood may as well have been another class I took.  I learned so much about my... 
"How about some good news for Saturday morning: Ice Cream FREEBIES, Campbell! Happy National Ice Cream Day! 
"Dear @user Happy 27th Anniversary. Paul McCartney will help me with the words... 
@user I thought Star Wars Day was May 4th (be with you) #theforceisstrongwiththisone 
"The bells are being rung @user to mark Prince George's 2nd birthday. Many, many happy returns of the day!" 
If you're in Canberra next Tuesday the twilight market is a must to stock up on fresh produce before Christmas.... 
"not gonna lie.. Every Sunday, after The Walking Dead, I feel the need to watch The Boondock Saints. Norman Reedus is entirely responsible." 
@user manager Carlo Ancelotti admits he is keen to return to the """"sporting paradise"""" which is the @user one day. (The Sun)" 
ok y'all it's actually kind of good i didn't go to metlife bc i just got a call for my internship and i report tomorrow 
"First thurs night football in LAX and the Patriots are playing the Jets, and the Pats are winning, perfect! #NYJvsNE #NFL" 
"Nirvana on the record player whilst sitting out in the sun, so chill" 
Go Set a Watchman - the highly anticipated second novel by Harper Lee is in stock and available for pre order today. - Pick up tomorrow. 
@user I take that back, I get paid tomorrow so what's Gucci have a nice new day" 
"May the Almighty God continually bless you Christians In Ghana, Jesus is Alive!! Spread the Word #GospelHaven" 
Saw Paper Towns again. Still perfect the 2nd time. 
@user Check out Become the Sun at Bluesfest on the 13th. Drummer had had reattached 4 years back. they need some ink and love! 
"it’s wednesday ! @user """"Wookiee Photo"""" funny ! @user - What Makes You Beautiful - One Direction cover: 
90% of my love for the WWE comes from watching Seth Rollins get punched in the face. Ready for Monday night RAW 
"The White Sox say Mike Olt is expected to join the team ""in the coming days."" Sox back here against the Indians on Monday." 
@user aw lucky, I was sat on my aunt’s couch somewhere in Germany at the time watching the livestream and bawling my eyes out omg 
with Zayn gone I can now definitively say that Louis is my favorite member of 1D. Harry a distant 2nd. 
tomorrow will be one of the best nights ever bcs it's double eviction night on Big Brother and my emotions fly everywhere each time 
@user I was at the game tonight, the amount of Blue Jays fans there was incredible. By the 10th it was 50/50 with Red Sox fans." 
@user TY Kristian! Makes my day that u actually remember me! Is it because I said the 1st pic of us was awful? Cuz I'm Red Sox fan 2? 
"Fans of Theresa May shop at Topman and enjoy Jim Davidson, as do fans of George Osborne, who also really like the movie The Interview." 
Felt privileged to play Foo Fighters songs on guitar today with one of the plectrums from the gig on Saturday. 
Seinfeld fans get a winner at #DelMar as #2 Little Jerry wins a thriller in the 7th! 
Me tomorrow: 1. Have coffee. 2. Download new Iron Maiden album. 3. Ignore the world and listen to new Maiden. 
"Miss USA on Sunday, wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fielded the interview BEST THINGS IN LIFECOME FREE TO US CUZ WERE OOOH" 
I'm gonna make eye contact with Justin Bieber in June 
Tristan is a cool dewd. My birthday was Monday and he followed me today. What a man. #MTVStars THE VAMPS 
@user @user yeah Murray 1st/2nd, sproles for the 3rd down td lol" 
Watched Sharknado tonight with mom while she recovered from surgery. Now she wants to watch 2 and 3 tomorrow. I love my mom. 
Oracle just sneak into lead from the leeward start, Softbank 2nd, we are third - but gybe at the mark... @user  #BringTheCupHome 
Thanks to all who came down to Mardis Gras in July at the Fullerton Downtown Plaza last night. All proceeds went... 
"Tuesday night the CW network will be showing """"Dr Horrible's Sing-a-Long Blog"""". If you haven't seen it, you should!" 
Sunday with the best leagues in Europe! Bet results.  Roma - Juventus 
Game 3 tomorrow!!! I’m excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl  haha 
hopes 4 the film version: John Green's Paper Towns looking forward to seeing advancescreening of Paper Towns tomorrow 
Excited for tomorrow. Big day at Sunnybank for premier grade and premier colts. Must wins to make the major semis :) 
@user @user Thank you, Donald Trump. You honor our dead by standing against Iran Deal on 14th Anniversary of 9/11. 
Huge run by Simmons!  Keeps @user in the lead   It is 10-7 halfway through the 1st qtr. 
I may have just renewed my Netflix because I wanted to rewatch Once Upon a Time 
Tom Brady is the NFL's favorite child! He could rob a bank and STILL suit up on Sunday! 
just another reason to love Amy Schumer and here's a piece on the calendar.. 
Hope the BBC is mistaken in its forecast for snow on Saturday... 
And Willard Mitt Romney is going to speak at their Commencement on Sunday? I'm gonna pray for all of y'all who are going back in history. 
such a good ending to SHARKNADO 3!  YOU DECIDE BY TWITTER HASHTAG IF APRIL LIVES OR DIES!  the answer will be... 
Woke up for the 2nd day in a row with Calibraska still being number 1. Proud is an understatement 
Mind blown at #StraightOuttaCompton and the fact that I'm saying Snoop Dogg spin in LA this Thursday for @user what are the oddsss? 
Gonna talk to the pretty girl tomorrow and see what's gucci 
@user I may be working on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows for my M.A. paper. In short thank you for sparking my interest in books 
Sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building 
Trump will take 10% of the electoral from Jeb, putting Hillary in the White House. Then she will put Trump in her cabinet. Heard it here 1st 
"I truly believe there are Christians, Muslims and Jews who will go to heaven! It's the people condemning others who won't make it!  #sunday" 
"NEWS : New video by David Bowie tomorrow on TV:   A few weeks ago when we wrote the news, a lot of fans we... 
I fucking love Seth Rollins and would be so happy if he walked away with two belts next Sunday. 
Get Your Business on the 1st Page of Google / DIY-SEO, Tuesday, September 15th  #constantcontact 
May be going to the a jason aldean concert tomorrow :) 
@user Jumma Mubarak to all Muslims, Jumma is the most sacred day of a week.  :).  Friday Sermon is reminder of our duties as Muslim" 
Conor McGregor, Grade-A fighter &amp; Grade-A s**t talker. On December 12th, he's gonna take Aldo's belt. #TheNotorious 
@user and I NOW have 2 things in common. LOVE THE RED SOX and think Bachmann is a joke.. Too bad he loves Bama. There could ve been a 3rd 
Some Halloween makeup I did this morning. can you guess what character? Happy Friday y'all! 
"In post-debate Rasmussen poll, Carly Fiorina breaks top 10, while Huckabee would've landed in the early debate. 
The Latest: Ireland's Paul Dunne turns British Open into amateur hour with stunning 3rd round - 7 ...: Ireland...  
#BlueJays win 2-1 Final!! David Price on the mound tomorrow! #ComeTogether 
-- Thor helped Jane to get out of the ship. Their plan may begin.] [@AmbitiousFoster ] 
"This Wednesday 23rd December special Twilight Market at 4.00pm until 6.30pm, just in time to buy fresh for Christmas!  NO market Boxing Day" 
"Just claimed a sandwich after the employee explicitly called out, """"Cheese Trifecta for Demetria!"""" not my name or my order so happy tues guys" 
Hope you had a great Wednesday. Time for me to  watch Big Brother.  Yes I'm addicted - I admit it. Denise #goodnight 
Mee& my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow #CutiePies 
@user I'll be indy Sunday night of Zac Brown Band concert! But we need to plan a get together with everyone soon 
#Cubs Miguel Montero hits his 13th home run of the season and brings home Anthony Rizzo and (R) Kris Bryant. #MLB 
1D's new music video comes out tomorrow which means directioners will try to beat the BAAB record then it will go on and on forever ok :( 
What a huge match tomorrow in the US Amateur quarterfinals -- NCAA Champ Bryson DeChambeau vs. British Open 54-hole leader Paul Dunne. 
Football Sunday from right behind the Falcons bench. Huge thanks to @user @ The Georgia Dome 
I may treat myself to some Serie B this evening. Cesena v Novara, maybe remind me of how much I loved Gianluca Comotto if he plays #joking 
And it that’s not your thing, don’t forget that Being Human is on our stage this Friday, heart-warming and gorgeous: 
gotta say @user did WOW me saturday with david bowie very theatrical he let the song speak for itself i am now a fan of his :D 
The two days I'm looking forward to the most: tomorrow aka Star Wars Day and Friday of course. :) 
@user at the MD Home and Garden Show stop by today and tomorrow.... They have a fun interactive home theater 
I'm in the south but my greatest desire is to see an end to Boko Haram. May God help our @user president. @user 
"6-0. Shelvey stakes a claim, Delph impressive too and Kane back in the goals in some style. Sets Tuesday up very nicely. ML #BO66Y #England" 
Watch our stunning display of lights at Twilight #Christmas. Book now for the 11th: 
Sadie is listening to sam smith rn even though she's going to his concert tomorrow lol ok 
I'm covering this event for IBM tomorrow. Here's what it's all about:  #NewWayToWork 
Tomorrow we'll release our 58th episode of #HSonAir profiling our very own @user ! We'll talk about storytelling and Beyonce! 
Yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august 17th    Should be well funny 
Most Anticipated mixtape of the year @user THE JUUG MAN!! Club Crucial Aug 2nd (THUR) 
Obama is good for Israel: Tens of millions of Americans will go to the polls on Tuesday to vote for a president ... 
I could have had the BEST DAY EVER!..if I had went to tha Nicki Minaj concert in AC tonight... 
May as well throw Hulk Hogan in the top 10 too. 
"Her name in the movie was Janet Cook, funny, Janet Jackson is also born on May 16th." 
Yo but I'm IN THERE for the Curtis night game on Saturday camera ready 
@user When you coming to Barcelona, I think the 22 May but not sure.   I love you Zayn Malik!! 
"Jennifer Lawrence may be the most crushable girl ever, but we've got some honorary mentions from The Hunger Games! 
V v excited for twilight sad at the barras &amp; this rare Saturday off. Thank you. 
I'll make these available on Amazon tomorrow as well! 
Just drove by IHOP and probably 8 cars in the parking lot. At 6:00 on a Thurs. People are wild. 
Venus was serving and passing better, but she donated some UFEs in the 3rd set. Serena played the big points better for the win. #USOpen2015 
@user the only Nintendo movie that MAY work is "The Wizard" remake. Smash bros tournament 
If you don't take the risk, you may not experience the adventure ---Mariah Carey 
That brawl between undertaker and Brock Lesnar was crazy last Monday on Raw I want to see more 
we spent Halloween, Thanksgiving, 4th of July, Christmas, New Years, and Valentines day together. 
ENDS TOMORROW and the good stuff is going FAST Extra 25% off Nike at w/coupon PUMPED 
Idk bout your Saturday but damn mine was the shit...and I didn't even got to Jouvert 
Don't forget it is Youth soccer make up game tonight (Oct 4th) at the Enterprise Elementary School Field. Check... 
What happens when you pitch a perfect game? You get your own day. June 13th is now Matt Cain Day in #SF! #PerfectCain Congrats Matt! 
going to a Red Sox game tomorrow even though im a Yankee fan its fine :) 
I watched Joyful Noise for the 30th time . It keeps getting better and better . Great actor and a better Artists @user :) 
Hey @user Sharknado is all about April!! You better be in Sharknado 4 Team April all the Way! Tara U Rock! 
"Chicago Bulls.. :-) And yes, Im watching it.. Dreams to come true.. :-) :-) :-) to make it more sweeter, 2nd 
"Church was cool, I think I was expecting more though. None the less I'll be back next sunday." 
Hype park may have finished me off this weekend but I loved it! The Boss yest topped Paul Simon today for me though..I have the best boy! 
@user That was the revelation I mentioned on sunday evening. I am still in Abj. How are u & where have u been again? 
I'm so blessed I've been able to reunite with Nash and see all the other boys this past weekend and I get to see Shawn live for the 1st time 
What a round for Paul Dunne.  Rooting for the young Irishman amateur hard tomorrow. 
Oxygen & VH1 get the MOST ratings on Monday nights. . . Lol we aint playing no games I cant wait till tonight 
4th set point in this game and  challenge called in. Anderson 2-0 sets. Murray much more promising at the end of the 2nd. He's not out yet! 
Sep 5: Roland and Hector, from Wellington FL, treated their boys to some Labor Day snapper fishing with Capt.... 
Tomorrow the day Apple reveals a new iPhone &amp; iPad #SoAnxious I want both items ASAP! 
Kendrick Lamar may be onto the next big thing. 
New IA poll has Ben Carson and Donald Trump tied... with Carly Fiorina in 3rd. Should be an interesting next few months... 
What I love most about this is that every hag will be on DCUM tomorrow talking a t how trashy Nicki or Bey is. When clearly...#VMAs 
"... happened to him while leading the people of Israel. I know that it may not be easy, but you do promise to be with me. Thank you for ..." 
Maddie and Tegan stood in the scorching sun with me after having no sleep for 24 hours waiting for my bus to come I actually love them 
We'll run it back. But it's STH day here in Florham Park. On FRI, we'll be live from MetLife at 6:00 PM. 
there is on thing I have learned from the MLB playoffs, Cougar Town on a new network. I can’t wait till January. #poundinggrape #PENNYCAN!!! 
@user wellllllll. Big Brother is on at 9. So I gotta see when DCC is on. I may be watching it Friday on demand. :) 
Woohoo! This will be the best GGs ever! MT @user Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will host the Golden Globe Jan 13.  
There may or may not be real tears when Paul McCartney takes the stage 
"Only the best were born July 22nd: Oscar de la Renta &amp; me. Ok fine, I guess we can include Prince George too." 
@user @user - the sun is shinning so Happy Nurses Day! 
Last day to see Jurassic World tomorrow and I kinda wanna see it I mean it is Ty's birthday so it makes sense to go again 
Got my @user tickets in the mail today!! So excited to see Mario Lemieux drop the 1st puck! #Hockeyisback 
"Justin Bieber's smile is now certified gold,as he made this golden announcement on his Snapchat on December 16. 
waken the body &amp; mind.join our monday 7am HATHA YOGA open level.start the week energised and refreshed.clear the mind. join @user 
"Go Set a Watchman's UK sales top 100,000 in one day | Books | @user 
"Seeing Ant-Man on monday, finally. 9pm showing, so i'll be useless the next day. And I don't care." 
"Chuck Norris &amp; cloth diapers - a Thursday afternoon can't get better than that! (Oh wait, maybe it could if some... 
@user going by the last 3 games yes.I think son may bring last season Kane back.He under to much pressure .We expect to much of him 
"by tomorrow, my layout will hopefully consist of a selfie with Niall and otra fireworks fingers crossed people" 
@user tickets are cheap at least. And c'mon, you don't get that many chances to see and possibly meet Mario Lemieux" 
"Tomorrow during Happy Hour 5:30-7:00pm is the COORS LIGHT Jason Aldean ticket giveaway, Stop in to win at Tin Pan Alley Tavern 267-571-2900" 
Going to south korea or japan for research in my 7th semester..wow it’ll be amazing #faith 
Spirit week at my school... Star Wars day is on Wednesday and I'm in charge of bringing a game... Hope these scrubs like Battlefront 2! &gt;:3 
Tomorrow at 7:30pm is the Bulldog Welcome at Top Taggart! Afterwards relax and watch the free screening of Jurassic World #BulldogBeginnings 
Hammond: we now have a balanced budget with an affordable equipment programme, backed by what will still be the 4th largest defence budget. 
2 days until #HandofGod arrives on Amazon Prime. We'll have a review for you tomorrow. Until then, here's a trailer: 
"It's Thuuuuuursday and my bestie is arriving tomorrow, Antonio Carluccio shortly after that and then a fabulous event with Reiss on Tuesday!" 
@user met you at the W, ESPY awards. Look forward to seeing you Sat, on the red carpet -Bobby Kimball, Eddie mon 
I can't wait till my show in Elizabeth at club paradise on Saturday ima be wavy and turnt the fuck up! 
"DJ Smoke, Pete C. and Realizm @ the Gin Mill in Kearny this Saturday!! No Cover! 
Getting @user pay-per-view tonight for 1st time in long time. @user will be cool.The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar! 
Amazon #PreOrder is #Live for Vivid!! Go Pre-Order your copy and have it on your kindle October 11th!  Amazon US:... 
Is this is the beginning of real change? Saudi Arabia 1st woman councillor elected!    #empowerwomen #womenissues 
@user it's fun and it may make your time in the big brother final stretch a little less painful. It's on demand and the lifetime app 
I thought he was Justin was going to kiss him lord haHaha 
SELLING 2 JANET JACKSON TICKETS. GOOD SEATS. SEPT 11TH. HMM FOR DETAILS &amp; rt/tag  anyone you think might want them! Thx guys! 
Do you remember that time Chris Farley interviewed Paul McCartney on SNL? That was pretty cool. 
Can’t wait to see Carrie Underwood on the 27th 
23 oct SGFG is out 25 oct MTV EMA'S in Milan  tell me I'm not the only one who hopes that @user will be in italy #ShesKindaHotVMA #ema2015 
I can't wait to go to the Angel game tomorrow vs. the Rangers and talk shit to Josh Hamilton 
Monday at the US Open: Murray, Federer &amp; Konta are all in action at Flushing Meadows today 
Officially Miss Denton USA and officially so excited for Miss USA tonight and for September to come already! 
@user I’ll make you the cd’s while at work so you may add it to your collection if you like! lol :) Girl Poetic Justice n Gold Alpinas! 
Last day closing at Dunkin. Tomorrow is my actual last day. Thank god. 
You're all getting ready for your first day of school while I'm packing up to sleep outside for Justin's show Thursday morning 
@user i'm going on Big Brother's Bit On The Side next Tuesday! I thought you would appreciate this haha :) 
Is Paul George gonna take the T-Mac step in his 3rd year? Hope so 
"Teresa May, Boris Johnson or George Osborne any of whom wld make great PM, the sooner the better  It wld be nice to have Teresa at the helm." 
"Happy Birthday Prince George, you are so cute 
@user Hi there! I reached out re: a new accessory for the Apple Watch - wanted to see if you may have interest in covering? 
By George he's cute! New pictures of Prince George have been released to mark his 2nd birthday. #TenNews 5pm 
"On a break from the law world ... At Roskilde Festival, soaking up pre-fest sun and writing a piece on Danish ethos ! 
@user I'm going to watch Crossfire Hurricane tomorrow HBO 2:00, can't wait, I'm sure I will fall in love with it!" 
"Exciting news - our keynotes for the 2013 event are official. Wednesday we have the legendary, Jonathan Kozol... 
@user @user I agree but Zeller is a great complement to Kyrie and Andy’s style of play is exactly what the 2nd team needs 
Great seeing u. I’m host of Google+ Hangout #RomneyRally Wednesday of u want invite let me know #lynndebate @user 
So iPhone 6th generation has 3 models: 6, 6 Plus and 6S. If I can wait it out I'll get the 7. 
When your friend asks if you want to go and see Paper Towns tomorrow 
"Got some more great pix and vids tonight in Chicago... Not sure when they'll get uploaded, since I'm headed to Detroit tomorrow." 
Monday Afternoon Love Muse from the Legend himself Mr Bob Marley! 
Congrats to Disney for managing to keep ANT-MAN as the #1 movie for a 2nd weekend with a paltry $24.7 million take.  #BoxOffice 
Okay, I can see how you may not like lebron or Tom Brady but not Messi..this guy has nations on his back. 
We held our own with Rodgers and he's a better QB than Cutler. Our D just needs to get tackling 101 &amp; coverages down by Sunday #PhinsUp 
@user wish you were at Midway, I would have bought you a beer safe travels Eddie.on way to Detroit for AC/DC tomorrow night! \m/ 
"On the bright side, a liveeee episode of naruto comes out tomorrow" 
Had a full conversation about Zayn leaving One Direction with my education professor in front of the whole class today. Happy Wednesday 
"a month ago I saw 1D, today I see Ed Sheeran, in one month I see twenty one pilots. the 8th is such a good day" 
ERG praises Pope's help to refugees: Equality Rights Group is delighted by the call made on Sunday by Pope Fra... 
@user because come November 7, whoever is destined to be the next President will have my full respect. Whether it be Obama or Romney 
@user Boko Haram will soon know the 'strength of our collective will' In Sha Allah. May God guide the new Service Chiefs!. Amin 
"Expecting to see KONY stickers all over the school again tomorrow, they're back and i have to go to the assembly with my global class" 
hollywoodcrush: 'My Super Psycho Sweet 16 Pa 3' premieres tonight! Prepare for the carnage with this clip: 
"Wow. Paul Dunne!! Great job kid! Hope he can stay in it tomorrow and show these pros how it's, dare I say, Dunne?! @user #TheOpen2015" 
@user it looks better as the NUFC fans are now in 2nd tier so I can’t see them... It looks like he’s just goading the SUFC fans! 
@user Have a great 2nd birthday Prince George I hope u have a lovely day with lots of lovely pressies!! 
"Thursday's are always the best: how to get  away with murder, TVD and scandal!! #ThursdaysLife" 
28 January 2016 - Workshop in Milan - Digital Transformation the door to success! 
I believe #Rafa could win a 3rd #USOpen title if he can make it to the semifinals at least because of Federer, Murray, etc. #usopenworld 
I managed to go through the entire weekend, including Labor Day, AND Tuesday, without seeing any #Cornhusker highlights. And @user ruined it. 
And tomorrow she wants to go to the movies. And the day after I think we're going to Disneyland. 
Oomf just made wish I had a half rite about now! #1st&3rd 
@user Totally called it! Bitch I'm Madonna is the 2nd song. 
David Beckham shares sweet snap as he kisses his 'beautiful boy' Romeo on his 13th birthday 
Lady boner from Channing Tatum in the Vow right now and the fact that I get McDonald’s breakfast tomorrow with @user #winning 
"Last day in this factory, and frank ocean rumors. Happy Friday boys" 
"Hi Dad! Happy birthday!! """"Thanks what time is the game tomorrow?"""" """"3:30"""" """"Okay, bye."""" Coach Brian Kelly remains focused even on his bday" 
God bless you Mr. Frank Gifford. May you rest in peace. 
"Amazing round from Paul Dunne, fantastic to see amateurs not only making the cut but actually contending.Hope he does well tomorrow #theopen" 
It's friday, Beyonce's birthday n Rodeo album out .. what a holi fucking day. 
Think I'm going to come back to Edinburgh on the 3rd of January just for the Edinburgh Derby.. #cmonhearts 
@user - going to enrole at college tomorrow (fingers crossed) and I have myself a J.O.B back at loaf so it's all goooood x 
@user did the team score goals? Did they beat City, Arsenal, Liverpool and Draw Chelsea ? How about that for sneaking into 4th 
Drake White And The Big Fire.  Tonight and tomorrow at Citifield with Zac Brown Band.  They go on at 7p.  Don't... 
@user Where are we going out for Devin's 21st?? Northampton's finest... the Gin Mill? haha 
On September 5 1991, Madonna's The Immaculate Collection won Best Long-Form Video at the 8th annual MTV Video... 
If you have MOTO G 3rd gen guess what you can have  Airtel 4G! Tweet using #GetAirtel4G for a free SIM home delivery.! 
"KPOP may not be my friend, but at least he knows how to make my day a little brighter and my mood a little better." 
Amazon may intro a 6-inch, $50 tablet - half the price of its current low-priced model, for the holiday season 
@user  #espnnow Tell Dustin Johnson that every day is Thursday until Monday morning, please." 
@user The Gals @ the Dunkin on East 23rd in Manhattan always show love for me in the morning. 
@user Also he """"Won"""" his 1st World Heavyweight Championship with some assistance from @user in the Georgia Dome." 
Finally going to watch Straight Outta Compton tomorrow with my sisters. Maybe we can sneak into a Paper Towns screening after... #sneaky 
@user so ready for the ACT tomorrow 
If the sun is shining down on you today.....thank george harrison and smile because little darlin' it's alright. 
@user may I have a dm with Niall?:)) 
Getting pumped for the #Niners #Giants game Sunday. And I guess so it Kyle Williams 
I have a three hour car dried tomorrow and CALIBRASKA is gunna be on repeat the whole time #CalibraksaEP 
@user do you know Roman Abramovich is the 3rd richest man in Britian? #InterestingFactOfTheDay #InterestingGilfriend 
im in the hometown of bernie sanders, it's his birthday tomorrow, and my dad can't stop saying "bern down for what" 
Celebrating the last 45 years &amp; looking forward to the next 45! Thanks for your support. It helps people like Chelsea 
Hopefully my newlook PS4 will be here tomorrow with Until Dawn :D 
I'm listening to a blue grass song that I usually associate with Nirvana. It's that kinda Sunday. 
#SmartCamp is coming to Auckland Sept 17, will we see you @ IBM @user @user @user @user  @user 
See you tomorrow at Dunkin' Donuts in Hoxsie from 10-11! 
@user no JK.. Wait when are you available???!!! Rafa is pwede on Friday and you said Friday greenbelt.. Am I roight? =)) 
Photo: bunnydoodles: /r/sketchdaily theme for September 7th: Harry Potter I love Harry Potter and all the... 
I feel like Sam Smith may be the reincarnation of Jesus Christ 
Ryan Gosling and George Clooney in the ides of march just... blow my mind. Such a good film. I just, i just cant even... 
"prince george, this sweet magic is coming to you so soon... don't forget sept 1st is the last day to save $500 on... 
"Nicki is so hot and out of all the fine qualities she has, her teeth just may be my fav one. Not her butt, but her teeth." 
Heat vs Knicks gone be the best series in the 1st round.. 
"We may not have it all together, but together we have it all" @ Chelsea, London 
Cant believe that just in March I was judging PawSox Idol with Miss MA teen @user Tonight she's competing for Miss teen USA! #goodluck 
Wish you were eating @ Jackie O’s today? Come to the Appalachian Health Summit Saturday for delicious Jackie O’s lunch, & health workshop :) 
Oh and did I mention how I'm meeting CHRIS EVANS IN JANUARY?! So much to look forward to the next couple of months &lt;3 
Party tonight Friday Oct 26 @ Kwames Fusion 476 Cosburn Ave East York. On M2J 2N5    Playing the best in old school reggae and hip hop. 
For those going to Circoloco at DC10 tomorrow you are in for a treat. @user is doing a special House set from 18:00-22:00 on the terrace 
Prince George's 2nd Birthday: Find Out How the Royal Family Plans to Celebrate! | E! Online 
@user @user SACRAMENTO KINGS, we just beat y’all Sunday and thurs night so what it was preseason won me some money. Nov11 
Don’t worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on !!!! I better go to Bed 
Talkin with Procter&Gamble sound like its the move to make..but well see come Thursday for this career fair 
had great time in Barca, also made some profit which is always nice. Back to the online grind for the sunday today #vamoooos #lfg 
What if: Dr. King passed up a march?? Malcolm X took a day off?? God took a personal day?? Great people take #NoDaysOff. Where do you fall?? 
Check out the amazing World Music Festival organized for the 7th consecutive year by Rialto theatre in Limassol! 
Can’t wait for tomorrow. Nervous but excited. Colo, Taylor and Krul all back. How’s the Mackem slayor feeling? 
@user @user My feeling Serena could win 2 straight set, but as a respect2 Venus and viewers she let Venus 2win 2nd set 
"People will accept ur ideas much more readily if u tell them Benjamin Franklin said it 1st." [DComins] || Which is y Kerry just quoted him. 
"I liked 'Helsinki, Finland - Nokia Factory Room - 10 November 2012 20:00' in the DJ Shadow App 
@user Hey Curtis! We're hosting a chat tomorrow at 2pm around BC skiing. Would love if you could join in: 
Star&gt;Box Office:Ant-Man Stomps on the Competition for 2nd Weekend at 1:Marvel Studios' Ant-Man was 1 at t... #actors 
"Watched Paper Towns for the 3rd time today and I absolutely loved it, just when I thought I couldn't love this movie even more." 
So can I skip school tomorrow and go to the city to see Shawn the Jacks &amp; Justin 
"Sibling-wed Game with Scott and Chris Evans, Part 2 La risa de Chris me dio risa, basta." 
Machine Gun Kelly concert tomorrow with the best sister in the world (: #GirlTime #RealTalk (: 
"Great show Saturday live from Mornington brewery. Following cricket show where we chat with Matt Whelan, Curtis... 
is looking forward to doing the @user 800m at the London Grand Prix tomorrow but really needs to start shifting this cold!! 
@user It just started last night. Meryl Streep’s daughter is the main character (ie Meredith) 1st episode was quite good. 
@user Yeahhhhh fam, Or I may just go to the outlets and hit up the Nike Factory. God would bless me if they are on the clearance shelf haha 
Tomorrow is Grateful Dead night at the #STLCards game! Don't miss @user  performing @user after the game 
"Tonight, Curtis is going to Comrade Bill De Blasio's 2nd Town Hall meeting. He was told he'd have to RSVP (Reject... 
The sun's glow had given way to a brilliant twilight that paint the great mountains with violet and orange rivers. #PaintGlowNYE @user 
Its Friday that means Friday Night Lights good luck at all the football teams out there tonight 
Rock Calendar 9-7-01: Performing on stage for first time in 11 years, Michael Jackson is reunited with Jackson 5 at The 30th Anniv. Celeb. 
@user I'm hanging out with Conrad this weekend and am going to the Colts game Sunday. Let's do Btown for an IU Basketball game! 
Everyone, I found out I have the same birthday (September 12) as Paul Walker and the same birth place (Long Beach, CA) as Snoop Dogg 
[KCCI] Pope changes annulment process for divorced: Pope Francis on Tuesday radically reformed the process by ... 
"Happy Labour Day Slicers : ) We found some sun earlier and are chasing the waves today, back tomorrow for all... 
@user marni introduced me to 'friday night dinner' ... thats quality! Have a nice night my dear, I'm finally calling it in :) X" 
So it's 4th day of Eid... Still having busyness.. 
Free iced coffee Monday at Dunkin and pumpkin spice is back... This basic girl is so excited that I just got a coffee at 8pm 
Watching Jurassic World for literally the 10th time. Because Chris Pratt. 
@user ohh :D i just came back from Melaka :D will go to Sepang tomorrow -.- 
"Thanks, Christians, for giving us a 24-hour break from capitalism, yet still helping to uphold it. I guess.  
House is a great show, and Thursday House marathons are 8 hours of a great show. Good day to have a sinus infection. :D 
I want it to be Friday so i can get my medium iced latte from Dunkin 
@user on our way to Edinburgh it's our son Kane's 21st -we brought him up on great music! Please say happy birthday.thanks guys 
So excited about the opportunity to go listen to @user speak in Knoxville, TN tomorrow night!! Looking forward to learning! :) 
@user Hello sweetie, hope your enjoying your hols. Found you on here through E L James, I’m half way through 2nd bk after 4days!x 
@user the iphone has sold in excess of 700 million units since launch, that is almost thrice as much as the Nokia 
Safe and sound at Narita airport! Feels good to be back at the land of rising sun 
"Tomorrow at Knollwood, Tyler Graham and Ashley Mayhall compete! Any body I'm missing, let me know! Zoe is on vacation..Enjoy the trip!" 
Down to 2 at the final table. Merson and Sylvia. No shame for the kid Balsiger. 3rd place and $3.8 million is great for the 21 yr old. 
Nicki is a great woman I don't care what you say. I may don't like her music a lot but she's very intelligent. 
"Happy Captain America Day! David Wright batting 4th tonight. Mets, yo." 
"""""@ForeverBayBay: Just watched the Pursuit of Happiness for the 1st time. I love it."""" Good Deeds by tyler perry is the girl version" 
Like if you’re proactive about your health!   Don’t miss THIS SUNDAY’S live Google+ Hangout about genetic... 
It warms my heart when I see Muslims on here wishing Christians a blessed Sunday.   And when Christians do the same on Friday Muslim prayers 
Come play the @user 15th Ball Challenge and you could score a Nokia tablet! #15thShot #yougotthis 
Thanks to Everyone who played Jouvert with us Red Antz Miami. See you all on the Road tomorrow with Euphoria Mas. 
"What's nice about CY pitching tomorrow night, he won't lose focus like Ventura did after Thor singled. We can't go to a game 7 with YV" 
@user oh yeah! Will be the first one to get it on the 4th from PSN! 
Tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so I can come back to Murray in the spring. #stressful 
that Fourth of July remix thingy in Paper Towns just makes me feel something weird and good and refreshing like !!! 
Great to see David Price tie Blue Jays strike out record as 1st time hurler for Jays who tighten wild card race with big win over Minn. 
"Finally getting a chance to watch Sharknado 3. I liked the 1st one a lot and loved the 2nd one, so I've really been looking forward to it." 
"Cool #cdnpoli RT@angelpike: Call the hospital in Iqaluit & press 2 for English. Experience an aboriginal language as 1st choice""""" 
Goddess bless the Sisterhood of Seeing Magic Mike XXL Alone at 1:00pm on Tuesday. 
@user My #WildestDreams came true when I saw you &amp; @user make magic at MetLife on July 10th! 
Glad to attend Sat afternoon at Eid festivities in Regina's CandyCanePark + tonight at Pakistan-Cda Cultural Assoc Eid dinner! 
Grocery delivery services Instacart and Amazon Prime Now to the test in this Does it Work Wednesday: 
#CrossSkyHigh is going IOS #saturday. For now try this #indiedev @user @user 
7th floor. iJustine conquers Mariah Carey with a crayon. Merrill Sheep loses Ricky Rubio next to them. 
DTN USA: Lexus Takes the Wraps Off Its Mysterious Hoverboard: This Lexus hoverboard may not be the "Back to th... 
Sitting on the floor watching the Stones doc Crossfire Hurricane for the 3rd time. @user @user @user @user @user 
Dustin Johnson quadrupled bogeyed the 1st hole? At least he got it over with quick this time 
It’s amazing to see the success thus far early from Udofia, considering how Marshall, etc stifled Lorenzo Brown on Thursday night 
"Winter Jam coming up November 18th...TOBY MAC JUST ANNOUNCED AS HEADLINER! Only $10 at the door, no advance tickets needed!" 
Why John Kasich may be strongest GOP prez candidate - even if he may not be able to get nomination. Read @user  
"In other news (realised I seldom tweet these days), I climbed Mount Snowdon on Saturday with two wonderful friends. SH-BOOM! #Wales" 
@user you wanna watch The Big Bang Theory tomorrow?  Its on TBS after Seinfeld.  Should be good! 
Hey FB, my brother in this movie with Snoop Dogg!   Happy Wednesday!!  Enjoy!! 
@user @user I think we need this for the Lexus slide for 5th floor. 
"Can't wait for tomorrow's headline: ""Nicki beats the hell out of Miley at VMA after party""" 
This time tomorrow I'll be waiting for the Foo Fighters to grace the stage with @user #foofighters #RoyalBlood 
@user  Hmm I usually don't watch B/G shows but I may have to make an exception for something like that ;) 
"Ryan Braun making the ever so smart ""Stretch To A Triple When Down 4 Runs in the 9th""" 
Would 15 people want to come to an @user gig supporting at The Horn on the 29th? Need at least 15 for it to happen 
"#itfc Last season #Millwall started with 3-0 win at Bristol City. 2nd match, you've got it, Hull City at home!Omen! Lions won that one 4-0." 
@user aw thanks sam ! I miss you too much. & tomorrow you better text me. I have a lot to tell ya . 
Samsung confirms August 13 launch date for the Galaxy Note 5 
may even get to watch the North London Derby match at Emirates for the first time next season! 
@user if you've ever seen Friday night lights on Netflix you look like Lila Gearity!!!!!! 
"Pieces from the 1st Traci Lynn Fashion Jewelry  Show I went with Kalynn M. Kendrick , yes Ladies the Jewelry is definitely On Fleek!" 
May 12 - international Nurses day- celebrate the birthday of '' ''FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE'' !! HAPPY NURSES DAY !! 
Thank you to @user for inviting us to join them at the #IBCShow in Amsterdam next Thursday - 
"Brian Kelly just told North Carolina """"my team is stronger than your team"""" with that QB sneak on 4th and 1 #NDFB #NDvsUNC" 
My Friday has started well. The Chargers beat the Cowboys and the first song from the new Iron Maiden album is now online. Winning! 
Joe Biden may just be the answer to stoping the family entitlement in U.S. politics if Martin O'Malley doesn't succeed. Run Joe Run! 
it may look like im going to hard to trap music while driving right now but i assure you i'm listening to fleetwood mac 
@user are you going to digi tomorrow 
"Drink a Tank 7 every time they say ""Thor"" on the #FOX broadcast and see if you can make it 'til the 5th inning. #BoulevardBeer" 
"Paul Rudd stars as ANT-MAN, showing tonight, tomorrow and Sunday. Rated PG-13. Showtimes are at 7:15 each night.... 
Well, I'll be watching on a 4th gen of iphone. even it wont get ios 9 update.  #AppleEvent 
I have so many videos going live tomorrow!! TOMMY TOY:   Dean Malenko Review  Connecticut Comic Conn Toy Hunt  TOY SPA: Seth Rollins ASMR 
I'm going to see magic Mike xxl (I think that's what it's called) this Tuesday with two friends (it's a movie with Channing Tatum &lt;3) 
Loved the hair style from Friday’s Jason Wu New York Fashion Week show? We’re giving you the step-by-step to... 
GdS - 65 thousand tickets have already been sold for the upcoming Milan derby next Sunday. A sold-out is pretty much possible. 
Anyone want to buy 2 Chelsea tickets for there game against Aston villa at home 17th of October good seats behind the goal DM me 
Am I the only one pumped for Jason Aldean tomorrow?? 
I love the Triangle RT@thedevilwolf: This is really going to hurt Virginia Tech on Selection Sunday 
@user Chris &amp; Johnny from Coldplay were just on Chris Evans R2 show to play new single &amp; new album out 4th Dec + on TFI tonight 
In Manhattan? Please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of @user RFK apt @ 113 East 13th St#SandyVolunteer 
"Tim Tebow may have you ""beat"" ""@lilduval: I think I might be the most famous dude that still jacks off.""" 
A great read with your Saturday morning coffee. I’m voting for a pres working on social justice, tolerance, & equality. 
"As Prince George turns two, Europe marks other royal birthdays: While the second birthday of Prince George may... 
@user I'll actually be able to play Minecraft with you tomorrow on stream :D 
Looking forward to seeing Chuck Close's installation at the 86th and 2nd Ave subway! Carol Vogel @user reports 
Youth Soccer season starts in 10 days Nov 3rd. Don't miss out on the action - register at 
Omg Tegan &amp; Sara are going to be in Oakland on Nov 14 I must go! 
"We like to have some fun at our community. Come to the pool on July 23rd, 2-3pm, to celebrate National Hot Dog Day! 
"Monday was a great sign for David Wright. But if he stumbles, he's willing to take a backseat: 
Manuel Charr Looks Confident Ahead of Saturday Clash Vs. Vitali Klitschko: Charr didn’t look scared as he stared... 
"Will make 120pcs of cakepops and 100pcs of chocolate lollies tomorrow, Aja! :)" 
"Also, Sharknado 3 tomorrow! Bring on the campy shark and theme park humor!" 
did @user ever meet @user ? was so proud to be a Nirvana fan when they did the benefit gig in april 93 @user 
Get excited for The Local Q Birthday Bash on Friday night by checking out the band profile of Trifecta here: 
David Wright is back baby! Home run from 1st ball ending with 2 for 5#WrightOnTime 16-7 win over The Phillies 
David Beckham has revealed speaking to Queen Victoria and says the loss of her record may just spur her on to win it back. #QueenElizabeth 
The nicest teacher in the world (Mr. Rocha) gave us an extra day for our hw and I still didn’t do it!! Guess who’s waking up early tomorrow. 
Mitt is the man; going to go vote tomorrow. 
The Landlord from Will Ferrell.avi via @user  This will cure the Monday blues. Funny funny shit 
Tom Brady playing on Thursday makes the nfl season opener better to be honest nobody wanted to see a 2nd string QB 
"1963- In the 1st match of the season Milan beat Mantova 1-4, with a hat trick from Jose Altafini #MantovaMilan 
May you all have a great Thor's day! #Asatru #awakenthenorth #vikingclan 
Mother-Daughter night at 1st Niagara Pavilion with the Foo Fighters :D It's gonna be a great day!  ..Tomorrow at... 
@user magic girl don't stress yourself and you don't need to say sorry health come 1st take care and I hope you had great time on Eid 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day so make sure to get the cream in your mouths 
Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George. I can't believe that it's 2 years since I was glued to the TV awaiting the announcement! 
@user just watched WWAT concert film!! Very excited! Sooo amazing;) I'll go to the theater tomorrow,too!Cant wait!!Love you Niall!" 
Our Term 3 Mama Brown Thursday Twilight finished with a bang last night - grand final results are below:... 
Bowling tonight, softball tomorrow, MOVING Saturday!!!  Whoop whoop! 
"PS4 is all packed up with the rest of my gear, moving day tomorrow!" 
"Oliseh pleased with home-based players after win in test game: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, ... via @user 
STING vs. Seth Rollins on September 20th for the World Title! Amazing! 
@user Still loving  Must See Saturday.where else can you be VicTORIous Get a Big Time Rush and learn How To Rock. Luved the episode. 
Hey everyone! We'll be watching the second Harry Potter film together on September 18th. Make sure to plan accordingly! 
@user @user Did you see that Ric Flair will be at Dreamwave on January 2nd? 
Naijaprizes Proud of the Super Eagles - This perfect Monday the Super Eagles bowed out of the World Column.... 
"#TDIM ""George Fest: A Night to Celebrate the Music of George Harrison"" Coming to CD on February 26 cc @user 
@user #MyFaveAlbums -P'way Drive Atlas, UFO Strangers in the Night, Iron Maiden 1st, Mach Head Ashes of Empires, UFO Strangers in Night" 
Fenix Rising DLC for Gears3 tomorrow, cant wait to Re-Up and try out the new maps! Also Savage KantupXlg 
Can it be almost Thursday?? YES IT CAN! Labor Day has come and gone... but Shari's Open Mic keeps on keepin' on! 
@user This is What ""Floyd Mayweather"" AKA ""Money May"" Made When he BEAT MANNY PAQUIO.!!! LOL.... $207 MILLION.." 
These are awesome! Kerry, how much fun did you have at his photo shoot? 
"YUM! National Ice Cream Day is Sunday, July 19th. Enjoy a treat from Dairy Queen in the food court or at Nieve de... 
!!!!!!!! RT @user It's definitely going to be a good week when the Broncos make it to the Super Bowl..... #barf #monday" 
@user He's going to beat Seth Rollins THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT WWE SUUUPPPEEERRSLAMMM!!! 
@user cool this is cool i managed to get the CTS sun in the pic and black stars for Avril now for lawson 
*A hot cup of coffee on a cold morning & some nice country music to go gets me everytime :)! #WeAreND (8-0), 3rd in the BCS! 
Friday at IHOP it was like 11:30 and I felt like it was 3 in the morning. I was so done. 
The Pope RSVPd. Have you? Take your selfie with the pop-up Pope at our Fall Social on Monday! 
Nothing better than listening to the Magic Mike XXL soundtrack on a Saturday @user #ChanningSwag #DemBeats 
Just found out I'm graduating May 30th at the Comcast Center 
@user @user now back in the day I watched a good bit. Friends, Seinfeld, 3rd Rock, 70s show. But as I got older not much 
I hope anderson starts tomorrow’s game he did very against chelsea 
You know it's Friday when I'm in bed with a hot pocket and Gilmore Girls 
This Sunday, come watch the Ravens take on the Browns, and help support the Baltimore Humane Society! CAPTAIN... 
I like what I’ve seen today in NNS race! We have us a 2nd groove with side by side, sometimes 3 wide on front stretch, racing! #NASCAR #fb 
Soccer-La Liga top scorers: Oct 29 (Infostrada Sports) - Top scorers of the La Liga on Monday 13 Lionel Messi (B... 
Dustin Johnson has the #OpenChampionship field right where he wants them heading into tomorrow's final round: In front of him. 
"A year ago today, Kris Bryant was named minor league player of the year. Today he sits in 6th place in RBIs in the National League. #stud" 
@user Yesterday, October 11 made 3 months since I saw you in the WWAT in Spain and it was really nice see the film again" 
"Don't look now, but John Kasich may mess around and get in this debate at the last minute. And win New Hampshire." 
@user Raccoon City and this one are pretty much the same but it's a big step up from the 5th. So fun! 
I am really hoping the #preds aren't one of the 5 teams that called about trading for Kane. Not sure we have enough room for 3rd chances. 
RT @user Looking forward to Celebrity Juice tonight! 
I think I may have popped my ear drums and a vain in my head from singing along to Fleetwood Mac very loudly down the parkway #noregrets 
'Knock Knock: Live:' David Beckham Surprises Family In Need: Tuesday marked the debut of "Knock Knock:... #family 
Yet another reason to come to the June 2 Noche Argentina Milonga at Calle Ocho:  we will have a FABULOUS... 
@user good to hear. I’m racing saturday in New Castle at Blue Diamond. Then have a big ride day sun with one of our distributors. 
Got the new Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Saturday....makes me so happy! 
"The day I buy my 1st car, the 1st song I'll play on it will be Kanye West - Can't Tell Me Nothing" 
@user yea still nokia 210 i just kinder like the phone this my 7th times am usin it 
So excited for new Thor on wednesday. I just finished @user last run and it's been so wonderful. 
So Bernie Sanders has the same birthday as me.  
"Tomorrow I'll do solo DMs with Michael Clifford,Justin Bieber,Nash Grier,Beau Brooks,Jai Brooks maybe LIAM! so follow me n turn my notifs on" 
@user please Justin follow me ! Hope everyday ! Je t’aime ! Can wait to see u in Paris for the 1st time ! Je t’aime <3 (: 
Olivia Jordan is the 2nd American woman to hold the title of both Miss World America and Miss USA 
Federer defeats Kohlschreiber 6-3 6-4 6-4 to go through to the 4th Round @user 
#MLBFantasy Josh Donaldson went 3-for-4 with a solo homer and two runs scored Monday against the Red Sox. 
Kendrick Lamar reminding us all why he's king.  
boruto naruto the movie comes out november i need to catch up real quick 
Got tickets to Jimmy Fallon for Friday, going to see my boy Donald trump baby!!!!! 
About to get this grind sesh in with the fellas!!!! Pro Day on Monday!!! 
Well Rome is rather beautiful! Can't wait to the Roma - Juventus game on Sunday! 
"SIGH. Not really huge news in my opinion, but don't get me wrong I'm excited for Rousey &amp; Holm in Australia and seeing it sooner than Jan 2." 
Score! I can say i had a nice day at the RNDM show on Thursday :) 
@user @user @user @user @user GO BORO!May the FORCE be with you from the 1st second to the last! 
Federer is my 2nd fave male tennis player of all time right after the great Arthur Ashe. 
Harper Lee's second novel Go Set a Watchman may be block-buster; but the big read is Charles Dickens' All the Year Round. 
@user @user   Keep focus on Harper&amp; all these good things will be added unto you May the best man who wins the heart of Canadians 
@user Cannot wait to catch you guys @ Lost Horizon in 'Cuse on Sunday, back to where I saw you guys for the 1st time ever!" 
I went and bought an iTunes card just for Calibraska on Thursday @user @user #CalibraksaEP 
KPop: Will Psy be the first Korean to win a Grammy?: Psy may qualify for the upcoming Grammy Awards. Gangnam Sty... 
I still want my Vanilla fudge ima get some tomorrow I was really craving that all day . 
She's really funny. In that 5th Harry Potter book I could not stop laughing the whole way through it. 
Watching the repeat of Sunday's Live episode and my god this Loyiso guy can sing. He killed that Sam Smith song. 
This is on Amazon Prime! Can't wait to see it tomorrow!  
@user 2nd goal Barcelona would be proud of. Cleverly isnt the future he's the present. Sneijder coming soon... RT please :) 
"Even more excited for the weekend now....super Sunday with the wonderful spurs .....Curtis, Dean any predictions?" 
"Wow kudos 2 the students 4 #LoudYes Rahul Gandhi may go 4 another ""Atma Chintan"" #RahulStumped #RahulVsModi" 
Catch Paul McCartney on Saturday Night Live tonight! 
"I can't wait until tomorrow, when I can watch the PLL Halloween episode without shame or guilt." 
Bring it on Willard Mitt Romney! Let me hear those ZINGERS!!  HAPPY 20th Wedding Anniversary to President Barack... 
"2) Asking for a friend who is going to Lolla for Paul McCartney tomorrow.  Yes, me. #fingerscrossed" 
The tix have been purchased. Saturday is Star Wars Day for me and the Mister. Gotta love reserve seating! 
For first time ever I can't wait to wake up at 6am on Monday! Love the Paul Dunne story but pulling for @user #TheOpenChampionship 
Dustin Johnson has a remarkable record in the opening two rounds of his last 6 majors...  
Sept 7 (Reuters) - Factbox on Americans Serena and Venus Williams, who will meet in a quarter-final at the U.S. Open on Tuesday. BORN: * 
Might be going for the LSU game Saturday! 
"Okay so I'm going to be able to cross off 3 Legend bands/artist from my Bucket List.. AC/DC, Paul McCartney and tomorrow Metallica! #Legends" 
Tomorrow for my birthday I think I'm gonna go to the cinema because I want to watch Paper towns 
Love the way Floyd Mayweather only refers to himself in 3rd person 
"Smooth Breakfast easing you into a very mild Wednesday on the West Mids with Pixie Lott, Kelly Clarkson and Bee Gees in the next 10 mins" 
I hope tomorrow is a better effing day! Drift nirvana better be lit 
can't wait for tomorrow!! @user @user I get to meet @user and I can't even believe it. ready for Digi! 
"Calling all ladies! Come celebrate Eid in East London this Sunday! Join us for a day full of fun, games &amp; food 
@user Pats fan here. How long are you in Tampa?  I fly in Friday night. Considering your budget, I’d love to buy you a cigar! #Generous 
Eating spaghetti and watching Jurassic park on my Saturday night. Not even mad about it. Great movie great food. 
"Apple is expected to announce the iPhone 6S at 1PM tomorrow."  Translation: At 1:00 PM tomorrow, the Internet will lose its shit. 
"If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning. - Gandhi" 
"Excited for all of the Youth Soccer Teams today!!!! Go get a """"kick"""" out of this Saturday! #MYSL" 
Remembering the Grateful Dead's Jerry Garcia on the 20th Anniversary of His Death 
"Carly Fiorina was failing to crack 1% in recent #IAcaucus polls.  Today, she's tied for a close 3rd with 10%! #CarlyFiorina #Carly2016" 
Knicks vs Heats gone be the best 1st round series in the playoffs 
"I want a 6-0 stomping at RFK on Saturday, boys. Make it happen. #DCU" 
Norman Reedus has likened tonight's #TWDSeason5Premiere to the Fourth of July - I can't wait! Make sure to join us @user #TWDArmy 
"CIT is bludgeoning the Feb-Apr 2013 programme into shape. Mighty things in store for visual artists, theatre makers, writers & more." 
"You will know when get to school on Monday because I will scream, ""Hey Guys it's JOHN CENA"" and play the song when I enter. Thank you." 
@user just a heads up tomorrow July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day! 
Getting hype about the PGA Championship on Thursday! As much as I want Tiger to win I'm throwing my duckets on Dustin Johnson. 
I'm really pleased with your concert in Mexico on October 1 and of course I'll be there! @user 
Inviting the friends for Eid visiting! Sat or Sun??? 
"We may call Liam dad but let's be real, Niall is dad. Always havin a chat with people, checkin up on the wife and fam." 
Going to see Paper Towns tomorrow before dance with meh bestie!! So hyped!! @user #PaperTownsMovie 
I Will Be Performing at the DC Star on September 1st Hope Yall Can Come Thru! 
@user I want her so bad...... ohhh, in Melodifestivalen you mean? Yes yes, but that will never happen. Netherlands was 15th :')" 
The only GREAT dead Beatle is George Harrison.  May he serenade me with a sweet guitar solo as I enter the pearly gates 
I really want what Thor had in that flask in the 2nd Avengers. #Drank 
Hitting the night life with Lady Gaga #HustleHard 
how have I known about frank ocean since 9th grade and I JUST NOW realize he is a baller and probably one of the most inventive dudes in rnb 
"if work today and tomorrow are any indication, the Foo Fighters and Lake Street Drive concerts better be fucking epic" 
nothing in the world is better than laying in the sun listening to nirvana 
Monday Night Football - Gary Neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris. #itsnoteasy 
Fantastic event in Tenby on Sunday with the second running of the Ironman Wales triathlon. More than 40 nations... 
"I can tell you one thing, Macs may have their downsides, but that OS is as solid as Chuck Norris flexing his butt muscles" 
Wishing you a happy Eid Mubarak. May the peace of Allah and the joy of Eid be with you today and always. 
David coming through the with an Ed Sheeran ticket is the best thing in boyfriend history 
What makes a great #test leader? Discuss with @user at #SQGNE Wed Sept 9 @ 6:30 pm, Oracle, One Network Dr, Burlington, MA. 
Use code PUMPED on Nike's clearance to get an extra 25% off. Ends on the 7th. 
This got several lols and if mum's allergy test goes well tomorrow I may play it to Thor when I bring him home!... 
"Sunday morning at the First Church of George Harrison, aka listening to All Things Must Pass. (The best Sunday morning album ever?)" 
"Ed Sheeran, Ant &amp; Dec &amp; the Royal Marines' Unbelievable Performance - Saturday Night Takeaway 
Here’s the FULL info for Friday’s Pats Game!!:)   Breast Cancer Awareness Night Friday Post-Game Skate on the... 
Monday Blues? Here's a picture of Snoop Dogg with a seal. Your welcome. 
Today's #FF number 1 goes to @user because he's SOO GOOD at computers that Steve Jobs is worried about job security. 
Floyd Mayweather says Muhammad Ali is the 5th best boxer of all time via @user 
David Beckham can you please marry me... Like tomorrow 
Off to bed but looking forward to flumps and playing Minecraft with Martin and Chloe tomorrow...Hmmm minecraft flump? #flumplover #minecraft 
@user @user Thankfully @user and I will be going to the USOpen Finals this Sat prayerfully to see Serena make history 
Make like Bob Marley and get Jammin! Jam Night at The Sun Inn, Saxilby - 8pm tonight #Saxilby #JamNight 
@user We have an IOT workshop by @user at 11PM on the Friday - definitely worth going for inspiration! #HackThePlanet 
@user if I may make another suggestion. D.R.U.G.S. mixtape by Flatbush Zombies. I know it sounds weird af but trust me. #dopeness 
I’ll be rooting for Penn State tomorrow...even tho THEY MURDERED JOE PA FOR SOMETHING HE DIDN’T DO! the new coach & kids deserve that 
@user Oh are you so sweet to me? Ready to tie Ric Flair this Sunday? 
@user I know I'm late, but I enjoyed meeting you at Paleyfest in March!  I am from Bethlehem, PA. Love you on Bones.  :-)" 
Starting work on Fashion Star tomorrow! My couch is really going to miss me. I got myself a treat to celebrate: 
Had a blast @ the Red Sox game last Fri! Share your pics on our FB page! 
Just found a photo of me and my Girl Scouts troop back in like 3rd grade. I was so cute and innocent...what the hell happened #reminiscing 
TOMORROW!!!! Where to Get FREE ICE CREAM on National Ice Cream Day - Sunday July 19th!!  Comment if you know of... 
Mitch Daniels gave Stephen Colbert a Purdue hat on Thursday’s show... I hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory 
Man the features on the NFL Sunday Ticket app on the PS4 are on poooooont. I feel like I'm in football heaven. 
"Interesting visit with Terra Nova yesterday at Stoneleigh, blowing a hoolie and Voyager 2.2 wasn't moving, class tent." 
3 bottles of Prosecco later, we're sat here listening to Celine Dion, Fleetwood Mac, Bette Midler.   Not gonna lie. I'm loving it! 
That may have been @user best drive since the first 2 against Green Bay. #WVU 
For the ladies, because #Thursday. Donald Glover in Magic Mike XXL. Tasty. 
Long live the independent #bookstore. This one is recalling Watchman. 
Arsenal will have no trouble finishing 4th and above. We've done it with Chamakh-Bendtner upfront. 
Delicious warm sun...great to see you (if only briefly) after hurricane sandy whipped through here a couple hours ago. 
@user runner on 2nd no outs, drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out. His fault not Acta’s 
"Donald Trump says he has nothing but nice things to say about Kanye West, but adds he may ""have to run against him in a few years.""" 
@user I will hear a U2 when I pass through the pearly gates. too bad I'm not a Sunday school teacher, I'd teach that" 
Will Fleeing Syrians Flood the Food banks or be served at The Ritz ?  David Cameron Merkel Duncan Smith Theresa May The Pope Sentimentalists 
@user @user royal rumble tomorrow night, my house. assemble the crew were gettin real this time haahaha 
Travelling to Hat Yai on 18 Aug for 3 days and travelling to Brunei on end of nov with some of my close friends! #excited #Heaven #pinchme 
@user so we get to see it in Ireland tomorrow on E News. Can't wait. Congrats on the little bun in the oven #amazeballs x 
Apparently Super Mario Maker comes out on the 11th of September. I guess it's Nintendo's way of saying "just bloody rebuild them already". 
Magic Mike XXL is so muj better than the 1st one lol 
"After four long months, the heart &amp; soul of the @user returns to a 1st place team. Welcome back, David Wright: #Mets" 
@user Of course you're still in race for the JBL speakers and Moto G 3rd Gen! Keep tweeting #SabKuchFixKaregaMrRight! 
I think @user is my besy player for Manchester United then it is Robin Van Persie good luck aginst Arsneal at Old Trafoord Saturday 
child like excitement building ahead of the #RWC think my 2nd team is going to be Tonga #loveabitofbiff 
@user Hey Soph, The Vamps are playing over @user that's why you may have not have seen the Vista Room option, ha!" 
Will be assisting the Marching Band at the game tomorrow from the bleachers, I hope you all like vuvuzela 
"Kunle Afolayan did a good job with """"October 1st """"" 
Good Morning. Its DEFINITELY time 4 a new phone. alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore. Tryin 2 wait on Steve Jobs before I make a move 
The veto comp tmrw may be one of the best ever in the history of Big Brother. #BB17 
iPad Pro, Apple TV expected to take center stage Wednesday: It's that time of the year. For five years, Apple ... 
Reminder- We hope to see you tomorrow night at Volstead! details on our FB page at 
Jesus! Chelsea vs Everton will the first game on Saturday. LOL. Hope I have a shoulder to lean on. 
LET'S GO BLUE JAYS! Wheels have come off the Red Sox in the 10th. #ComeTogether 
The comedians from Chelsea Lately will be at the Fox Theatre tomorrow! I’m so excited! 
RT @user RT @user Photo: Mr. Jackson Rathbone (aka Jasper from Twilight) was looking MIGHTY fine tonight ... 
@user Hii Bale how r u bro on 12 Sep match is their, so all the best for the match and I hope my favorite real madrid team will win" 
"July 19th is National Ice Cream Day, are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor?... 
"Vintage TFI Friday @user Great silliness + Lionel Ritchie, Maltesers, Chris Evans at his best #love it" 
"""""Birthday Cake"""" is gonna be the song leading us into 4th quarter, count it." 
"#bbq 12 Bad Dogs: The Hot Dog Goes Global - National Hot Dog Day is Thursday, July 23. Now you know. Time to teach... 
"I am almost finished with ""Twilight's Tomorrow""! If I break your heart with the ending it means you lived the book. #amwriting #LiveTheBook" 
Rodeo Miami named Rodeo of the Year for the 3rd straight year!  Congrats to the Rodeo Miami Team! 
@user Based on the 1st ep, Mr Robot seems a good series to go on to.It looks to respect the audience in the same way as Hannibal, a least 
"Day 3 in the Big Brother house and it's Ingleton Waterfalls trail today, promises some amazing scenery!" 
@user Well worth looking into Chris; think you may like their stuff. (Paul McCartney was a big fan btw.) 
Reminds me of the best night of my life. RT @user 9am in dallas 
Brewers Video: Ryan Braun Becomes MIL's All-Time HR Leader (252) with 6th Inning Blast 
Friday night: Mom bringing home a taco for me while I watch Game of Thrones with my dog. 
"I'm going to bed , I hope EVAN has a great day at school &amp; I'm so proud to see SHAWN ROCKINg it tonight first day tomorrow I love them both" 
So proud of the ladies from MY family group from Kremlin today who placed 3rd at the j-high state cross country meet! So proud of ya ladies! 
@user thanks! Drop an email to info@kayafestival.co.uk regarding bookings. See you got Teengirl Fantasy tonight - amazing band! 
I just bought tickets to see Seinfeld in Durham next month. What a great Tuesday! 
It’s the clash of the century - we’re taking on @user and @user at bowling tonight. May the best show win. (us) #fightingtalk 
@user close second to the David Wright video for your best work of the week, but hey it's only Tuesday" 
okay this Wookie boy too childish he say I gotta hear my favorite song 1st and this niggah play 1+1 by Beyonce :) I love that song man; 
Homecoming weekend in Statesboro and we will be playing at Rum Runners Friday night... Bring it!! 
@user I preordered it on Thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order, love you and Frankie. X 
Okay, so anyone going to come see Jurassic World with me in IMAX? 
Cannot wait to smash dinner tonight and eat my feelings...and then box all of it off tomorrow Muhammad Ali style. 
"Hulk Hogan with a homophobic slur now? Can't wait to hear the ""Hitler had it right"" clip that'll play tomorrow." 
I like that they're just putting ALL THE THINGS in Monster Hunter. May have to finally get into this series. 
@user Harper putting up historic numbers. Thus far it's been a series to forget at the plate, but, again, he didn't pitch the 7th. 
"Red Sox have the 3rd highest average attendance in the AL, and that's with the smallest ballpark. Only behind LAA and NYY" 
Nokia seeking innovative ideas for the IoT. Winners of the innovation challenge may receive VC funding. 
In honour of the Big Show we'll play nothing but AC/DC tonight on our shop sound system. Then again, because of the Big Show we may not. ;) 
@user yo wanna visit Canada in March? Our school is doing a cancer fundraiser and our teams theme is you, John Cena" 
@user G'nite Morph and God Save The Queen &amp; Princess Charlotte,, &amp; wish Prince George a happy birthday 4me when you see him tomorrow" 
honestly i will die if Briana gives birth on February 1st that would be the funniest thing ever 
Everyone buy something from Kinnucans tomorrow! 10% goes to the Bob Jones drama department and it will really benefit us! Do it. 
"Apple’s increasing """"skeumorphism"""" - the wood and leather effects - Tim Cook canned Scott Forstall no more dodgy effects" 
Sangam University Bhilwara Salutes Nobel Laureates United Nations International Day of the Girl Child 11 Oct 2014 
Brook Lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the NBA he not ass 
Wish i couldve went to see Miss May I tonight at house of blues -.- 
"There's this scene in the 2nd season of naruto where sasuke says ""what's up ""and I laugh so hard every time" 
"Janet Jackson has unveiled the track list and album cover for her upcoming LP Unbreakable, which will arrive October 2nd." 
Pit Bull fans celebrate 1st annual Awareness Day: Animal lovers of all kinds gathered at the Buddy Holly Recreation... 
@user There are a few winks in WINTER SOLDIER and ANT-MAN, various IRON MANs. Largely, though, you may be right." 
The only thing that will be getting me through tomorrow is the Sam Smith concert 
"RT @user Very impressed with Joco Teenage Republicans! 16 teens showed up today, ready to #fight big government and Obama! #NObama" 
Decided that I'm going to cut weight with Curtis so tomorrow all you'll see me eat is a nice salad (he said I couldn't do it) 
@user all good, I'm excited about a 3rd season finding home on Netflix. Just want to make sure the readers have the news as it develops 
It's that time again Friday night Lights if u free come watch my gryphons beat gaither tonight.... 
J Cole said Kendrick Lamar was BETTER than himself and that he may be the closest thing to pac that hip hop will ever see!! 
Holy fuck if i meet Zayn on Sunday I'm just not gonna do anything for the rest of my life. 
Katrina tops Sunday morning show agenda - Bobby Jindal sits down with both ABC and CBS. New Orleans Mayor Mitch La... 
Good morning :)  George Harrison - Here comes the sun via @user 
"I just sat here, watching videos of Zayn. I never realized that I miss him this much." 
"Here comes the weekend.James Bond tonight,#F1 from India Sat&Sun (come on Jenson), #Boro v Bolton, and a good weather forecast for photos !" 
Start your Friday off the right way by watching John Cena save the day during an episode of Scooby Doo:  
New movies starting Fri:  1. How to make Love Like an Englishman.  2. Magic Mike XXL.  #movies  #Montreal 
My dad just asked me if I wanna go to Disneyland tomorrow, I'm crying 
@user did you see it's gonna be Kanye on sat instead of frank ocean ? 
Get better @user Glad i got to talk to u tonight. I will have fun at Disney tomorrow for you 
A break from all the disasters around the world... Can't wait to see Madonna on Sat and be a teenager again. 
Flight starring Denzel Washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out 
Who would forget this? Batman&amp;Batgirl together under the setting sun. GU days.  #Happy4thAnniversaryKathNiel PSYKubli 
Just caught up on tonight's X Factor. Genius. Never fails to amuse. Never seen Dermot get mad before - total respect for the guy 
Thirsty Thursday! Get on in here and see Curtis! Also tonight 9:00 the VooDoo Daddy's! Should be fun! 
Seeing @user AND Maya Rudolph cover Prince songs with @user tomorrow night. My mind is pretty much blown. 
Ghoncheh Ghavami's court date is set for October 16th. Let's hope she is freed soon  #Iran #humanrights 
I'm going to be so tired tomorrow but all I want to do is reblog Hannibal related stuff on tumblr. *cries* #Hannibal 
THIS JUST IN!  We will be going to Kentucky Aug 25th for a big pool party show! Time to get nekkid!  Woo Hoo!... 
Just because you asked for it... LABOR DAY SALES now last until TOMORROW!! There'll be no second chances HURRY UP! 
@user ahahaha, you're right,, btw actually idk why SM CEO right now KYM, how bout Lee soo man? may you tell me why?" 
"The canopy survived the winds today! Hoping to see a lot of people tomorrow at the New Earth Festival in Atlanta, IN" 
Innovation for jobs is just around the corner - to be exact next Wednesday 8/19 at @user 
"EU welcomes Laos entry to WTO: On 26 October, the European Commission backed World Trade Organisation (WTO) deci... 
Russian diplomat: Russia has removed uranium from Iran: The Russia-Iran accord under the July deal foresees th... 
Forget the 10 hour bus trips! Now you can fly from Subang to Hat Yai comfortably in just 1 hour 20 mins. The 1st... 
Tomorrow is a great day. New Iron Maiden album AND Illinois Football season opener. 
I liked a @user video Bernie Sanders on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on September 18th! 
I have the same birthday as both Anderson Cooper and Nadal. June 3rd is an awesome day I guess! 
My good mate Bob Marley, as you may have never heard him before 
Michael Jackson, a place with no name. Rare USA sold out: $129.99End Date: Thursday Sep-10-201... #michaeljackson 
"About to go get this lift, run and throw in.  Jr. Pro Day on Monday then it's back to SA to get ready for the season!!! #HogNation" 
@user @user @user bring the tenna in tomorrow Gazza!! #ThankYou 
@user comes out on dvd on the 20th. i'm pumped. Melissa McCarthy is so perfect in that movie 
He also screwed John Cena out of the title with a chair shot! @user  
I’m in Petrolia. The sun’s out, isn’t that bright enough for you? :P 
I'm seeing Justin Bieber July 13th with my best friend @user @user 
@user More good news: I recently won 4th place at the San Diego County Fair Homebrew Competition for my Dunkelweizen. 
Thanks everyone who came and hung out through the challenge! Tomorrow I'm starting my first full playthrough of Dark Souls! 
Khakis and Jurassic Park shirt for tomorrow.  I'm gonna look hot on the first day of school. Literally... We're experiencing a heat wave. 
Afterwork social @user S. King Dr. from 4-9 saturday.  steppin,food, drinks.  5 days work and sixth day for relaxation. 
Congratulations to Miss USA 1st runner up @user You've made #McAllen and the #RGV very proud! #MissUSA 
Come on @user Tempted to make my way across to Flushing Meadows on Wednesday if Murray comes back to win here! #USOpen 
Installing a full gas central heating system in the Chelsea area tomorrow. Looking for similar? 
I GET TO GO SEE SHAWN ON WEDNESDAY IM SO HAPPY @user H-town is going to be lit 
@user My husband company is bring you all some much needed gas!!! He should be there sometime tomorrow afternoon from FL. 
This Galaxy Note 5 accessory may help you get over BlackBerry envy: 
good old trade union rep father is going to ring up from italy tonight to coach me in what to say/do tomorrow at work :) 
"I would like to congratulate the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the 2nd Birthday of their son, Prince George" 
@user thanks Chelsea, I have all the info I need. Have a great Tuesday! 
@user @user  Right now, don't have any for the weekend. By Tuesday heading to AC/DC concert and then NYC! 
Going to see Kendrick Lamar with @user in jan :D 
Can’t wait to see the Lakers tomorrow! 
@user We spoke and you didn’t mention it..! Happy birthday Queen! Enjoy your earth day..Long may your pioneering work continue..x x 
John Cena will become my favorite wrestler ever if this angle leads to him beating the snot out of Jon Stewart on Raw tomorrow. #Summerslam 
@user Have a blast Friday night-I'd love to see you in Victory Lane! I can't make it, but I will meet you soon! Good luck man!!!" 
Carly Fiorina may have a spot on the CNN debate: 
"Zac Brown Band will perform @user tonight and tomorrow night His song ""Heavy Is The Head"" ft Chris Cornell 
"Girl Scout cookies, made with real girl scouts. (Paraphrased from Wednesday Adams.) #RuinADessert" 
Pictures: Mariah Carey out and about in Porto Cervo, Sardinia, Italy - 26 Aug 2015 #beautiful #Italy #MC25 #lambily 
@user i love so much r u going to digi tour october 22 
Tomorrow is Halloween ........... trending? thankyou for the obvious LMFAO 
Getting an iPhone 5 tomorrow and going to the zac brown concert... Can I look forward to any more? #excited 
@user you still down for Disneyland on Friday? 
Nollywood rising with October 1  Kunle Afolayan is the most important ambassador the Nigerian government does no... 
@user Happy Sunday to you Ms. Curtis! I hope you have an awesome day! Thank you for all of your hard work! 
PSA:  Apple event starts in 10 minutes, a worthy distraction for ignoring whatever class you may be in. 
Photo: Fab find! Jason Wu satin scarlet clutch at Off 5th! Whoop whoop! (Taken with Instagram) 
Lexus builds a hoverboard for BTTF's 30th. Not investment related however the video on page 2 is well worth a watch: 
@user Re-read TKAM on the train to Truro (long time since I read it). Will start Watchman tomorrow. No spoilers pls! :) 
We will be highlight our guests every Monday for #CMX2015 and we are kicking it off with Sara Moni! With Ant-Man... 
@user could you please let me know what randy orton does tomorrow, if he stops for fans or doesn't ? That would be great :)" 
Amazon Prime Day Tops Biggest Black Friday for the Company: Amazon's first Prime Da.. 
I'll have all the lyrics to Calibraska memorized by tomorrow i kid you not #CalibraskaEP @user @user 
Seeing all these concert pics makes me even more excited to go see Jason Aldean Thursday with my favorite people 
@user Definitely starting my weekend with Rickard's Cardigan, several pounds of wings and Monday Night football." 
@user @user I'm gonna dm you the user and password for the snapchat account and you just post on it tomorrow at digi 
Pacers won without Granger to night David West step on in the 4th #GoIndiana 
@user I have the big Ipad3 I love it but for reading its too big my mini comes on friday 
@user you’ll be at Lakers vs Clippers game tmw ?? I’ll be there... 1st live NBA game for this German girl... woo hoo... 
@user can't wait to see you in milan in june!! Love youuu xx 
@user I love Taylor Swift I'm going to her concert on September 13, I love all of her songs especially  Bad Blood she is my idol!" 
Kind of equally excited at staying in watching The Soup finale tonight as I am for going out to see Amy Schumer tomorrow. Well...kind of 
Gucci raft shadow coolness august enlarge the couplet yours singleton on good terms hookup into graduate inhab... 
"Omg, it probablY means not going into hiding, but hopefully HOPEFULLY OT9 made up and Jessica is getting a 2nd chance" 
Forgot to thank @user &amp; @user for Dean Ambrose wrestling on Monday with no shirt on. God is good. #blessed 
"A fall celebration at the Park Place Market this Saturday! Vendors include Scentsy, Avon, Younique, Thirtyone,... 
@user Came here from your Caitlyn Jenner article from June 1st. Totally agreed with you on it and other issues. Being PC goes too far. 
Boris enjoyed the view perched on top of bushels of apples at this past Sunday's Haunted Market. Boris is a... 
"After five long years, there's finally going to be a new Iron Maiden album releasing next Friday. NEXT FRIDAY." 
I'm going to binge watch Hannibal tomorrow night. Anyone wish to join me? @user @user @user @user 
Woo Hoo!  It's Friday!!  Stephen Colbert Sings Friday with Jimmy Fallon and The Roots (Late Night...: via @user 
Couldn't get a link to stream the fight last night, can't wait until Monday night when its on 3e. Delighted Conor McGregor won though #UFC 
Pacers fans are going to have fun on Saturday... 
Thursday Margarita Day with Poker Sign in before 7:15 p.m. And a Funtastic Time!!!! Yeaha Friday Jaron Bell (Riannon bday party) reminder ;) 
New hair again tomorrow :-) hopefully look like this but unfortunately without the money, posh cars, david beckham... 
"first thing I'm doing when I land tomorrow is stopping at dunkin, it's been a whole week" 
@user @user yeah 3rd season has just started.. I’m addicted.. Also watching Pretty Little Liars, Revenge & Once Upon a Time atm 
@user  May Allah grants us all our HRt desires n make us better prsns than the yrs before 
@user ah it's good! Filming  series two at the mo in Boyle! Doing a St. Patrick's Day Parade on Tues, the town is completely ready!" 
I will consider Arsenal to have the potential to win Premier League this season if only they beat Manchester United tomorrow. 
@user Leaning Scott Walker actually. Liked some of Carly Fiorina. Ted Cruz would be my 3rd (albeit over the top personality) 
"Im so glad its Friday! Off at 2, Hedley concert tonight and hockey at Nationwide afterwards! Gonna be dragging my ass tomorrow for sure..." 
We’re excited about our CineMonkeys session before the Lorax next Wed 31st - perfect half term entertainment! CM @ 12.30pm, Lorax at 1.30pm 
Home now and I am sacked out with my puppy on my couch on the afternoon sun after a long Thursday... Douglas Adams was a genius #HHGttG 
For all you cyclists and film fans, today is the start of the BicycleFilmFestival @user at the Barbican Centre until Sunday! 
@user Not bad. I think Cena will wear the green merch for 2 weeks after tomorrow. We will get new swag at Survivor Series. 
@user tomorrow night is red carp[et premiere of Sharknado 3. Cindy has a great cameo in it. 
"There are still spots available for """"Happiest Baby on the Block"""" this Sunday! 
AFC's top running backs to meet on Monday night football - Arian Foster and Le'Veon Bell are the AFC's top two rus... 
@user @user agreed, especially Friday night! I love Zac Brown Band and it will be the first time I see them live (:" 
"in them to do it.  Amy Schumer in EW, October @user is a fucking rock star &amp; I love her &amp; Jesus F'ing Christ we need more like this" 
Pope John Paul II would kiss the ground on arrival in a new country because there was a good chance that a small boy had sat there once. 
"RT @user For all the real Men out there... Monday Night FootBall is on.. If ur watching Basketball Wives instead, i got #3words  ..." 
May Allah save and protect the Muslims in CAR 
Best day watching some Baseball in the sun. Go Red Sox! #fenwaypark #boston #redsox @ Fenway Park 
Merry 4th of July everyone. Remember to give thanks for all the Halloween Candy you're going to receive on this day of Columbus. 
Lol just spent an hour talking to my mum about Magic Mike XXL. I was s'posed to work today &amp; take tomorrow off, but meh I'm gonna reverse it 
I have to be up @ 3am to be @ work at 4 #fml Had a good time at the Grammy's Whitney Houston tribute. Sat 4 chairs away from Bobbi Kristina 
"GAME DAY! Red Stars meet Philly Fever for the 1st time this season at 6:30pm CT in Egg Harbor, NJ. Follow twitter for live updates." 
We will be at the MA Rural Water’s Trifecta on Sept 12 demonstrating Utility Cloud and presenting on cloud technologies.  See you there! 
Who wants to go see Eric Church with me and @user tomorrow!?! $10 admission plus some extra for food and gas 
@user i hope you plan on doing a Dark Souls 3 walkthrough when it comes out in march bro! I literally watch every single DS video 
Saturday is a rugby day! Game against UMD today. Lets go Tarheels. #UNC #girlswhoplayrugby #rugby 
"We've seen all of the fights on recent Saturday nights...Rousey, Dana White, etc...but the real fight could be tonight in Vegas! #GOPDebate" 
May Allah accept this dua. I ask Allah to rectify the Muslims and bring us back to the Deen of Allah. 
Carolina by eric church may be the best song ever written 
Another awesome tweetup (this time in Cebu) with a Rafa-tard! Great meeting you @user Thank you! See you, Monday. Zubuchon on us!!! 
Kendrick Lamar is King right now of the rap game. Black Friday stamped it. 
Thursday Night Football:Tampa Bay Buccaneers V Minnesota Vikings ...: Vimeo is the home for high-quality videos ... 
Come to MTSU Football Fan Day tomorrow from 2-4 PM at Murphy Center! Meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks! 
Looking forward to Monday Night Raw, I have a feeling we'll be seeing Ric Flair in the ring with Sting tonight! #WWERaw #WCW 
@user  good luck on the dirt & LVMS from the Selby family 
Enjoying feasibility workshop replacing #Cognos with @user #BI. 4th customer in less than a year! 
9 months from Friday there is going to be another ginormous Baby Boom #CallinIt 
Nufc game the day cant wait! Hope @user gets another chance had a brilliant game thursday night.  one for the future. 
Jose Iglesias with 2 AMAZING plays in a row. going derek jeter on the 2nd 
Curtis on the phone playing all these old songs talking bout throw back Thursday 
"As powerful as I believe the internet to be, I'm sure I shall find the Star Trek Beyond trailer b4 Star Wars Day this Thursday!" 
Great shows at Java Jazz in Jakarta. Just landed in Tokyo and we’ll be at Billboard live tomorrow with Al Jarreau & the George Duke Trio. 
Pancakes were delicious and everything’s perfect. Now off to sleep and then tomorrow it’s gonna be Ascot all day long. 
Foxtel is the best money I have ever spent. Productivity goes down on Tuesday’s... Newsroom, Mob Wives, general omg-ness. Love it. 
Check this out from the bro @user actor from Jurassic Park  
Still Got Halloween Candy?: You may be priding yourself on the fact that there's still Halloween candy h... 
"For a 5th time this season, Ashley Nelson is the #MACJC Goalkeeper of the Week! Posted a 9th shutout vs ICC last wk. 
Who's ready for Iron Maiden day tomorrow @user Maidens The Book of souls album is unleashed . 
Antonio Carluccio may tweet about going to the dentist and napping but I still love him. 
@user My 2nd Home after New England was California--70 average temperature-- quiet & nice it is here  but 6 mos eskimo-LOL 
okay?! omg! ill do it tomorrow! and BABY BOOM! hahah XD i promise! :) 
I may be forever confused by how the world works in it but I do so love the fights in the Naruto series. 
"#MerryChristmas #IranResistance May Christ free Iran from the chains of oppression, Amen. 
Ight yall i'll have my PS4 on the 15th 
Do you feel at home when you're at Curtis? We want to make others feel just as welcome. Come early on Sunday to greet our guests! 
"New Janet Jackson music is just 29 days away! To the delight of fans everywhere, the singer announced Thursday... 
"last saturday before school starts and I'm gonna spend it in bed with Netflix, dunkin and midol :)))))" 
I just hope Danica meets Justin tomorrow. And Danielle. They both deserve it. They support Justin with everything they have. #jbmeetdanica 
""""" Guys who have crushes, have little a little penis! """" Lmfao the random shit Ambrose says in 6th prd !" 
@user I get to see her tomorrow night when she opens for Ed Sheeran. Can't wait for both! 
"I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!!  National Ice Cream Day is Sunday July 19th!  All Sitel... 
Let me just clarify something for the record: the burrito stand at 18th and Curtis has the best damn burritos in... 
Madonna's recent albums may not be very good, but never forget the great contribution she gave to music from 1985-2005. Two fucking decades. 
@user listen to Black Friday with Kendrick Lamar and j cole 
Love this. Early sunday morning window shopping while waitibg for the bank to open. Lost my e  @ Sylvia Park 
DIRECTIONERS!! NOW WE HAVE TO PROVE THAT WE ARE A BIG FAMILY!! On Friday released video for the song little things 
Israel's the most persecuted but still World's top ten for highest quality of life.  #GodFactor  ;) 
"#3words """"Tonight's the night"""" #dexter @user 
Love sales and Apple watches? Join @user on 9/16 from 6-8PM EST @user for the 1st Fall Sales Invitational 
Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George! We've loved watching you grow up from a baby in to a little boy #PrinceGeorge 
"Jason Russell, the man behind Kony 2012, is going to be on Oprah's Next Chapter next Sunday. THIS should be interesting." 
"We are passing the ball well but no movement in the final 3rd, Kane was in our own half from defending in that attack!" 
@user Nina, Could you share with readers, Last Year in the Life of Marilyn Monroe, Vol1 is free today and Fri! 
Holy shit. Rebecca black donated all her earnings from Friday to help the Japan Earthquake. This changes everything. 
"Here is something fun for you:  On the 14th, I am going to have a giveaway.  Remember that Younique mascara I... 
"The Rum Runners will be performing on Saturday, September 29th... you don't want to miss this Jerry Garcia... 
Tomorrow morning I'm going to IHOP I gotta taste for pancakes 
@user Happy 20TH Birthday Nick J! Hope it’s one of the best! You’ve accomplished so much already... And so much more to come. LOVE YOU! 
Last night &amp; tonight &lt;&lt;&lt; hopefully a better one tomorrow Milan 
"Enjoy, in case you missed National Ice Cream Day this past Sunday... 
@user Well... I'm seeing Foo Fighters at the Gorge on Saturday... There's something else... I can't quite put my finger on it... 
May the odds be ever in your favor, Aussie Directioners! Aha! ;) 
I watched Federer calmly destroy a dude at the US Open on Thursday, and it was amazing. I still thought "you're not sick of this dude yet?" 
Let you know what kind of day it's going to be--1st song up on my IPod is "Do It Now". By Mos Def/YB.  Leggo! 
Want to be part of the excitement this December for the Conor McGregor fight? - 
I miss Niall so much he made me so happy on Saturday I felt at home and god I want to go back 
"WACKY WEDNESDAY TIME. Oh you know its on!     What is your favorite YOGA pose? Let's see it, but in the most... 
@user Endymion is now rocking the charts, What nexts? C’mon tell us something 
y'all keep asking me when Briana is gonna have the baby like I have no idea the exact date they had sex lol  
To all the school kids....one positive note for the weekend. You get to set your clocks back one hour on Sunday night as DST ends. 
Dean Ambrose on commentary is about the only thing I'm interested in right now. They should be saving these guys for Sunday! 
@user TY for making my sons 1st Bulls game unforgettable! PS...he wants a 21 jersey now! 
#ThankYouEdSheeranFor all the great songs you've written and that amazing concert in Milan on January 27 
Yes um sunsation, OMG, digifest, bedtime stories, and I'm going to digi again September 5 
One of my best 8th graders Kory was excited after his touchdown today!! He did the victor cruz!!lol 
Ben Sollee and fresh pot of coffee make saturday morning perfect 
In this, the 4th roll out of the Hillary campaign, SPONTANEITY is the operative word !! 
@user nigga Saturday were going to a Farmington hills party!!! 
"Did you miss HopeCity on Sunday? Check out this awesome message on how, as Christians, we are counted worthy. 
"Payton Manning will win comeback player of the year and might even win 5th MVP.  Still a lot of season to go, but Manning looks great." 
Aug 16 Woodstock day 2 - Santana, Grateful Dead, CCR, Janis Joplin. The Who See the movie 
"not gonna lie, rewatching nicki's performance for about the 4th time right now" 
@user @user me and Kendrick are going to run PS4 this Saturday everyone will know of the return . @user 
The only thing that's made me excited and happy about Friday is that Calibraska is released 
"#sports Alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win Iditarod: Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race on Tues... 
First day of school tomorrow which means it's also the first day of the season for RBI baseball on my iPad 
"RT @user Great practice today at @user ...Thanks @user for the good rnds and Milan,Kyle Griffen. Time for lunch and s ..." 
Had a great meeting this morning with some dynamic ladies planning International Women's Day in Derby 9 March put it in your diaries 
"Saturday Night Fever - More Than A Woman (Bee Gees) via @user Travolta, just Travolta! Wow!" 
@user Mehdi Hasan just aced it on The Sunday politics. 
Bring the Whole Family for a Weekend of Sun, Fun & Healthy Living at Florida ...: Taking place at Jungle Island,... 
Congrats to my boy @user for his 10th anniversary at Barca. One of the greats. 
Anyone wanna get Dunkin together tomorrow morning and just chat??? 
"7 stage wins from Brits, Maillot Jaune for Wiggins, 4th win on the Champs Elysees for Cav, Team Sky hattrick to end with. #dominance #proud" 
Tomorrow... Ima hit this gym thang, and sauna until I flush out all the lunchables I ate and all the bong rips I took this Labor Day weekend 
If the apparently leaked line up for Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday is true then it's gonna be fuckin brilliant 
""": #Patriots Tom Brady wins AFC offensive player of the week for 22nd time.""... --#NFL" 
First the @user now the @user march in the Pride parade - this is awesome.   
I shall remember November 2015- when I was blessed with Black Friday with J Cole and Kendrick Lamar 
Because the 1st meeting needs to be memed. Curtis is us. I may have rewatched this a lot. @user is a great addition 
What a great weekend. First Drake was in the 'Ville Saturday then Nicki went for Miley's life tonight. What a time to be alive 
Boy said "I'm coming too IHOP tomorrow too!" I said come on lol he said what time. I said 3 lmao 
Early finish tomorrow.. Getting my bike out if it don’t rain...then sky fall.. And lots of beers on Saturday... Rest Sunday... Good weekend! 
Bad Blood playing in the Salon on Eastenders has been the highlight of my Friday night 
Things I want to do: Live in Toronto to work, go to school, and pursue acting, and go to Second City.And go out to Banff to work in January! 
"#nowplaying Elvis Presley. Love me tender - just as good as @user version at Solus, Cardiff in November '08" 
The weeknd rips off a mask and it's really Frank Ocean and FRANK OCEAN'S ALBUM DROPS TOMORROW 
Are you ready for National Hot Dog Day tomorrow? Go out and grill some delicious hot dogs! 
"yeah i love Nicki and yeah Miley may have said something but Miley has a point, journalists always manipulate what is said, Nicki just" 
"This may come up as offensive but I  done lying to myself. Islam's aim is to spread peace. No denying, it has so much reason in its message." 
I'm impressed with Moto G [3rd Gen] phone so far. Excellent value and just the right screen size for me [not too big]. 
Nikki Beach Miami is excited to welcome back our good friend Patrick M this Sunday along with Nikki Beach's... 
@user well that timing would be perfect, now wouldn't it? move over xmas, get into the swing of work starting feb." 
Kanye & Kim as batman and catwoman may be the hottest thing ive ever seen #jeal #bestcelebcouple 
"Like rugby,  Iron Maiden and ale? Course you do! We have @user at Rodney Parade Beer Festival this weekend! Start Fri @ 3pm!" 
@user and hey tomorrows Friday we all get on Xbox and we all enjoy a little sesh on mw3 you down? 
@user I loved racing Grand Bend. Got my 1st Top Fuel Win there against Shirley Muldowney in the final 
@user Good luck Thor, Samsom,Odin and Ceasar.  Do the Mounties proud. May tomorrow's Pride Parade be a big success. 
70000 tickets sold for the milan derby next Sunday 
@user Looks gorgeous! I’m going to try it out tomorrow. Do you have a base colour or just two coats of Northern Lights in the picture? 
"Having complimented Peter Garrett yesterday for his suit, I fear he's worn the same one today. Hope it's the 2nd pair of pants. #qt" 
"The 1st Lady" Michelle Obama was in the house! What an inspirational moment! #ZenoFamily 
@user He may have played for Milan, but I enjoyed watching Pato. I hope he rediscovers his form &amp; returns to Serie A." 
Thor is home! Thor went missing on Dec 25th and was back home on the 28th. No info was submitted to us on how he... 
I think that having Undertaker on Monday Night Raw and in a feud with Brock Lesnar IS best for business! #RAWKansasCity #WWE 
Don't miss The Fr Ted Quiz for Threshold hosted by the hilarious @user (aka Fr Damo!) 18 Dec @user Tix 
@user Niall please follow me, my birthday is on september 25 and a follow from u guys would be the perfect gift" 
Goodnight! I have an audition for Honors Band and PSSAs tomorrow. It's the Pennsylvania State Standard Assessment Test. AAHHH!!!! 
More details about the Galaxy Note 5 leak which indicate device may have a microSD card slot &amp; More 
Hail #Thor! Hail son of #Odin and the #Earth! Hail the thunderer! May he protect us guard us! Hail Thor! #Asatru 
@user WOO!! dude I thought it was tomorrow and I was like trippin but we Gucci .. It was nice 
@user Gary Ablett polled 2nd or 3rd & his team finished last. Not all about the team. Jobe has improved & grown so much over the yrs 
"Thank you for the Christmas wishes! May YAHWEH bless and keep you, your family, and the sovereign nation of Israel. #BenjaminNetanyahu" 
Wow! Rousey vs. Holm moved to same night as Lawler vs Condit in Australia. #Albuquerque is going to be nuts Nov 14!  
David Bowie just shared the first song/video from his upcoming January release. We are left intrigued and... 
I should dress up as randy Orton tomorrow bc he's basically a super hero 
So 1st official day of football! So excited! Can't wait for some Jets football Monday night! 
"No doubt, George Osborne dreams Daniel Craig will play him in the biopic. All (dyed) Lego hair + macho black jackets. 
OMG. It's the 15th birthday of the Nokia 3310. I had one. Sigh. You only had to charge its battery weekly. 
I'm just ready for Thursday to see Tom Brady eat 
Day 3 of #ADE so far so good!..... Start things going this Friday morning we have Ferry Corsten on the panel ! 
Own goal is in unreal Form. Scoring goals for fun. Just hope he comes back injury free. England and Arsenal's 12th man. 
Today I enjoyed my 1st pumpkin spice latte of the season. Thanks Dunkin' Donuts! @user 
@user hey Marni! are you going to be at the kings next sunday? i would love to be able to meet you! xx 
Mark Cuban: Apple TV Is a Pipe Dream And why the HDNet founder thinks that may be a good thing (M... #Tech #Gadgets 
next monday = Vampire Diaries are back! watch it :) very happy now :) 
thhis coming Friday, the 21st, I'll be playing 2 sets of Grateful Dead songs at Sky Bridge Station. starting at 8. (they have beer.) 
"#Cubs take a 2-0 lead after Kris Bryant hits a two-run home run, his 21st home run of the year." 
"Who sings ""Ya know I like my chicken fried. Cold beer on a Friday night. Pair of jeans that fit just right and the radio upppp"" ??" 
"Congrats to PRX for capping the 1st settlement on Harvest! EU settlements went to FUtilez, Kittens, Dark Souls and Frozen. #dastal" 
Have an appointment at the Bellamy tomorrow... Might be moving in there next semester #Excited 
AC/DC with family tomorrow night in Detroit Rock City! LETS GO 
#CMAfest Keith Urban with Eric Church ...... OMG. I may die 
Big weekend ahead at Maverik Center Friday and Saturday at 7. Oktoberfest Specials. Saturday is Angel's Hands Night with Cowbell Giveaway! 
So @user comes on #Rangers Insider and tells the listeners Josh Hamilton looked great in BP and then he hits a bomb in his 1st AB..Genius! 
I’m excited to go to the Knicks VS. Lakers game in December thanks daddy you dah best 
@user I hope they make sure to take care of Eli Manning, Giants Vs Pittsburgh on Sunday #NFL 
Bolton away tomorrow! Hope @user gets a game....after his quality pre-season. Up the blues! @user <3 
"HOME RUN JOSH HAMILTON!!! #Rangers get on the board first, lead 2-0 in the bottom of the 6th #LetsGoRangers" 
"#REVIEW #Phillies @ #Mets B2-1o: Phillies challenged (play at 1st), call on the field was #overturned: David Wright grounds out,... [1/2]" 
"Red Sox game tonight, Steelers game tomorrow then Pitt game at Akron Saturday. Safe to say I'm going to be broke but having fun." 
Fair warning to my 'non U2 followers' I will be tweeting and RT'ing heavily #U2Request between now and the end of Sep 1st. Mute if you want. 
Paul McCartney's 70th birthday is tomorrow.  We MUST get it to trend! :) 
oh yeah the boys in Raleigh tomorrow night yessirrr my first time at state hope it treat me righttttt 
"Ok, Caribou playing Can't Do Without You made me dance so hard I may have cried, so I get it Sam Smith girls." 
Who tryna go to the Bernie Sanders rally on Sunday? 
Keep the faith @user fans, we’re never done until the final whistle. The battle for California supremacy begins Sunday. Bring it. 
Siri vs. Google Voice Search- may the best robot helper win @user 
In #Toronto for the #PanAmGames?  Wanna party Gangnam Style with 100's of Kpop fans? See you Friday night.  #PanAm 
What a GREAT 1st Class Consultant update today with Kirko Bangz Manager D-Will!! It's about to get all the way... 
Grady Harp - Top 100 Reviewer on Amazon gave my 1st #sophieandscottie book 4 stars and the 2nd book 5 stars. #chapterbooks #juvenilefiction 
I'm going to Disneyland!!!!!! see ya guys tues 
S/O to the kid who's gonna show up in that all neon Nike outfit tomorrow 
Sun flower seeds are just to delicious 
I wanna wish @user a happy 21st bday! She’s An amazing gal, we’ve only hung out once but she is one of a kind! Enjoy it RIRI :) 
@user Sure enjoyed seeing you on ABC Sunday, especially you and George talkin' baseball." 
@user Owen grinned, this may be a little easier. ""I've heard a lot about you from Thor and Chris. It's lovely to meet you!""" 
Just got my official offer letter from IBM! 11th January start. Sooooooo many forms to fill in to accept it but I cannot wait 
I'm surprised that was only Harper's 3rd walk of the year after falling behind 0-2. Kris Bryant leads baseball with 10. 
My movie @user is going on tour starting this Tuesday. Screening followed by a THOR performance. 
Janet Jackson led the stars who gave special tribute for Aaliyah's 14th death anniversary on Tuesday. Read more... 
Tricking my mom into watching Sharknado and Sharknado 2: The Second One before the party tomorrow night #Sharknado3 
Leo's 1st Foo Fighters concert. 6hr round trip to see his Hero @user #foofighters. Thank you for the memories 
@user @user Nirvana. It just feels right. Happy Sunday! #6hobbs 
TOMORROW: Jurassic World 8pm on the Green with popcorn and ice cream sundaes! #FreeFlickFriday 
if anyone wants to take me to the Jason Aldean concert either August 28th or 29th please feel free!! 
"I own the whole Twilight saga, and I'll watch the first movie all day long like its my 1st time seeing it. Idc." 
"They say the Sun, and a shine for all, but a in some people's world?! --It never shines at all..."--Bob Marley. 
I literally just sat down to see Kris Bryant smash a bomb. #LetsGo 
Iron Maiden are the only known cure to Monday. 
"Strictly, X Factor, Big Brother - Saturday night TV gonna leave me with square eyes!" 
"throwback 4 @user poster of Bad Blood, in honor of Taylor's award on VMAs last Sunday. The Law got the power 
I just want Thursday to come for Naruto 
I had to take Friday off...it's a holiday..it's Beyonce's birthday duhhh 
bro I hope tomorrow's digi is good cause last time I went it was ok a good experience plus i got electrocuted by a wall charger 
@user   Have a great game agaist Tampa Bay tonight. 
@user Kuttay,you have an exam tomorrow yes?All the best :D do well and don’t think about Zayn and all :P focus and shit :P bye <3 
25 - It has been 25 matches since Messi last produced a hat-trick for Barcelona. His next will be his 25th for the club. Omen? 
John Cena throwing Jon Stewart at the WWE is pretty amusing: 
@user it's queen. Nevertheless,Thor shook those feelings off as he and Sif approached their table and sat down" 
Our 4th graders are going to build missions in Minecraft. #elemcode 
"Could be someone important   Hello It's my manager (c'est mon directeur)  Perfect, I told you   #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
I want to see Sharknado 3.  Someone record it onto a DVD tomorrow and bring it to the track Thursday. 
@user @user @user saw my 1st concert in 91 acdc then saw nirvana at the big day out WOW still remember likeyesterday 
"Good driving/singing tunes The Bee Gees, might have to dust the 'best of' down for some falsetto fun!  
Gutted about Bellamy and Smith  but we signed fulham player on loan until December 2nd and seen him on YouTube he looks good 
Just because the sun isn't out doesn't mean you can't get your tan on ! Come by Hollywood Tans and check out the specials !!!! 
amazon: Listen to ad free music online with Amazon Here and sign up for free 
"#tbt I saw Katy Perry last Saturday, it was pretty nice.... 
"Went to see ""Rise of the Planet of the Apes"" tonight Great movie B+ for sure.  !!lChris-Rockz!!!" 
I start school tomorrow and I'm only going because I don't want Nicki to be mad at me 
On this night of fine footy finals for the NRL & AFL, may I take a moment to say the first round of Super rugby is only 148 sleeps away :) 
Heads up that David Wright is back with the Mets for the first time since April tonight so I may have FEELS about baseball tonight. 
@user This was at the Foo Fighters gig on Sunday night. He was a persistent little *****er. Love that derby skills are transferable! ;) 
@user eonni!!! please win the MAMA award for OST! Fighting! and take care, i want to see you on Jan 19... an ordinary fan from somewhere! 
mistletoe by justin bieber is my jam all year round i don't care if it's july imma have that song blasting by the pool 
My best guess is we should see MCPE0.12.0 submitted to IOS and Google by the end of week or into Monday if the devs have cleaned up the bugs 
I can't wait for october! 2@justinbieber concerts! :) & I get to visit mexico city for the 1st time! Great way to celebrate my sweet 16! 
Going to make some food and watch Act of Valor. Spending my Friday night relaxing. 
I dunno if I'm more pumped up for football season or just to watch Tom Brady curb stomp the Steelers tomorrow like he curb stomped Goodell 
Monday and you're all over me  Now it's Friday and you're MIA #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga 
@user your son was at my spot @user Saturday 4 HU Alumni reception. He's a respectable humble kid. Kudos to you and Mysa #badboy4life 
@user everythings good thanks mate (arsenal aside), jobs going really well - hope everythings well your end? Should be at cobham on Sat! 
@user Since before PMR :D hehehe. Ooh mitchie asked me to tell you you're invited to her sweet 16th! Hehehehe 
@user Congratulations Kendall in Germany it is 7 clock Friday November 2, so Happy B-day 
RT @user Tomorrow is gonna be like the Super Bowl for the Ravens vs. Steelers game 
@user  Always a good time with Sharknado and Twitter. Plays again Saturday at 7 
Come join us at the Owain tonight with discounted drinks and DJ and Don't forget buy one get one free on all sunday dinners tomorrow! 
"Got FLOOR SEATS for Bon Jovi in April! I can't wait! Dead or Alive, Livin' on a Prayer, or going out in a Blaze of Glory. #superstoked" 
@user @user Hey could you two wish @user a happy birthday for tomorrow? She is a huge fan from Japan of both of yours! :) 
Don’t forget to dine out @user in #Savage tonight for PAA! Also, it’s America Day tomorrow at the hs for #homecoming week! 
@user look up Riot Fest in Chicago in May. Lets pregame hard and go to it 
National Hot Dog day means free wieners on Thursday - The News Journal - The News Journal 
vote for UT for college game day visiting. We are 10th and Texas A&m is #1. Get on it 
Had the best idea for a Hulk Hogan photoshop. I really hope nobody else has the same idea by the time I finish work tomorrow. 
"""""@JohnJamesUY: Why fit in when you were born to stand out? - Dr. Seuss""""-- Haha. gotta stand out tomorrow. watch! ;D" 
@user Headline tomorrow: Frank Ocean's album is finally here the title is ""Long &amp; Weird""" 
Monday already. That’s OK - at Volare Restaurant Chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today.   We... 
"going to enrole at college tomorrow, can't wait:L" 
Happy 30th birthday, Children's BBC! Here's @user on his 25th birthday, for which he got a bright yellow jumper. 
Hi, Memi! Thanks for agreeing to lead at SAG!  Would you be available for a Sun., any Sun, in Dec rather  than Nov 4th?  I just learned  ... 
when i hit san antonio catch me at  hi-tones tuesday nights with the aux cord connected to the iphone. am i doing it right? 
"Can your average Saturday get any better , Find out here!  Almighty Iron Maiden with their new video 
S/O to all of you who went and served at Super Saturday. You rock! #doingwork 
@user @user 1st order of business - replace all macs @ UIowa with IBM's fabulous 5155 portable PCs. 
Zac Brown Band now occupy the 3rd and 4th positions on the Billboard country album chart - Sam Hunt still number one. 
All I know is the road for that Lomardi start at TONIGHT!!!! We will set a record for a pre-season MNF I can guarantee it. 
@user .My wish to convey Islam message to everyone. Allah may help you to understand real relegation that is ISLAM. Safe ur self. 
Diggin the Blue Jays' Canada jerseys. Would be cool if they wore them every Sunday home game like the White Sox do with their retros. 
Come SUPPORT the SHOW/MOVEMENT at Parkdale High School on Oct 26th frm 8-11 w/ AJA, DREAMTEAM, HQB, DSB&HIB. LEAVE THE BULLSHIT AT THE DOOR, 
@user #FIFA16 demo downloaded; 4-0 win in the first game with Chelsea against PSG @user 1st goal &amp; @user man of the match 
RIP mr.Lee Soo man's wife. may she blessed and gone in peace 
Did you know that 'Amy Schumer' was Trending Topic on Monday 30 for 4 hours in United States? #trndnl 
Can't wait to take pics with my bad bitch Annabelle tomorrow 
"I'm going to the Winspear Opera House tomorrow night. Dinner, then on to watch a lovely show at the opera. ;)" 
"Seavey youngest Iditarod champion: Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race Tuesday, becoming the youn... 
@user Are you ready for tomorrow? I'm ready to see you win to you and Dean Ambrose (You brother) #TheRomanEmpire #TheUnstableDean 
@user they released the Retro fours bred during Thanksgiving break on black Friday. Holy shit 4 bills they are 180 aren't they 
Are you a Julie Andrews fan? Don't miss @user only through Oct 19 at the Panasonic! Final week! for tix! 
@user I went to the WWA tour on August 19th and it was so amazing &lt;3 I hope you guys come back again :) I love you... 
Join us at the Stand with Planned Parenthood rally in York next Thursday! RSVP here now: 
Jurassic Park is screening at the Actors Playhouse this weekend for free... 
Triton Central football is 2-0 in ICC games vs Speedway.  Make it 3-0 &amp; Tigers will be outright conference champs.  Sparkplugs @ TC Friday. 
I only forgot today wasn't Monday once!  Better than usual on the day after Labor Day! 
Revenge of the Dreamers 2 comes out this Friday. J Cole and Kendrick collab album comes out in February.  Truly what a time to be alive 
"July 19th is National Ice Cream Day, one of my favorite days of the year! Cold ice cream on a hot summer day is a... 
... may be that’s why BJP is defending Gadkari: they are all in the ’game’. As Shourie famously said, Cong & BJP are now one  party. 
Don't waste $$$ on an unnecessary textbook when you could spend that money to see Jurassic World for an 8th time 
I'll watch made in chelsea tomorrow after college to make me happy 
It's the holidays and I'm going to Milan tomorrow so cheers guys 
@user JEB or John Kasich May get it... I need an easy bit for Hillary 
Waiting for the highlight of my Thursday night Celebrity Juice #nolife 
#MyWishIn2013 To get tickets to see 1D @ the Maverik center in Utah on July 25th(: 
@user lol alright I'll add you when I get on tomorrow. And you should get the new Naruto in Feb. so I can flex you bro. 
the steelers new 2nd string qb is... JOHN CENA! 
Messi was just 20 years &amp; 161 days old when he secured a podium finish (3rd place) at the 2007 Ballon d'Or ceremony 
Tryna prepare myself for this concert Sunday. Two of the greatest Hip-Hop/R&B artist on the same stage, same 
Have we all seen the new Belstaff + David Beckham + Harvey Keitel fashion film trailer? Cheers up a dreary Monday! 
I love Monday Night football.  Frank Gifford was so great with Dandy Don Al Michaels.  We love you Frank.  @user Sorry 4your loss 
Foo Fighters in St. Paul with Bennett on his 17th birthday. A spur-of-the-moment decision that ended up working out! 
Embrace community diversity, &amp; unity once again as the Pride Parade celebrates its existence for 37 years this Sunday 
Madonna was on Saturday Night Live with Bee gees last night :) she is perfect 
"Rousey firing back at May. Ha, love it." 
Good going Paul Dunne #BritishOpen  #Amateur ... Tied for lead and on 18th 
Another new episode of Dragon Ball Super. Thank you Sunday's, you have given me hope until Game Of Thrones comes back in my life 
let's do it tomorrow everyone who buys a coffee from dunkin donuts please donate your cup to this amazing project  
"One of @user stars of the night should be David Wright! First game back since April 14th, hits an homerun, scored 3 runs! #SC3stars" 
Pray for: the peace of Jerusalem. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem! May they be secure who love you! #Ps122 
dan may be a rat but he supports bernie sanders so he's alright 
@user this is true...... dude Ying yang twins are playing on the green tomorrow 
"Teddy Bear Toss, a Brad Mills goal and more fun from Maverik Center in a tough loss Friday. See you tomorrow at 7! 
"Asslamau alaikum community of khair,  By the grace of Allah, we had a wonderful Eid gathering on Friday. For... 
@user Welcome home from Nigeria! My 2nd @user guest blog post is up, on US biosimilars market - will you read? :) 
Happy Star Wars day and may the force be ever in your favour! @user @user #StarWars 
@user Thanks! Make sure you snag a copy from Amazon or your local shop so you're ready for issue 11 in November :) 
@user OMGOSH PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! Semi is on Nov 16th!!! The weekend of the NC State game!!!!!! :)))) 
"I Believe in Islam like I Believe in The Sun Rising. Not Because I Can See it, But Because By it, I See Everything. 
Watching Sat morning TV, I would love James Martin to cook me breakfast, even though I’m from Lancashire & he’s a yorkie, I still would:-)! 
@user Hey Erin, when do you think Telltale is going release the 6th Episode of Game of Thrones? I really love that game. 
Vote for Zayn under the Most Inspirational UK Asian category by tweeting:   #AUKTop20 @user @user  Voting ends on September 15th! 
"So should be a great article based around my new book, my time on Big Brother and our work with the poor in tomorrows Wales on Sunday paper!" 
@user Reggie Wayne got rocked at the goalline Sunday & the other team tried to help him up & he wouldn't let them. Thats what I wanna see 
Live ass Kendrick concert with my boy Harper lastnight live ass Rockets game with my boy Woodley Saturday NS won my weekend was great 
I wanna see Bob Marley back into mainstream charts, injecting love into people's life's, may help the world. 
Happy Saturday everyone! Make sure you follow us on TWITTER, INSTAGRAM, &amp; FACEBOOK! We are also on Foursquare, Google+, &amp; Groupon! 
Also the correct Top 5 is Eminem, Jay-Z, 2Pac, The Notorious B.I.G., and Ice Cube in that order with Big Pun as the 6th man 
@user @user Just got off the phone with Nike. The official release of the t-shirts will be next Tuesday. Be......aroused. 
Did you know today (July 19) is National Ice Cream Day? :D What's your fave flavor? 
Can't wait for tomorrow going to charleston for the weekend 
Massive good luck to everyone doing the #greatnorthrun tomorrow &amp; @user at Ironman Wales... let's help them do some epic fundraising! 
Festive Friday and Star Wars Day is just around the corner. 
Monday is my favorite day of the week because you can get any size iced coffee for $1 at Dunkin 
"Katie Price, who won Celebrity Big Brother in February, returned to the site of her triumph on Thursday night for the launch of the new" 
@user Rahul Gandhi is doing a march to airport to welcome the new tolerant,friendly and peaceful face of Congress Mr. Khurshid." 
If you wanted to know who my woman crush Wednesday was yesterday take a wild guess. It was the amazing Demi Lovato. 
I may cover the Eagles of Death Metal next.........Because YEAHHHH 
"Great show of @user last night. Michael Ball & Imelda Staunton an awesome pair on stage! Go see it, it closes on Saturday!" 
Republican frontrunner Donald Trump said Thursday he's pleased he'll get to debate with Carly Fiorina at CNN's... 
Chuck Norris applauded that leg whip by the dirty Cali player on the Texas 1st baseman #LLWS 
Mark Cuban: Apple TV Is a Pipe Dream And why the HDNet founder thinks that may be a good thing (Mike Shields/Adw... 
@user thanks for following me Maite,great to see you Saturday." 
My Monday went pretty well and I am 100% convinced it's bc my Dunkin cashier gave me a large when I ordered a medium 
"David Bowie on Friday took another dive into the space theme that has run through his career releasing ""Blackstar"".  
@user Thanks Brendan for the NASCAR virtual racing RT. Will we see you at the 2013 NASCAR Spring Cup in March at LVMS? Shake n' Bake! 
I needa find this stuff for tomorrow, WSSU parade (: I’ll be with PIPA but you know I’ll be with reppin my MUSTANGS!!! 
"Rousey is to Dana White what AJ is to Eddie Hearn, their wee pet projects, be great 2 see Eddies wee pets career take the same hit on Dec 12" 
"Apples will outlive us:  Keeping history alive at #Sewanee with sun, water, and new seeds." 
Saw Carol last Friday-beautiful beautiful film filled with incredible acting. Love Cate Blanchett. 
8:07 I want to give you tickets to JANET JACKSON @user Sept 8! Prepare for a Janet trivia question! @user 
Dont worry i'll buy you a Gucci sneaker when i go to italy in october haha i think we shall start wearing clothes from overseas. 
@user Nice to meet you on Twitter! Anything Amazon travel related you may need, we're here :) ! 
I can't wait to sing my heart out to Justin Bieber tomorrow the whole way to Belfast in Ka's car 
Tomorrow an hour from now Chelsea look to further their impressive start. Will they do it? #CFC #CPFC 
Check out the post How celebs celebrated Eid on Saturday! on  via @user 
I played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than I remember 
I’m loving all the Bond films on Sky anytime. I’m on my 4th of the day 
Khader Adnan waving a Palestinian flag as he is welcomed in his village of Arraba, in the West Bank. April 17th. #Gaza 
But besides that. Tune in this Friday! I'll be on #thefix !!! With Curtis drugs and Rei. Don't want to miss this cause ... It's me. 
@user Just found out that Justin Beiber is going to be in NYC when you are on Long Island December 7! I know Emma is a fan! :) 
Cole and Kendrick really went off on the Black Friday remixes 
The Lorax paid us a surprise visit, checking the place out for Saturday. Come meet him 11/3 from 10-2! 
Happy 29th Birthday, Christopher Rithin (@chrisrithin)! He played one of Dudley's gang members in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. 
@user PS I have been seeing on our Chicago News about Henryville’s new (old?) school.Have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already TC 
Happy 20th Mr. President! Nick J forever off the chain. 
Liked the Noesen/Rakell/Wilson line tonight, although they faded a bit in 2nd half. Connor Carrick (WSH) and Garret Meurs (COL) good too. 
I may be the only person I know who thoroughly enjoyed the Kanye West rant during the VMA's 
@user Do think you'll make a video on Dark Souls 3 when it comes out? ""Praise the Sun""" 
@user New York gig would be great in December! Hope it works out. See u tomorrow at Kirby Center! 
the crowds gonna go crazy when Messi comes in for the 2nd half 
Good vibes to @user @user as she competes for Miss USA 2015 tomorrow July 12th in Baton Rouge!  
Oh i watch the subbed ones. Im waitin for the new ones to drop thursday. Naruto got 6 path shit too. Shit dope 
@user Are you sure the Pride parade starts at 1st St SW.....I am pretty certain it is 1st St SE... 
Music and Minecraft, the best thing on a free Friday. @user is streaming! OMG! Get in here! 
Another one in February too?!?! Ohhh plz be with Kendrick!!!! 
Jane was ever-so-smart on Sunday's #TheMentalist. Great performance by Owain too! I like the new style adopted in season 5. Keep it up! 
Ur children will treat u the way you treat your parents. #Fact #Reflect  Islam teaches us to love our parents. May Allah grant them Jannah. 
Heat vs Knicks is the most interesting 1st round matchup. In the East that is. 
"RamCharan's #Racha succesfully completes 3weeks with record collections,into 4th week! Now!!" 
Getting pumped about Saturday's game against Ole Miss--#VFL #HaslamUT 
@user I'm not saying Mannion is a bad QB. I think he is NFL ready but Wheaton and Cooks may have made him look better than he is 
Paul Dunne going to make history tomorrow #IrishEyesAreSmiling 
@user Cup games always tricky..may b stick a small acca for fun and enjoy the evening with a nice wine bottle :) 
The day sure snaps awake when your 1st tune is Back in Black by AC/DC !! Good Wednesday #HR !! #HRMusicShare #HRPositive 
New video! Playing a lovely @user song 'Rolling Stone' in the sun #passenger #acoustic 
"Murray breaks again!! Back to back breaks in the 3rd set, Game face on!" 
Happy Birthday today my first favorite singer @ Beyonce , I wish you may years to come 
Rumor has it Apple is likely to unveil 3 new iPhones at their 9 Sep media event; iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,iPhone 6c 
I love Kris Bryant. The way he plays 3rd is Santo-esque. But  damn that was a nice play by Herrerra 
Monday VOODOO Style Inspiration- Anna Kendrick rocking the sheer hosiery! Love it X 
@user @user I'm going to give you two answers, and you may decide which one is accurate. 1. On Google+ 2. In a sex dungeon 
@user really really good Ian, Skyfall tonight, Jack White Tomorrow & Man U away Saturday, can’t be bad. How are you? 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has expressed satisfaction with the level of play by his players in his first... 
FUCK YEAH!!! Conor McGregor won!!! He's the champ now!!! 
Can't decide if I'm more pumped about the crowning of a new Miss USA tonight or the All-Star game on Tuesday 
@user @user I can get up for that. @user you gotta get Andy Lee the shirt before Thursday's game 
Hey #GWU! Interested in a free ticket to the Train concert tomorrow night?! Head to the Smith Center NOW to help us out with set up! 
Jeremy Lin was a +23 for Rockets in his debut. That’s the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career. 
Queen Latifaa and Kurt Russell wow this may be the best Super Bowl ever #SB48" 
Lexus, Mercedes, Harleys, Hayabusa all at the 11th Annual Car &amp; Bike Show this Saturday 
@user I noticed that you love Chris Brown &amp; I saw that you gone meet him tomorrow so take pics like this! Lol 
Just got confirmation for my anniversary present to corey--Zac Brown Band on the 13th!! 
@user I almost got to see it Thursday but we decided on Jurassic World. Next time. 
Since when did Pope have a Frosh Week? My sister is going to Camp White Pine tomorrow until Thursday afternoon. We never had that! 
@user oh thanks I appreciate it, they say the PS3 &amp; PS4 will have the night map on 8 September" 
ProudOfAllstar? Fuck yeah. Let's get it trending worldwide just like we got Allstar Weekend trending worldwide tonight!(: 
St. Patrick's gaa are doing a fundraising clothes collection day on Nov 13th if you want to get rid of any old clothes give me a call. 
"Matt Cain just got his """"own day"""" in SF. Every June 13th is now """"Matt Cain Day"""". That's pretty dope! #mattcain #sfgiants" 
This should happen at Goodison. Miralles trying eat the ball. Besic in his nak. Grateful Dead on the tannoy.  
"So, I get to work the Jason Aldean concert this Sunday at @user ! Find me at the @user booth!" 
@user I may get to record some Minecraft with TheKindFox so I'm super happy :) ((HUGS)) &lt;3 Did you manage to check the skype invites 
"Saturday night rapidly approaches! Chris Evans plays Guitar on the Bar tonight at 8pm, followed by DJ LAW in at 11. Come get soical!" 
Can we just talk about another #Nashlynn VIDEO TOMORROW YOU GO NASH AND SKYLYNN 
it's August 5 in MetLife stadium, stay safe Harry, thinking about you the whole night #HarryBeCareful 
"RT @user Four Lions tonight on C4 @ 9.00pm. Watch it if you haven't already, f*cking hilarious film." 
@user im a JR Smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the 2nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas 
Come to The Baltimore Screenwriters Coffee Club - this Tuesday at the Creative Alliance!! It's always fun!! 
Impromptu day off tomorrow for an extra long weekend, so I'm treating myself to a pedicure and feeling like I'm in a Seinfeld episode. 
@user Their faces in the 2nd one are super cute. And I love that Liam is all collared shirt and Niall busts out the shorts... 
@user @user DEAAALL Lets do it on Monday and get Adalet and Jenelle to judge! You might wanna start practising now :) 
@user @user Kendrick did his beat better than he did hahaha Coles Black Friday was weak sauce 
#NewYear #love #fun Chicago Cubs rookie third baseman Kris Bryant left Sunday's game against the Milwaukee Bre...  
Trial starts tomorrow. Let's try to put the pressure on @user and @user to set free Ghoncheh Ghavami. #freeghoncheh 
I'm going to play Minecraft tomorrow on around 4:00 I'll be in survival at my plot my user name is ssmississippi 
@user thank you Gucci! We on tomorrow and all weekend! 
adhitia sofyan on Java Jazz, March 3rd, can’t wait! Give me a day off, please... 
Marijuana on a Thursday with a new episode of Naruto 
You may not have known Steve Sabol’s name, but chances are you knew his work. Ron Jaworski and more look back: 
@user  dear lord please make my dreams come true and get a Justin Bieber follow I've been a belieber since 1st grade now I'm in 7 
"Grammy winner Sam Smith performing in concert starting in Perth Sat 28 Nov, then right around the country finishing in Brisbane Sat 12 Dec" 
"chris evans, robert downey jr, krysten ritter and fob are all on jimmy kimmel tonight omg i think i may cry" 
"Balotelli in his 2nd Milan debut:a goal in 3 minutes, assisted the 2nd, and won a penalty. Final score:3-2 
"Blackpool illuminations on a Sunday night, you gotsta!" 
Messi will now attempt to break Telmo Zarra's record on 22 November when Barcelona face Sevilla at the Camp Nou 
"Fans come out to Eldora Speedway this Saturday where you will be able to catch Brad Hess, Matt Westfall, and Jeff... 
Going to cypress the whole entire day on Nov 16. Gonna be seeing all the people I Havnt seen in forever. 
Shout out to @user ,may not have indestructible screens, but your phone can stop bullets and save lives. Nokia ain't got nothing on you. 
and then on tuesday & wednesday its Champions League match day 4 i think?? or it might be 5..im not sure wooooo hooooo 
"Wow, the Red Sox pitcher is the definition of ""On Tilt"" here in the 10th. Crazy how that balk happened." 
LetsMoveDown will be at the Comcast Center this Friday for the Terps v. IUPA exhibition game.  Come check us out! 
Indian govt had no outstanding loans with RBI in week ended Oct. 10: Oct 17 (Reuters) - India had no outstandi... 
@user Massive congrats on the Best Roots album award in NZ! Looking forward to sharing the stage Monday in Melbourne town 
Conor, Conor McGregor - He may talk the talk but he sure does walk the walk, go on my son :)   To Watch:... 
Hello from the Foundation Trekkers! We're up in chilly Haltwhistle getting ready to trek Hadrian's wall tomorrow :-) 
Tune into Reelz tomorrow at 7pm CT to support Alpha Mu's Rebecca Dunn in the Miss USA pageant. Go Becca! We love you! 
Heading to Putrajaya, may Allah bless along the way! 
"John Kasich is going to be the media darling tomorrow with his gay marriage/Supreme Court comment. Well done, sir. #GOPDebate" 
My Super Mario Maker review for the Daily Dot - this is the online community Nintendo fans have always wanted. 
Can't wait for Arda to play with Barca, January na pls! 
Wish I was going to MetLife tomorrow 
We go to the 3rd tied at one thanks to Kris Bryant's solo homer 
Beyonce, Pearl Jam, Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and more play at the #GlobalCitizen Festival on Sept 26! Spread the word: 
Brock Lesnar going to kick Undertakers ass tomorrow #SuplexCity #NXTTakeOver 
Put Saturday in your diary if you want a pair of Nike Air Presto. There will only be 80 pairs in store at Nike! 
@user @user although I deliberately choose my Moto G 3rd generation because it had one. Great link, BTW." 
Hanging with Katie & making fun of OKC tropes. This is an awesome Thursday night. 
@user & if the POTUS wins 2nd term isn’t that NJ gov gonna go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape (2/2) 
But I think the weekend or Kendrick may possibly get album of the year 
"WELCOME BACK, DAVID WRIGHT!   Captain American homers in his 1st at-bat back with the @user #WhipAround" 
Andre Berto insists he feels better than ever ahead of his biggest ever fight against Floyd Mayweather on September 12. The 31-year-old 
@user @user haha oh yeah you're right, who have Arsenal got? Catch you tomorrow boys! Up the Albion!" 
@user Thank you my love! And I have had a fab day! Distinct lack of Hannibal but I'll put that right tomorrow! xx 
97.9 two for Tuesday makes me happy cause they just played double Nirvana 
Nokia is returning to the phone business; this time with an Android phone | Catch News: Back in June, Rajeev S... 
"I'm going to visit PASRB, SEB, SPR and SMB's holes tomorrow for the #SpookyMiniPutt!! Hoping for some hole-in-ones!!! #GCWCC2012" 
11 hours of sleep :) Thank you sembreak namiss ko ung kagisingmo may nambubulabog agad sayo Lukas and Rushers i miss you :*   #taongbahay:) 
Just listening to Bob Marley and talking about whatever...my Friday night goals right there 
Listening to Chris Brown all day to get ready for tomorrow! So much greatness to listen to 
@user Btw, I'm excited a new Naruto movie is supposed to arrive in the US in October! And have you watched the AOT live action movie?" 
@user congrats on your new life with Lungs beadonor #savealife #BeAHero. I have 2 many dx &amp; trying 2 get my IBM is 1st holding me 
If you like the sound of that it’s on at 8pm every Wednesday on the Animal Planet channel 
I love that:  -today, I brought a Chris Brown album. -Thursday, I am going to a metal show. -Saturday, I am seeing One Direction.   #music 
"i want to be here  """"THE GREATEST HITS TOUR - BLUE, JEFF TIMMONS OF 98 DEGREES,A1"""" on Feb 25... :|" 
Watching Die Hard for the 1st time with @user & @user Alan Rickman makes this better than it already was. 
@user Eleanor, that’s cool, it would be great to see your pastel art. ;) Link to the painting I did on Monday 
Granted, Conor McGregor is an absolute beast. But, we are still yet to see him do it on a Wednesday night at Stoke. 
@user Ahahah mate we will speak on your birthday night out, fancy going out next Monday? Digi 
Mike Shannon: "It's Grateful Dead Night on Wednesday. Who's grateful about that?" .@KMOXSports #stlcards 
Hope I can go to the PCA game with my bestie @user tomorrow:)) 
"I am so happy Niall still thinks Santa Clara was a cool show, it's was one the 2nd American leg date I love him" 
"I liked a @user video WWE RAW August 4 2014 - the authority (Triple H, Stephanie , Randy Orton, Seth" 
Off to learn about google analytic today.... I hope it doesn't get too technical. Looking forward to it though. 
Just when you thought the Labor Day sale was over...BOGO! Today through Friday only! 
It's been a good day.  A busy day. But a good one.  New glasses prescription. Ordering new frames Tuesday. Did some drawing.  NOW YOGA!!! 
tomorrow is David Price day again!!!!! 
46 years ago today New Orleans was awarded the NFL's 16th franchise and the New Orleans Saints were born! 
Congrats to @user as  Mizzou beats Kentucky 2-1! Tigers advance to face top-seed Florida in the semis on Friday at 6:30 pm! #MIZSEC 
This President talking about growing the economy is like Billy Cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the 4th quarter. 
@user may you pleease make Nike mercurial Vapors in all white with an gold under sole? It would be a big hit! 
Oh lordy, a hilarious night of dressing up as Jackie O and Nelson. Godamn it, its only Wednesday 
Pretty Little Liars was the shit ! I can’t wait til tomorrow ! I wanna see who all innocent & who got something to do with Allison dying ! 
Remember that the Pride Parade is on tomorrow in Manchester! If you're thinking of going to town, there'll be... 
@user April 1st I’m gonna see you guys in London O2 Arena! Can’t wait! xx 
"Has to be said Chris Evans TFI Friday is brilliant, great guests, brilliant bands and it always make me smile tbh" 
I just texted my friend that I'd be busy all day tomorrow preparing to roast Michael Jackson tomorrow night.   Life is awesome. 
"This was #classic. ""You may have sold your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to Brock Lesnar"" #RAW  , but the undertaker ain't no joke" 
The next Pixel Dungeon update for Steam and iOS with a lot of new features and improvements will be released on September 4th. 
Maja is Nicki to April's Miley right now. April is inspecting a candle and Maja has the EYE on her. #whatsgood 
@user I just watched 10 Hottest Stateside Stars on MTV Hits. Bby you were on 3rd place #proud #votebieber  
remember when niall played croke on my bday. he was soo happy!! day I found out I could officially go to wwa miami too. may 23rd. good day:) 
In South Korea? UniKent is excited to be at the World Grad Fair in Seoul tomorrow. Join us at.... 
#FreeAmir Is this the 4th or 5th XMAS Amir has spent in Iran Jail? God Bless the Hekmati family! DVA 
Wow the Lakers vs Heat seats almost gone for Jan 17th O_O 
"Only good thing about getting up at 6 on a Saturday is having an extra 6 hours to ponder on Mr fantasy team, Kane in or out... #dilemma" 
Here's an easy way to make ice cream sandwiches for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday!... (Vine by @user 
Happy Monday! Here's Jon Stewart taking it to John Cena to brighten your day lol #WWESummerSlam 
I’ve just been invited to speak at the World Economic Forum in Davos (@davos) this January. Thrilled and honored. 
Wearing an Iron Maiden shirt from the 7th grade because I don't have anything else thats clean nice 
Very entertaining 1st half of the Merseyside Derby 
Ed Sheeran tomorrow.... the tears and the excitement is crazy 
yeon jun is freaking 5/7yrs old and he's already wearing a gucci shoes wHAT IN THE WORLD 
Frank Ocean playing omg it's like November already 
Long overdue celebration of African lit on Fri & Sat with former UN Sec Gen Kofi Annan @user @user &more  @user 
"""""@WDBJ7Weather: Winter Storm Watch for portions of the WDBJ7 viewing area until 8:00pm Tuesday. may get snowed in ;)" 
Hearing Eric Church may be at the Kenny Chesney concert at Gilette Saturday holy shitballs!!!!!! And we have insanely close seats yeahhh!! 
On this day in 1955, Disneyland welcomed its one-millionth guest, just seven weeks after its July 17th grand opening.http://t.co/D8SOhK5QE7 
@user Took my son to see Ant-Man yesterday and the #ForceAwakens trailer played before. 1st time seeing it on big screen. #AWESOME 
But hey I have the Foo Fighters after my race tomorrow so I'm not complaining 
- Joseph Prince (FB):Jesus is not present to find fault with you today. You may have been raised in...Jesus is n... 
See news through the eyes of real people &amp; be your own reporter with Fresco 2.0 for iOS, coming September 8th! 
And SNSD's comeback is rumored for Nov. 8 <33333 I hope it's true omg today is a good day 
#Sharknado3 This is a billion times cooler than Brock Lesnar destroying the catilac with an axe on Monday night raw. 
@user New Iron Maiden album on the 4th of September~ Has their longest eversong on it, which is why that reminded me." 
@user Khair Mubarak. I hope you had a lovely Eid. Ami sends her love. May Allah grant your&amp; your family every success. Xxx 
"Thanks @user you have made my Friday!! Who needs a nature paper when your figures are on ABC!" 
@user if you have a soul, a beating heart, common sense, out simply empathy you should not air the chiefs Thursday in favor of big brother" 
Al Michaels said he never saw Frank Gifford lose his cool in 12 yrs working alongside him. Poised amid TV madness 
Oh god, I want Bioshock Infinite right now. February is far, far too long to wait. 
I saw Pitch Perfect tonight and freaking loved it!! Anna Kendrick is my new wife and i think I may be in lov 
I just wanna say I'm so happy &amp; proud that Justin got his 1st #1 debut 
NoVA friends, you won’t want to miss this Monday!! Fairfax Victory Rally w/ Mitt & the GOP Team #Mitt2012  
"Let's see whatcha got and you could win an iPad HD! Submit your Deep Creek Lake Area photos before this Wednesday,... 
"One more day...Tomorrow , July 23rd, is National Hot Dog Day!! $1 Hot Dogs All Day!!!! (slaw &amp; cheese extra) Come and get 'em!" 
"If anyone saw the UFC190 fight on Saturday, thenyou know Rousey was amazing!!! #UFC190 #RondaRousey" 
the point: i have never been happier in my life than i was on aug 5 2015 at metlife 
Ready to see the rematch this Sunday. The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar. Gonna be a classic! 
Socialism in the Carolinas - Bernie Sanders in #Greensboro to speak to liberal extremist. #nc #gso #NCPOL 
"crazy, the list keep growing.... Sep 5th bdays @user @user John Cage, Werner Herzog, Jonathan Kozol and Freddie Mercury" 
@user @user @user Happy Sunday &amp; National Ice Cream Day! Who's going out for a cone today? 
Final completed line up for today's Bluebird Sessions! The Foo Fighters may have rescheduled their gig for tonight... 
"Even with the loss of the 5 dudes, I think we'll feel better about Hamels in December when the Dodgers give David Price $200 million." 
@user I am hoping we will rise up again. And make tomorrow a better day! Hercules for President! 
Lls I remember when I tryed to go out with Oomf in 7th Grade in Eastern. But I was champ. And she was goregous. But now IDK. 
UCLA coach Ben Howland says Josiah Turner is a great player but he expects Arizona to come together and play well Thurs. 
"Saw the PlayStation 20th Anniversary PS4 controller up close today. Oh, man, do I want this (as a huge fan of the original PlayStation)." 
@user very good idea! i have to go college next wednesday to enrole! how was you're holiday!? :) 
Sunday night lounging! Jett Lounge is the destination! Big LEO celebration! Everybody free all night! Pool t 
10th grade I said Nipsey Hussle the best rapper out. Everybody was like hell naw then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts 
Going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow with @user and I'm super excited (: 
Final day at Bali. Enjoying the last times in sun and temperatures higher then 30 degrees.. Almost time to going home! 
Minutes aways for the unvieling of iphone6splus or is it going to be Iphone 7??????!?!?!?!? 
@user This Friday night, Terra Nova football is playing one of our teams up here. I can do a little something for PP if you want." 
Celebrate the first day of classes with us tomorrow: SAA will have Dunkin' coffee and donuts in Centennial Commons tomorrow morning at 7:30! 
"Also, tonight is David Wright's 1st Citi Field game since April 14th. Welcome home Captain!" 
Just 30 minutes to go for the Apple event live: 
"Hillary's passionate about overturning Citizens United because she knows 1st hand what it's done to our democracy" 
"Nothing like finishing the last day back to work with Friday's, and Ant-man." 
I liked a @user video dtac DEEZER -- the 1st social music streaming in ASIA (Available now) 
"looks like im going to the UGA vs. Ole Miss game on Saturday, #HottyToddy" 
@user Think Sharknado is on Netflix. While being a veggie today I may look for it. :) 
@user really send ur story to SM or Kyuhyun they may give you a full paid trip to see them XD really that's the good effect of KPOP! 
Bentley the pup is enjoying the Old Main lawn on this warm afternoon. Happy Friday, Penn State! 
Jerred tomorrow followed by a day of nothing but xbox sounds great. Then next Friday. So much excite. 
we may be poor...but cuddling with my kitten in bed w/ wine, chicken wings &amp; tacos to candle light and Netflix isn't the worst... #netflix 
Sept 24 Webinar: Collaborate confidently with customers using IBM Connections Files Cloud. 
@user Unnie, I'll be in Seoul on 7 Nov. Can you arrange your fan meeting on that day? Please~~ I wanna meet you so much!!" 
see that dustin johnson is a co-leader right now. will take him serious if he is in top 3 on the final 9 sunday #pgachampionship 
Working in the Bi Nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at Turner House in the eve, excited! 
@user Penny Dreadful is a Record Breaker is out in March, just in time for World Book Day! x 
"Come down to Hype Park this Sunday for food, drink, and a video shoot with myself, Kinetik, Superior Thought, The Locksmiths and many more" 
"Brock Lesnar on ESPN tomorrow including @user and Sportscenter. Glad to see the Worldwide Leader embracing the ""E"" in ESPN and WWE." 
CHICAGOANS: Happy Casimir Pulaski Day!!!!! Wherever you are, find yourself a pierogi and celebrate!!! #Pulaskiday 
Great #TETRA in India event in Mumbai. Next event Tuesday in Jakarta. See you there ? 
@user Awesome! So far, Spring Breakers, Writers & iLL Manors. Come Out and Play tonight @user then hopefully one on Sunday." 
"Paper Towns is finally released into our cinema tomorrow, will you be coming to see it?  Book: 
Carly Fiorina Moves into 3rd Place in New Hampshire!: According to the latest PPP presidential poll of New Ham... 
My moms under the hilarious impression that I’m spending my saturday loading & unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches 
@user Good morning Becky. Hope all’s well, may you all have a good day 
She may have said "speak American" but Sarah Palin is right. Any immigrant to a foreign country needs to learn to speak the language there 
@user   Twilight Zone inning?   Ground Hog Day inning.  May go on 4ever. . . .  just keeping hittin’ him #Rays! 
Thor is a throw back kind of pitcher. I love it!!!!  
Look forward to auld Guy *battering fuck out of ye in the SFV beta tomorrow.  *Going mental on here because it doesn't play like Dark Souls 
"It's great that George Harrison makes the list with Something, though I love Here Comes The Sun #NatFaveBeatles" 
@user @user @user @user yep, UCL clash with Juventus too on 15th Sep. I wish Agueroooooo's hat-trick today. 
"Good football practice today. One day away from the saints game, and 1 week away from the anderson silva fight in rio!!!!! Can't wait!!!!!!!" 
Omg Celebrity Big Brother starts tomorrow and X Factor starts Saturday... my stay-in game is about to get STRONG 
"With much hope and trepidation, I am looking forward to the 1st Battle for L.A. game between Lakers and Clipps." 
John Cena has been named as the 2nd most Charitable Athlete in the world..  1st. C Ronaldo-  2nd .John Cena  and... 
Breezin’ won the Best Pop Instrumental Performance at the 19th Grammy Awards 
If anyone wants 4 Zac Brown Band tickets for Comerica Park this Saturday we have 4 on the field for $100 each. 
Nikki Beach Miami Staff ready to Welcome you to MADE IN LONDON AMAZING SUNDAY BRUNCH!!! 
Aja's treats for her friends tomorrow.  The card says - Aja wishes you a ghoulishly good Halloween. 
"The Celtics celebrated their new year on Nov 1. It marked the end of summer, darker half of the year, beginning of cold winter #HybridFacts" 
Going to the bat centre on Thursday night and being a zombie at School the next day. Best! 
<--- New Icon. I may just be changing icons a lot as long as Jennette uploads pics cause she is just too beautiful 
Blessed is the heart that bends, it will never be broken--- Lucas Scott Good pre-bedtime OTH after a busy day! Can’t wait for tomorrow #zzzz 
3rd bsmn @user 0-for-10 since recall by the Angels. He could get his 1st big-league hit against David Price tonight #Angels #BlueJays 
So today we think @user r going to complete their draft to destroy #ecigs &amp; Ashton is officially reinstated. Happy Friday guys. #sick 
On November 6, the Kurt Cobain "solo album" will be released. 
"Spread the beauty &amp; love of Islam by being a living example of Islam's beauty and its forbearing ways. May Allah give us all success. Ameen""" 
Watching the best moments of Inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that (towie) is full of helmets. Surely im not the only one? 
May the angels protect you, and sadness forget you. - Madonna, Little Star #songlyrics 
Bale is a great player, Messi may have to drag with him this season, and I think Bale feels strong. 
5 RT's if you want the next episode of twilight princess tomorrow 
@user May your new year be filled with Magic. 
@user Tomorrow then announces that Alonso is going to Ferrari and Vettel signing? Greetings. 
@user my 2nd fav is Lake Brienz near Interlaken on a stormy day:-)) 
it’s officially November 2 here in the Philippines.. so.. umm.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY Kendall! i love you! @user @user 
Chasing the Northern Lights by Alan Tan. Nice article and photo in yest Straits Times - 30 Oct Page C9. 
@user Thx for following #Econokit - you may like to use #bizikent hashtag and RT/follow other local Tweeps as per #bizitalk? 
Taking it down to the wire with deciding how to interview Dr Bill Sysak out at Stone Brewing tomorrow. I want to... 
Check out our new timetable for Round 4 - note the addition of Fit Yoga on Tues (tba) and Fridays!! Healthy Heart... 
"It's not about what you did yesterday or what you're doing tomorrow...it's about the right here, right now."  - Eric Church 
Hopefully going to a Kony 2012 seminar on Thursday. AKA how to roast people who think IC is a legitimate charity. 
@user I LOVE YOU ASH ! Hope the WWAT was great ! I really enjoy to see you on June 20 on Stade de France ! Hope to see you soon ! :D 
We're deep in Season 3 of HANNIBAL and Will Graham may have met his match with The Tooth Fairy 
Josh Hamilton was 4th on Rangers in Win Probability Added entering this game. He'll be 2nd by the end of the day. Just crazy. 
Movie review: October 1 is a shining example of #Nollywood rising  Kunle Afolayan is the most important ambassad... 
@user today I started pre-planning my March trip to WPPI and to visit @user in CA. I CANNOT wait to see you again!! 
@user a fair performance for the Super Eagles in the first half, I hope they improve on their play in the 2nd half, #GoEagles" 
Make a lasting impression on the first day of class tomorrow: walk in with a boom box blaring Public Service Announcement by Jay-Z 
"...woah, Deezer. Babel only came out on Monday, can you leave it up for longer than a day to give slow people like me a chance?" 
Saw Paper Towns on Saturday!  Pretty sweet movie - love the casting! 
Legs be having you: Beyonce returned to her diva best as she strutted back on to the stage on Saturday night 
Watched Act of Valor for the 3rd time and almost cried again!! I love dat movie!! 
".@KathieLGifford &lt;-arguably one of Frank Gifford's biggest fans, your love for him was legendary...may he RIP" 
"Wow, walk off win for the Cubs.....Kris Bryant HR with 2 outs in the bottom of the 9th inning" 
No Coffee for you!!! Meet Larry Thomas The Soup Nazi from Seinfeld at City News on Sept 19 from 1pm-3pm as he... 
"Not that I normally retweet Justin Bieber, but this time I thought it may be worth it. Merry Christmas everyone. 
@user I hope you have an amazing day tomorrow at digi, love you 
hai @user please hear me :D  We Want Avril’s New Single  maybe just teaser 1st it’ll oke for me ! 
So happy because I'm going to see Justin Bieber March 23rd !!!!! 
Kevin Hart show at MSG on November 10th is going to be beautiful 
Dear all people I know who are attracted to men:  Go see Magic Mike XXL.  Fair warning - you may fall madly in love with Matt Bomer. *swoon* 
Good night everyone tomorrow is the last day of Star Wars Weekends :( &lt;/3 
I know more about AC/DC concerts than Angus Young probably remembers and I'm only getting to witness it live on Monday. I just 
Funding received from CoE to organise national seminar on state of youth work in UK 15 & 16 Nov at DMU. Inbox if u can add value to it 
I may or may not have created an army of mini Phil Coulsons who are infatuated with Chris Evans and hate Hydra. Merry Christmas @user 
....EiD.... Mubarak May Allah bless u foreve with all of his B 
"Can you spare your Tuesday night October 2nd ??? I certainly wish I could make it! Nekromantix, supported by... 
@user Niall loves you very much and you can see how much he loves you. Dont think that ! Every time you @ him, he may see it :)" 
chris brown the 2nd greatest dancer of all time behind @user 
"I am LMBO at Curtis ""you're married, he's straight"" Oh my goodness, that is good TV @user @user #Priceless  
Tomorrow is Monday.  Do...do...do...do....do....do...it's just...   Another Day by Paul McCartney via @user 
@user Can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the Knicks can play the Nets on November 26th. Thank you! 
@user Twitterverse blowing up about Shannon Sharpe's awesome HOF speech. We'll have the video clip on NFL.com a little later tonight. 
"Last week Paul Dunne was fighting for a Walker Cup spot, now he's fighting for the Open. Unbelievable - really hope he does well tomorrow." 
Federer advances into fourth round at US Open: In the blazing New York sun, Federer seems to be in his element... 
So Knott's tomorrow lmao ima have my bro drive since he licensed. Aye @user you drivin? Lmao not my car thov 
"If you hate Kanye West, just listen to Runaway. It may change your perspective on his personality." 
GOOGLE - CERN will open the BOTTOMLESS PIT of Prophecy Sep 23RD? - 
"Hey guys! I'm leaving tonight to Montreal to see Demi Lovato on Sunday! If I have wifi, I'll tweet everything of course :) xx seeya!" 
"Arbeloa: ""Thanks to my friends for the inviting to @user Hopefully, on May 28 we meet in Milan!"" 
#TrumpOnCNN  Please add Carly Fiorina to the primary debate Sept 16th. Please start interviewing her on CNN she deserves more time on CNN 
Sun setting on the Columbia river while the Zac Brown Band wails out Homegrown!#theshit 
Come out Wednesday evening as we finish off the Cinema under the stars  season with Jurassic Park 
PJ Harvey or King Creosote would be deserving winners of the #Mercury2011 prize tonight but think Tinie Tempah will nick it 
Ni**as In Paris. May be better than the original. via @user 
Her reaction may have been a nur awkward. But at least, Angela Merkel was honest telling the girl just how it is. #merkelstreichelt 
New #sexy comment about: TheEuropeanDream is available in Indianapolis: friday-sunday! 
Listen in Hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet Frank X. Walker who present his works at Murray State on November 1.  #soundsgood 
"Thank God its friday,Rick Ross da boss live in Lagos tonite at Eko Hotel .come link up with me ." 
"Managed to convince my kryptonite to swim with me, this should be interesting. And hopefully the Internet will will restored tomorrow." 
@user love the Greenbrier team. Tipped two of them and possibly Harris English’s biggest fan. May yet add him to my staking plan. 
"Just thought about the fact that I'm now a Junior. PSAT, PSSA, SAT's, Benchmarks, Benchmarks, Homework and, Prom. Wow. #Classof2014" 
Here he comes ladies.... Magic Mike XXL will be getting it all off TOMORROW night for the Otautau Plunket... 
"Fabio Capello: """"From what I’ve seen these days I can assure you Russia are capable of getting a good result vs Portugal tomorrow""""." 
@user dude you definitely need to get a part in True Blood. We had pole dancers again this year at the uk convention party tonight 
The Hulk Hogan carry on has cheered this Monday up no end.  In bits here at the back of a bus.  #ComedyGold 
@user Hi, we have decided to move all efforts to upgrade Moto G with 4G LTE (1st Gen) directly from KitKat to Lollipop 5.1. Thanks." 
If you missed the big news yesterday: Floyd Mayweather v Andre Berto is live on @user Sept 12! 
@user I can't wait for Tuesday's PS4 release! It feels like this was designed just for me. Will it support Vita remote play? 
Happy Friday!!!   Watching this gives me hope in our youth. Out of all the rambling  Kanye West did this past... 
The Foo Fighters may or may not have just ruined any future concerts that I attend. That was awesome!! 
New iPhone announcement tonight. If I don't get one ordered tomorrow with @user for my upgrade there will probably be tears. 
I agree with all but Jurassic Park. I loved  all three. Haven't seen the 4th yet. 
@user oh hahaha they post it once everyday.So,don’t worry they’ll post Hoya’s pict tomorrow ~ 
Cate Blanchett May Star in Marvel's 'Thor: Ragnarok':  The award-winning actress is reportedly in the middle o... 
I invite you to join me at the Pride Parade tomorrow. We will be meeting in the Provincial Government parking lot at 12:00pm. See you there. 
I can already tell Calibraska is going to be worth the 7th month wait for music Jack and Jack have come so far I'm so excited #CalibraskaEP 
@user @user and when I go to see Madonna in march I'm going to pretend its really you up on stage. I'll never forget u Ellen! 
Can't wait for the Vikes game on Sunday... Let's hope Christian Ponder doesn't get off the bench Ay? #skol 
@user Good Luck to Paul Dunne on the Last Day of the British Open Tomorrow. Can he Do It? Hopefully. 
Excited for the Nuggets game tomorrow! 
Guess what?! We are going to be having our Christmas party on December 6th! No shows, unless your Justin Beiber.... 
Wwe MONDAY NIGHT RAW is going to be HILARIOUS I can't wait for this and BROCK LESNAR 
"Holy shit holy shit holy shit, it's Star Wars day!! ITS FINALLY HERE!!! May the Force be with you all! #TheForceAwakens" 
"4 tests tomorrow #excited 
@user Not misinformation.. whoever planned National Hot Dog Day should just know that the 4th of July is actual NHDD 
Fuck yes the Girl Scouts just came to my door. And I may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints.... 
Awesome veggie Sunday lunch at the Prince George in Brighton. A great little pub! 
Watching full 1st season of The Finder on Hulu plus. So funny @user I see why you liked it! on episode 2 
If someone wants to bring me Dunkin tomorrow that would make me happy 
CFB starts off a great weekend with #20 Utah taking on Oregon State tomorrow at 10pm @user 
Happy Monday! Hoping to help shake off the Mondays Blues with the sexy Chris Evans. #ManCrushMonday 
"At least 20 women have won seats for the first time in Saudi Arabia's municipal polls, the elections commission said on Monday. ""The" 
@user good night john cena talk to you tomorrow 
@user lets not jump the gun.. 1st priority is to see off Hillary.. 
Tomorrow is going to be interesting let's see what my mom will say about me wearing my Kurt cobain shirt to a party 
TVD is barely on it's 3rd episode of the season and the story is already super damn goooood 
Incredible pass from Vick to Kyle Williams. Williams out jumps Carr in the end zone, 21-0 in 2nd. 
At tomorrow’s Heritage Convocation we will celebrate the last 125 years of SC history. Come to Culbertson at 10 am! 
Bringing you these affordable euphoric music fests this august!  Nirvana: Where Time Stands Still  PICC Forum 8... 
"Surprised Sharleen Spiteri on TFI Friday since she wrote ""Say What You Want"" about Chris Evans fancying her!" 
Very excited about Roskilde Festival tomorrow! On Pavillion stage at 7.30pm @user 
"Zac Brown Band is about to put on an amazing show, and I'm hyped to see it on the 15th." 
Okay Justin Bieber may not be the best role model out there but damn he got some good songs out now 
@user @user I've been a fan for 4 years now. KPOP is kinda different from what you may be used to. T-ARA is my FAVE group! 
"I'll make icons &amp; headers of Lady Gaga from the full year of 2015 &amp; I'll post them tomorrow, Little Monsters!" 
i can't believe i'm going to foxborough this saturday and tom brady would do me like this 
Sarah from @user interviewed Bradley for National Ice Cream Day. Catch the segment Friday 12:00 ch4 to see... 
When I get to my mom's house on Sunday I'm going to force her to listen to Calibraska just for Jack and Jack's sake 
Thanks to @user and the @user I may have stood where Ryan Braun has stood. #winningateverything #otra 
This is @user 5th triangle choke victory in his career. Conor McGregor was the 3rd victim. #UFCGlasgow 
John Kasich is running 2nd in our question Who do you support for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination? 
My #fridayreads is Friday Night Lights by H.G. Bissinger. The true life book that launched the amazing television show. 
Rum Chata hot chocolate, Thin Mints, and Netflix. This is how you do Saturday night. 
"My song of the year, Kendrick Lamar - Momma. My verse of the year, the 2nd verse of Momma. You'd only understand if u know me" 
@user Hell yeah. I'm ready for Sunday to get here. Going to the White Sox game. It's been a while!!! 
"David Price will take the mound Friday night, his first road start as a Blue Jay. Yes, life is very good in Toronto. #BlueJays." 
More photos from last night's Firsty Thursday Pub Run with Nike Running and Twisted Oak Tavern! 
"After Monday's match against Seth Rollins, John Cena has officially earned my respect. Wrestling with a broken nose. Just... Wow!!!" 
National Ice Cream Day is this Sunday! How about we celebrate early with @user Open today 'til 5! 
Sitting watching #qt with my Marxist sister in law. Certainly makes it interesting and the 1st person I've heard who agrees with Mehdi Hasan 
"my mom and I may have many differences, but we will always agree when it comes to Ed Sheeran..  #EdSheeran #perfection" 
Glad its Friday, but I wanna go to the NCS game... no fun when there isn’t anything to do.. 
"#idf15 is to techies what religious retreats are to Christians. Sure it's fun and sure you feel a bunch of stuff, but there's work tomorrow." 
"I'm going to tell Colwell we should do a JT, Bruno Mars or Janet Jackson song for hip hop next Monday for real" 
Yelling I’m so proud of my son TRAYVON he’ll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is STUDENT OF THE MONTH. JUST THANKING GOD! 
justin is the first Canadian &amp; youngest artist &amp; also 4th male artist to debut at #1 on billboard hot 100 HE'S 21 &amp; ALREADY A LIVING LEGEND 
Watching Fabian Delph gives us hope that we may still one day be called up to play for England. Even though we have not played for 5 years.. 
Everyone give my good friend @user a follow - he's interviewing Justin tomorrow! 
@user LA County Fair on Labor Day lol. Why not just go to Disneyland on 4th of July too while youre at it haha 
Many blessings lately: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Got out to the theater last Saturday to see Ant-Man . Not only 
Listening to early, live, AC/DC, covering Chuck Berry, while driving a black capri, with the windows down, in the sun. It's a good day. 
@user trying to do the same ha. But I've been good. Just waiting to be up in Auburn with y'all in January 
"I may not watch as much baseball as I did when I was younger, but there's nothing like the Yankees beating the Red Sox. #Classic" 
"i have the privilege of performing at the usher hall tomorrow, which seats 2,200 &amp; has welcomed elton john, led zeppelin &amp; david bowie..." 
RT @user Lucy Hale is trending worldwide! The girls from #PrettyLittleLiars are getting some love from the fans tonight. Congra ... 
I was 8 turning 9 in the 4th grade when I started to support Justin. Now Im a freshman in highschool still loving him to this day Time flies 
"The rookie does it again! Kris Bryant delivers walk-off home run in 9th inning to give Cubs win over Indians, 2-1! 
Today is Prince George's 2nd bday and I'm in Europe...going to his party because I'm considering myself friends of the royal family 
I wish Sunday Oliseh and the Super Eagles players the very best in today's encounter. #NaijaFootball 
Finally got the tickets for #BajrangiBhaijaan thanks to @user finally a high note to put an end to Eid holidays. Work from tomorrow! 
@user James Martin could have you on Saturday Morning Kitching ’This will go wonderfully with the lamb; a real musty scrote aroma’ 
Mariah Carey till the sun up bitch 
My 2nd favorite in the Brazilian NT and sa Chelsea pd. Happy Birthday @user :D And sa uban pa naa sa lista  mehehe 
"Ok, can anyone answer if when 1D will come to the Philippines? Cause my cousin told me this dec. 21 and shes not sure. Please answer me.." 
Frank Ocean and the sun is perfect! 
"Went to see ""Rise of the Planet of the Apes"" tonight. It was pretty dope; I give it 5 Bananas." 
"OC folks - see below: If you are in Orange County tomorrow, come to our Beacon Summer Olympics at La Palma... 
The Pope is only as nice as he has to be to lure you back in: Cool Pope strikes again: Pope Francis on Tuesday... 
@user Franko's RBI single in the top of the 1st gives Gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom. Atta way! 
@user i'll probably be in Milan the first week of May ;) looking forward to see you sooner or later. 
"Great 1st day of Early Vote in FL, successful event with Eva Longoria, and Giants kick off Game 3 with the 1st run of the game. I'll take it" 
Bars &amp; Pubs - National Hot Dog Day: Wed 02 Sep It's National Hot Dog Day and the Soda Factory is going all out... 
I've amassed 1.5 million credits in ME3 for the Retaliation launch tomorrow. More than a little excited #ME3 #mybodyisready 
Have Brock Lesnar vs The Undertaker Summerslam simulation coming for you tomorrow :) 
Spinning Sunday night at Moomba for their Thanksgiving party come check it out going to be crazy as usual! Tickets are available. 
4-yard TD pass from Philip Rivers to Eddie Royal. Extra point good. Chiefs down 0-7 with 10:04 left in 1st quarter 
(1/2) Judge me if you want but Ima make sure I don't miss the Miss USA pageant tomorrow . There's nothing like watching beautiful women... 
Go Set a Watchman comes out Tuesday and I'm really excited for it 
If your in Indianapolis tomorrow swing by the Macy’s at Castelton mall from  5:30-7:30. I’ll be there signing autographs and pictures! 
You Win Again - The Story of the Bee Gees Thu 19 Nov | 8pm  THE STORY OF THE BEE GEES! This incredible musical... 
RT @user Deus Ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight.  Fucking love you twitter followers. 
@user Chet Faker and Kendrick for me. Giraffage was dope too. Had to work the booth Sunday night but I still heard Elton and Sam Smith 
It's going to be @user first time watching Naruto as a weekly-episode-watcher tomorrow. Join the club! 
Breaking Dawn is coming out on the 16th , yayyy 
I'm gonna call out of work tomorrow because Kane turns 1 and it's a big deal #catmom #gotmypictureforinstagramready 
@user woosahhhh it’s Courtney! Long time no see from 1st lady! 
"When Nicki came into the game Bey was working on her 4th solo #1 album after selling millions, so for Nicki to share the same stage is a lot" 
@user Watching on livestream tonight you guys put on a hell of a show as always, see you in Binghamton NY next Saturday Love u guys" 
"Roll call: who's going to the Foo Fighters show tomorrow? I'll be there with my mom, who will tell me to ease up on the beer, JUSTINE RUTH." 
Jim Brown praises Trent Richardson - Rookie running back Trent Richardson did more than win Sunday’s game for the Br... 
Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 will be officially announced tomorrow, here's a quick look at it  
"Happy Thursday, Day before Friday, International Women's day and happy 3 more days of the Olympics.. yay! xx" 
"Personally I would have loved to see Rousey vs Tate III, but Dana just announced... Rousey vs Holly Holm on January 2nd for #UFC195" 
Happy 6th birthday to Aubs! Chelsea kept the birthday breakfast in bed tradition going. Thats chels on the right... 
Harrogate is a Spa town and the site for the Great Yorkshire Show in July. This cottage is a great base for visiting 
i went through my old iPod nano and I still listen to the same music I did in 5th grade..chili peppers, green day, the killers, blink omfg 
Serena is one of the best athletes in the world. Like may weather at his sport or Kobe or Tom Brady 
@user @user Watching this great interview with Ava Duvernay-new film coming out Fri. with the beautiful Nigerian actor from Red Tails 
I'm waiting for Chris Brown to get a hold on this song also. It sounds like something he may actually remix.  
calibraska is going number one tomorrow or I'm suing. jack and jack deserve it so much. 
With one of the greatest UX innovators, during Oracle's MDC 5th anniversary celebration. #PlungInOracleDay 
@user I may disagree with you there but I can appreciate your love of HBK. @user  is the ultimate legend. 
Good birdie for Paul Dunne on the 3rd #TheOpen2015 
Assassins creed III may just be the best game ever.  #gamingitup 
@user Can't spell Star Hotshots without the word SHORT. Go Ant-Man!!!  
Jeff, Joseph Arthur and the amazing Richard Stuverud.... Fox Theater in Bolder, November 18th. DO NOT MISS THIS!... 
"TOMORROW is the big day!!!!!  Do you have your copy reserved?  Go Set a Watchman, by Harper Lee.   On sale here... 
@user Yeah but to be fair Tony Blair wasn't around in the age of Twitter, He may still visit The Hague hopefully!" 
@user In PR &amp; rep a Kckstr for 1st off the wrist accessories for Apple Watch. Can I send u info? They are rly chic &amp; innovative Thx 
@user @user    chris evans alternative radio show   12pm tomorrow give it  ago!!!! its so good! 
"Watching Monday night Raw when John Cena's song comes on....  Sasha comes booking it into the living room saying, ""Cena! Cena!""" 
@user you and me both. Was chatting to @user about 4th wall breaking after Ant-Man 
"Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George, may your day be filled with fun and puppies! #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge 
"She is like staring at the sun, she could easily blind someone - Jason Aldean" 
"Hey kids, it's Friday! Coffee's brewing and it's all frosty cool outside with an amazing moon and planet combo over the porch" 
"That Singers in Action in concert this Thursday at the Hammerstein is gon be EPIC! Beres Hammond, Sanchez & Wayne Wonder....JEEZUS! #Legends" 
@user well happy afternoon!! Things are good it's going to be a lot better when the Redskins win this Sunday!! How have you been? 
did I mention Im going to see Foo Fighters in milton keynes tomorrow !!!!... 
Nice Sunday today starting with a Macy's brekie then off to the garden centre with @user & her nan & grandad #chilled #wheresdinner 
#SkateNight Tonight 8pm Stardust Skate Center FREE b4 9:30pm Hosted by #SAAB its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x2 
We're all no one! Party w/ Nervo tonight at Surrender Nightclub! Grab ur bikinis &amp; swim trunks for Splash Dance Thursday! Txt me 714.8785254 
@user @user @user don't forget to look out for me and @user in the audience of Celebrity Juice tonight. Bangtidy!" 
Mark Cuban: Apple TV Is a Pipe Dream And why the HDNet founder thinks that may be a good thing... 
Everywhere I go by Janet Jackson ! ugh I remember waking up when it was still dark in the winter for school I think like 3rd grade 
Why didn't anybody tell me Bernie Sanders was coming to GSO Sunday? I might have to come here what he has to say. 
"May the blessings of Allah fill your life with happiness and open all the doors of success now and always. "" Eid..." 
Amazing work Directioners! Little Things was Number 1 on the @user tonight! Can we do it again tomorrow? #challengeaccepted 
"it's crazy how I swore up &amp; down that ""Ant-Man"" would stink but I'm excited to see it a 2nd time." 
Alejandro Valverde wins Stage 3 of Paris-Nice. Can he catch Bradley Wiggins? The answer #parisnice 
Watching the Rousey fight for the 10th time. This woman just motivates me dude. 
Nicki is the only reason my HW gets done tbh.  
"He may be the one! #MediaCom salesman as he sings Sam Smith's solo, ""I'm Not The Only One""! #SingLOUDxPROUD  LINK: 
Sisterly love: After beating older sis Venus in 3rd set match at @user Serena says, "She's the best person I know." (Cc:@alexa_pollock) 
"Just got the wax flushed from my ears for Janet Jackson tomorrow night, my body is literally ready" 
Fashion Star tomorrow.... Should be a fun long day 
no matter what anyone says...Ray Lewis may be the best defensive player to ever play the game. Hes got heart and hes got anger. 
Kyle Williams has ’good chance’ to play Sunday for Bills: ’Dealing with an ankle injury, Williams got back to pr... 
"Nirvana's ""In Utero 20th Anniversary Super Deluxe"" is out today! You can stream the entire album on Spotify." 
"Only one listen so far, but thought the 1st new Iron Maiden disc was excellent, while the jury is still out on the 2nd." 
GOOD morning! 1st day of school for Prince George's Co...how on fleek is your first day of school outfit? #firstdayofschoolthoughts 
@user omg yes!! Then I'll be in Milan for my birthday on the 5th!! 
PHOTOS: Beautiful! Selena presenting Amy Schumer with an award at the 19th Annual Hollywood Film Awards! 
@user awesome cos I was ready to get on the phone at 10am tomorrow to get tickets for st David’s hall!! Happy days can’t wait 
Marshall golfer Nathan Kerns has finished the fall with the 12th best stroke average in the country. 
"seeing ""Straight Outta Compton"" &amp; ""Ant-Man"" tomorrow is the move.. gotta decide on a 3rd movie as well." 
Got the greatest head of my life watching Twilight and the 2nd greatest head while watching The Wood....im grateful for those films 
@user Hey Rob. Crap eh? I am going to Anfield on Sunday. Hope your lot lay down for us ha ha 
"Inter still top after loss, but the top five all close together chasing the Scudetto with Milan lurking in 6th. Exciting" 
@user  I grew up listening to Frank Gifford on Monday night football.   Thanks for all the memories. Rest in peace! 
Taylor Allderdice might just be wiz 2nd best mixtape 
" @user I hope you are voted for on Aug 28TH for DWTS! That would be the ISH ,while we wait for season 2 of ... LLLINKKK" 
Cardinal team making it interesting here in the top of the 8th.... An error and RBI single by Hollis brings the score 8-3 with 1 out... 
"I can't remember the last time I was as excited for a new album as I am for Iron Maiden's ""The Book of Souls"". Friday, get here already." 
@user It solves part of the problem but the jigsaw still has some big gaps that need addressing by 6pm tomorrow! Enjoy Barca! 
Carly Fiorina sat with @user this morning to talk 2016. See the full interview tomorrow AM on @user  
Uncharted 4 on March 18th!  Come on PS4 keep up the quality exclusives! 
I want to see Paul McCartney in October 
Yelawolf is still the best Yelawolf - Billy Crystal Feat Rockcity On screen lyrics: via #DGITjustbecause he took 4th 
"Bloodborne has the greatest gameplay experience out of all the Miyazaki games I've played.  Dark Souls is my favorite, with BB ranking 2nd." 
Kinda wanna go to the Jason Aldean concert tomorrow 
Foo Fighters were incredible! Know I'm going to be dead tomorrow but so worth it! 
@user You find her and you may get a reason to stay longer here in Philly :-) 
@user Like calling Rahul Gandhi 'Yuvraj';may not be to @user liking;but I think it makes a point about elitism;OK by me. 
Look how far they’ve come since July 23rd 2010. They have a smash album, Brit Award, and the even beat out Justin Bieber for a TCA. 
Pic: This guy will make a nice profit if Paul Dunne wins the golf tomorrow 
I can't wait for @user I am going to the bank Tuesday to start a Fashion Star savings account so I can be ready!!! 
23rd of August was such a nice day, England lift Ashes, Bolt won 100 m and Federer beats Djokovic in Cincinati. 
Amy Schumer will be here Friday &amp; I want to go! 
Oh and P.S. big Adidas warehouse sale tomorrow if you’re interested! 
"Jen Meehan becomes the 9th official  Iron Maiden by successfully completing one repetition of the pistol, pull up... 
"Ready for the Looe Mini Street Party up on Sunnybank. Monday 3pm. Cake, quiche & other retro tiffin eats! All welcome. 
@user @user he told us the summer BEFORE 9th grade. Nice try though Curtis 
"People need to be free. And there's a place in the sun"  #NP Bob Marley - i know a place  
#Friday #Goodmorning #Weekendishere What NFL game do you dream of attending this season? Make it a reality... 
Rumours had it for long, but this may actually be the first Nokia Android phone! 
@user You beat them 5-1 in the San Siro but Terry Henrys 3rd goal is world class. #NeverMindPires! 
Urban wants Braxton to train with Tim Tebow in the off season!!  I say yes! May not be a good QB, but the dude is smart & works hard 
probably going to be going to Ventura warped on June 21 I'm so excited!! 
Lots of excitement for Dana and Nabeel who will be married this Saturday at the beautiful Chesapeake Bay Beach Club 
Just turned on my @user and got The Ronettes followed by AC/DC. I just might survive Thursday if this keeps up. 
Kane just asked me for the 3rd time if I had fun run 
@user I love you so much Niall and tomorrow is my birthday I hope for the best that you will follow me 
@user cant wait for tomorrow!!! see you at the kirby center! 
@user he was honest with Welbeck he was our 4th choice striker neither one to blame its good for all he left 
New mobile number coming Wednesday. DM me for the number or get me on Google+ at 
Pakistan clears visa accord, India welcomes it - New Delhi/Islamabad, Nov 1 (IANS) A day after Pakistan’s cabinet ap... 
"I'm really dying to hear that track with Beyonce and the full version of ""That's My Bitch"" off Watch the Throne. Monday must come sooner" 
"His voice will take you to an other planet  , rolling stone still gives me the chills  . See you in December @user ." 
There are some great opportunities for young people at the moment... Journals at Splash Dance 8 July 2- 3pm.... 
"Yoga, removing the obstacles that may obstruct our light shining through #letyourlightshine #share 
My sister and I are going to SM this Saturday afternoon to watch Lorax. I am so asking my dad for popcorn money. :)) 
"February 13th """"Desperation Day"""" the most awesome day of all time #True_Story" 
"Tomorrow 7-14-15 the new Harper Lee novel ""Go set a Watchman"" is released !!!" 
X factor, home made goodies, jacuzzi and Sacha Baron Cohen. Perfect Saturday evening with @user 
8 for Dustin Johnson at the 1st. Playing my kind of golf. 
@user lets just go protest tomorrow spread to our pirate brothers! We did it with SOPA lets tey it again :) 
You must be pretty awesome to get your own day &gt;&gt; June 13th is Matt Cain Day #SF #sfgiants 
I admire John Kasich for saying his thoughts on a very controversial topic regardless of what negative feedback he may receive. #GOPDebate 
Best band in the world, Fleetwood Mac, live in concert on Sky Arts. Saturday night sorted. 
"i'm done writing code for the week! Looks like we've developed a good a** game for the show Revenge on ABC Sunday, Premeres 09/30/12 9pm" 
The Romney/Libya moment was the fastest momentum stopper I've seen since that Kenny Lofton 3rd base stop in Cleveland's 2007 Playoffs. 
"Friday random ten: Revisiting the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Songs list, part 6: It's a good song ... #reggaenews" 
Big Apple event today. Looking forward to the 12" iPad Pro. Dare I say it may support a stylus? 
I just realized I've been watching Naruto since I was in the 5th grade and I'm about to start my 3rd year of college... 
Advert for Apple Watch features a birth scene, with the caption "delivery times may vary" #winner 
@user Hi, would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the Evanescence gig in London on 9th, who can I contact to arrange? 
@user Bren-field mate, we where joint 2nd, they where bottom. They celebrated like they’d just won the Carling Cup! 
Can’t wait till Sunday morning when we (Shola) make the Mackems cry. Pretty sure a #HatemBomb or two will be dropped too. #PremierPunditry 
@user the sun is out in Limerick and most definitely shining in Kerry. We almost in Ballybunion. Actual blue sky 
@user @user @user I'm saying Murray was good but it great. Randle and dmc are just as good if it better. CM is 4th RB 
@user are you going to be at Hype Park tomorrow? :) 
Went to the strawberry festival with my babe earlier today and now being lazy. Maybe a dinner date tonight to top off this perfect Sunday :) 
"July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day, celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog! #foodie #hotdog 
I will undergo my medical for Juventus tomorrow, I can play trequartista and CAM, both at the same time. 
Just walking to the victor! Happy 21st birthday Lauren! 
"my English teacher has very long, thick hair and I hope he puts it up in leias buns for Star Wars day at school tomorrow" 
DSQ Band will open for Air Supply July 29th at Winspear Opera House!!! Come see our first concert with the full... 
@user and I are gonna cry throughout the entire Sam Smith concert on Monday. 
Delicious new items start this Wednesday here at #rosamexicano it’s time to get in the fall mood with these awesome new items! 
@user I saw you at church Sunday with tohse David Ruffin glasses on fly :) 
@user i'm not a huge fan myself but you know Murray will probably comeback in the 3rd &amp; 4th set knowing him. 
"PGA Awards TV Nominations Include Better Call Saul, Mad Men and Inside Amy Schumer: On Tuesday, the ... #tvupdate" 
The moment I truly fell in love with Will was at the beginning of Sakizuke, when he plays Hannibal for the 1st time. #Hannibal #rewatch 
@user oh snap. You guys know who @user is? I'll have to meet the Big Brother fan who runs this acct. I'll be @ setup on Friday! 
@user just me and Iona I think, you are very welcome to come though, I may need the support! Haha" 
@user Well it may be jarring. Even playing the Walking Dead, Back the Future, GoT and Jurassic Park games by them I found TFTBL jarring. 
That ending of 2nd set TB by Federer, he really is the original son of Jor-el 
So excited for the ball in Dec!!! Got Patrick's tux all picked out now just need to find a dress. Green Bay here we come! 
"It's a beautiful Sunday when...YOU PURCHASE YOURE JUSTIN BIEBER TI KETS!!! I'm a beilber at 25, read it and weep. #jbiebs #yougivemepurpose" 
A big day of Football in Marshall on Friday.  Here's a preview of all 4 games.  I'll be tweeting updates for all games  
@user - Hope you have been entered in the Marie Colvin prize at The Sunday Times, Jess. 
"So far, I'm only going to attend Smash Project because Miss May I, Of Mice & Men and Chunk No Captain Chunk." 
I feel like there will be another Friday and Ice cube will have his son play in it with him 
@user May available po bang polycarbonate shells for 630 sa mga Nokia stores nationwide? And how bout the price range? Thanks! 
Win a UK break for you and your dad with Jurys Inn Hotels | The Sun |Fun|Competitions 
1st I love you. 2nd you love me. Three you can't say no to this handsome face. Naruto's reasons for marriage. #NSfanfic 
The 4th, the Nokia 5530 XpressMusic. Fact: This have an Stylus. Used to hate Touchscreens on cellphones before this 
Han mon dieu le remix de I am the best dans Dream High 2, je meurs XDDD 
Happy Bday Big Boss!!!! @user Happy Birthday Roman Abramovich (24 October 1966) Wish you all the best :)) #CFC 
@user isn’t it still due tomorrow? Ah dude I’m like rewriting my Drake song.. Lmao and changing words on it 
I have work tomorrow but I'm still going to stay up and watch Seinfeld... 
Wayward driver puts Johnson off the PGA pace  The horn may have been a welcome sound for Dustin Johnson.  
"Oh blessed be, Shawn is still hotter than the sun. Bless Rider Strong... my first non-cartoon TV crush. Have mercy *Fans face*" 
Ryan Braun steals 2nd and he records his 4th 20/20 season of his career. #MILvsPIT 
Watching The Lorax with my boys.. Happy Saturday 
the ppl on the radio today made fun of Iwata passing then followed it up saying the Foo Fighters are better then Nirvana so yea happy Monday 
Imaaa get it tomorrow. (; 
"Baker Mayfield may have the starting job at OU, but Trevor Knight will always have that shoutout from Katy Perry." 
@user Happy Friday yall.....can u play ""feel it boy"" by Janet Jackson ft Beenie man &amp; then nthin (compares to you) by the Jacksons." 
@user miss you tay! I was just looking thru my ipod &amp; I have vids of you singing back in SAT prep lol 
Just unloaded Jimando at Flemington, fighting fit and ready for the Derby tomorrow! #bringiton 
"Tomorrow I shall do some Dark Souls, Bloodborne and Miku! and probably stuff in between! &lt;3 See you then!" 
@user yeah United were quality though you have to admit! That 2nd goal was better than Barcelona! :) 
"Saudi Arabia women voted in municipal elections Saturday morning, marking the first time they have been allowed to cast ballots in the" 
Since we're doing nothing in 6th hour I'm just gonna watch Netflix :-) 
today my friend's birthday Nabeel afpendi he is my friend dunia akhirat. may god bless him very well. Iloveyou nabeel. 
Lenny Kravitz in The Hunger Games.... Mmmm...May the odds be ever in our favor. 
till June 5 nalang ang botohan! So make sure you vote Deniesse, Wendy, Jazz and Divine on FHM 100 sexiest! :) #THV’sPride! 
I honestly think this is the 8th time I've tried to get through the pilot episode of Game of Thrones #mustpushthrough 
Talk to my Dad tonight and we suppose to go to Detroit in October to c all my family nd my great granny!! 
Thank you Joey Votto... Thank you my good friend.. and thanks for that 4th out Kris Bryant... how you doin Cubbies?? HaHa  #serieswin #Reds 
Can't wait till the album on the 4 Sept...Iron Maiden - Speed Of Light. @user #ironmaiden 
Its getting close. The day is almost upon us. GO SET A WATCHMAN IS TOMORROW!! #GSAW 
@user can’t wait to see you Dec 5th, at MSG in NY <3 
@user Just heard you’re coming to Calgary on the 23rd!! BEST news ever!! You’re going to kill it man!! :) 
"My favorite books about dystopia and fantasy are Harry Potter, Beautiful Creatures, Hunger Games, Twilight, Eragon, 5th Wave, Percy Jackson." 
@user I live 5 minutes from there. In fact my dads company is a sponsored company for it. I'm seeing Snoop Dogg there on Saturday :) 
Christians....just a reminder we must exercise our faith (as personal as it may be) publicly and politically.... 
@user see you saturday, you sure this prince george is the right pub hahahha" 
#Sharknado3 April Lives Can't wait for Sharknado 4 begin the Hypenado! 
Goodnight! Big day! Tomorrow I’m at the school to 3:00 (Argentina time) because I stay to the Mallin! (Tomorrow I’ll tell you what is that)! 
@user haha it was closer to the six yard line.ha...remember beating Arsenal 3-0 nevin 2 thought wed win the league that season 
@user  Gonna be on a bus for hours tomorrow...think I'll get The Cab pumping the whole way Xx 
"Yesterday you said Tomorrow, Just do it"  - Nike 
Going to go Jurassic park tomorrow!!!! Pretty excited lol the goal is to continue to find peace and it worked last time. So round 2!!! 
The side project of Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris is out on the road! Playing live Bristol Bierkeller 30th... 
"Jordan Spieth or Irish amateur Paul Dunne? Either way, they both have a chance to make history Monday at #TheOpen - 
@user Serious talk If you and Tyler do a DayZ thing, I can hook you up with a server.  Skype :Ocdsupertoaster <3 Cell : Dinner 1st 
@user OH SHI. Well, I know where I am heading either tomorrow out Tuesday. Thanks for the info. Will put out to Gucci use." 
Serena's 1st and 3rd set were gracious, especially when she hit the split and slammed it at the end of the 1st set. Sheesh! 
My saturday just got BETTER, BRIGHTER and BOLDER. 
@user Until Louie 17th every dinner guest came with his own knife, aka armed. Watch #GOT, Game of Thrones, "Red Wedding". 
MYRTLE BEACH WEDNESDAY   2 showsssssss!!!  First stop is for the Visions of Horror show!!!! Second stop is at the... 
Happy Valentines Day <3... only if you live in Brazil, otherwise its just another irritating Monday. 
@user @user BLAKE get ready for the wild girls in Ohio June 15th hurry up!!!! 
I use to love that song in the 8th grade. Trina was my role model lmfao 
Join us at Cobo Bay this Sunday for the best Fleetwood Mac tribute band! Plus 15% off drinks 
@user I want to watch Paper Towns! Free tomorrow evening? X 
Wish my Grammy was here with me to celebrate my birthday on Sunday #missyou 
"So far, everyone who's seen Kunle Afolayan's """"October 1"""" has said the same thing: GO SEE IT!" 
Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh recorded his first victory with the Eagles as Nigeria beat Niger 2-0 in a... 
epic fight scene! Boruto: Naruto the movie! may gosh! sasuke and naruto together ahihihihi &lt;3 i need the full movie please please leak! haha 
Kanye West and dirty martinis. I love you #Friday 
"I don't care what others may say, Seth Rollins is one of the best. Easily the best WWE champion in the last few years. #WWE #SummerSlam" 
Morgan Stanley Rating Update on Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON): In a research note released to the investors, Mor... 
"it's 9:30 am on sunday, so obviously it's time for david bowie." 
Next Thursday we're helping @user with the free Minecraft event @user Find out more here: 
"I have tickets for Jason Aldean Friday, but do I want pit?" 
Can’t wait to see @user at the House of Blues September 18th! #Stoked 
"Holi....cuantas on? Para volvernos crazy,crazy,crazy till we see the sun xx" 
"It's been 5 years of one direction, Glozell is gonna be a mom, Calibraska comes out tomorrow... What a good day" 
National Ice Cream Day and Jesus' resurrection on Easter are very similar  Both are on a Sunday &amp; both are the center of religious calendars 
TOMORROW: Don't forget the Hume Brophy Annual #Healthcare Conference w/ Simmons &amp; Simmons. Check out the agenda! | 
Someone see AC/DC with me tomorrow, I'll buy your ticket 
"Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! Hot DIGGITY Dog! All day tomorrow, it's BUY ONE HOT DOG GET ONE FREE!  We... 
Call for reservations for lunch or dinner tomorrow (yep Sunday!). Happy to accommodate guests in town for the MISS USA Pageant 346-5100 
@user yeah honestly, going up to see my Gran plus my cousin got tickets for the edinburgh derby on Sunday. Yeah course you can" 
Consuming both cheap wine &amp; Kurt Cobain documentary on a Saturday night with Dorothy Hazel &amp; Greg Gluma. 
I should’ve worn the Concords tomorrow. -.- Oh well. 
With SNSD's new single out just in time for my gig at 7th Heaven do you think anyone would notice if I dropped it in? 
@user @user she'll be the real MVP if she got me Dunkin tomorrow in the AM :-) 
Tweet di Brintey So amazing to have the beautiful Lady Gaga at the show in AC tonight. Love you girl.- Britney 
Maino and the mafia love at #infinity tomorrow for #hustlehardwednesdays w/ @user @user @user  
"#MACtion. I mean, way to go, Bearcats. Made up for a 4th quarter from hell with one huge drive." 
Hopefully this game in Chardon tomorrow we come out with a win! #tigers 
Calibraska is so good omg &amp; It's 1st on the charts! I'm so proud of the boys they never fail to impress. 
@user @user @user @user ommmgggggg you’re alwayyyyyyyz in my HRT babi gurl. See you tomorrow!? 
@user nice piece if exciting news that may make you happy... Wizards of waverly place is coming back! 
Happy to report Kez has qualified for Crufts for the 2nd year in a row :). 
i'm gonna to see you in Milan in november. I cannot wait @user 
Galaxy Note 5: Samsung Sends Out Invites For August 13 Unpacked Event: Yes, the previous rumors were ... #Samsung 
3. The AT&amp;T Stadium will have a great atmosphere on Tuesday, where we will face the likes of Messi and co. 
"1-0 NewCastle Utd . Cabaye places it in bottom left corner, his 1st goal of the season. What a start." 
Well I'll be buying my PS4 on the 18th of March! 
@user so sorry for your loss. May you and Cody And Cassidy smile everytime you think of the great Frank Gifford 
#Noles in the NFL - Thursday Action Review: Stork inactive in Patriots' win via @user 
Kent State baseball looks for its 17th consecutive win to bring home the MAC Championship. Good luck @user 
De La Soul the 25th of July in Amsterdam! Ah I wanna get my DeLa Dunks signed! 
Dustin Johnson doing it again on a major Sunday. Unreal. 
Super Tuesday is just a few days away, Can the president make it? 
Nike Air Force 1 'USA' 30th Anniversary - See the full gallery on Posterous As Nike continues to celebrate... 
Manchester United can return to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday should they defeat Ar... #Arsenal 
@user Pope to make historic US Congress address on Sept 24 - News - @user 
"Spent the majority of my day riding Boris Bikes, playing a crazy game of frizbi and just general lobstering in the sun :) #Summer2012" 
Sacramento Kings could make a push 7-th or 8th seed in the West....I swear, I swear they can. 
I'm supposed to be doing a talk in my teachers office tomorrow about Moon Landing and I think I'll talk about David Bowie songs instead 
Saw Ant-Man tonight with friends. My 3rd time. Fun. 
@user can you please sign my Atletico Madrid jersey at tomorrow's game? #formycollection #pleasehelp 
@user Are you going to watch Lavalantula tomorrow night on SyFy? Looks pretty good. Has some big shoes to fill because of Sharknado. 
Happy Birthday @user may you have many more. Can’t wait to party with you & @user on Sat. in DC @user 
@user Ever since Uncharted 3 and Mass Effect 3, I’ve been weary of third games. Then again this is technically the 5th. Can’t wait! 
"Kanye West Is Running For President In 2020 - Kanye West, greatest human on earth, announced Sunday that he will b... 
@user hi, when will you have show times for Jurassic World (3d)? Excited about Aug 27th! 
"WOW &amp; FLUTTER pays tribute to Ikey Owens, Mark Bell (LFO) and Jan Hooks tonight.  Also, living people.  @ 11 PT." 
Best part of friendship with @user Thursday convos are shut down in time for 30 Rock. 
@user So cool! And earlier in my morning, i watched the 1st Harry Potter movie 
Can't wait until Thursday night for football and watch the best QB Tom Brady come out onto the field a starter and finally be free. #goPats 
"I want to thank Ryan Braun for hitting that home run to send Bernie down the slide, and thereby making my kids' 1st game ""the coolest ever!""" 
"The score may have been 38-26, but Aaron Rodgers kept right up statistically with Favre. Damn. #skolvikings" 
"So grateful, Justin Bieber tickets for the 27th of October buzzinggggg @user 
@user its almost 6pm in japan now..heheh..but good morning to you too 
Do Remember THIS Saturday 10/27 tho.. It’s A Celebration. We just tryna have a good time. @user beed 
Congrats to team Spleaders for winning the Kickball Tournament that was held October 6th! 
@user @user @user Big day on Friday, Don. A brand new double Iron Maiden CD." 
Hey @user :) Support to the Philippines? Cybercrime Law to be in full effect tomorrow. Our version of SOPA #JunktheCybercrimeLaw 
Akon will be in Prince George  Sept 20/2015. @ the Civic Centre   I'm going for that. tickets on sale Friday. 
@user The days are getting shorter for sure, but we'll go into daylight savings this Sunday, i.e., no waking up in the dark! :-)" 
Happy Valentine’s Day (to you that may have one) 
"GET YOUR DOG ON!!......This Thursday 7/23 is National Hot Dog Day, celebrate with us for only $7- chile cheese... 
@user Edward, idk if it'll turn into a movie though, it was for the 10th twilight anniversary,it's so so good xx" 
C'mon, do you wanna popular pope or a strong spiritual leader? Popularity and the Pope #catholic #popefrancis 
"Marginal gains wins Le Tour - @user wins Maillot Jaune, @user wins on the Champs for the 4th time #chapeau" 
Perfect Pairing. The Singapore Slingers plus the White Ghost Shivers August 31. Tix 
"Later start this morning - off to get the stitch removed from my arm, then up into Cumbria we go and Scotland tomorrow! #lejog go go go!" 
I love real friends and ptv and taking back Sunday and fiatc and neck deep and knuckle puck and ymas and tonight alive and nirvana and 
Chili cooking on the stove top and am watching Crossfire Hurricane. Good start to Sunday. 
@user # Dark Souls 3 comes out in March. I know you love it, and you've tried with Dark Souls 1 &amp; 2 to no avail." 
tonight at midnight ENDS Sober October - and it's Halloween! look out Myrtle Beach! ;) 
Summer is BUSY! Saw Ant-Man with super heroes LilF and @user Tomorrow Minecraft with @user and @user 
Juventus could close the deal for Draxler tonight or tomorrow. Juve &amp; Schalke will now talk about the method of payment. [Di Marzio] 
We hope you are enjoying Pixels.   Ant-Man will start this Friday.  Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing... 
@user James Bay is on Radio 2 with Chris Evans either this Friday or next (I think next) 
@user Dr. Arnold, I think they are just in the semi finals tomorrow. Go Warriors!! 
Too much partying ...last of lovely visitors are here for another night then I am going to sleep and dream of the Foo Fighters next Saturday 
@user happy birthday mitchie! Hope you have the best fucking birthday love you!!! We'll celebrate Wednesday whole crew:D #mitchiesbday 
@user @user @user  In a Geography class tomorrow with Google @user - great starter! #geographyteacher 
So after David Ruffin sat in the trap and smoked crack all day Friday all day Saturday and Sunday I gotta salute his will to keep going! 
"Kim Kardashian and Kanye West welcomed a baby boy on Saturday, but as of Sunday night, the pair hadn't decided on a name for their" 
LEO SEASON we still at it!!!! JETT LOUNGE this Sunday !!!!  
@user have Kerry ever gone down this road, Dara sat out a semi, and Donaghy didn't appeal a red from the Cork game when Lynch did? 
"yesterday ericka n I went to the hotel where sam smith was staying n sat in the lobby for a good 2 hrs n saw 2 guys that seemed ""important""" 
@user @user His birthday at start of March, may start saving now haha. Did wee btts double for tonight in Israel &amp; late Belgium" 
After sitting 13 rows back from 3rd base I have to say... I fell in love with David Wright's ass tonight 
"I don't know what I'm more excited about - starting a new Hub8 project, seeing Ant-Man or Charlie coming home from Greece tomorrow..." 
I feel like Brock Lesnar may be the only boyfriend that's safe dating Rousey. 
My following may not be as big as Jay-Z's but I got a solid supportive growing following. Thanks for the love. #TeamM00Y0U 
@user Good Evening Planet Hollywood happy Saturday to you HI may i ask if your going to be selling any Janet Jackson unbreakable tour t 
That Janet Jackson. Sometimes she just gets me. Happy Friday friends! 
7 Dec going to Hat Yai :) 
#Twitition Mcfly come back to Argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata!!! 
@user at work humming yer only job..Lucky your coming back in November with RNDM . Yay for Montreal 
I wanted to look nice for tomorrow but I'm probably just going to wear my fleetwood Mac shirt again. 
"Great night of JiuJitsu! Huge day tomorrow with the Dynamite Ninjas, Striking then Advanced Gi!!!! Don't miss it!" 
Huge fight in the Chargers game! Good game for two medicore teams. Next Thursday we get Colts.vs Jags...ugh 
@user ah bet you luv doin broadcastin wi me. All those lassies throwin thur knickas at us. Evra mans dream. 
Happy Monday! Did you know that today is National Ice Cream Day?! This Monday isn't going to be so tough after all... 
Amazon to Release a $50 Tablet   Amazon plans to release a $50 tablet with a 6-inch  September 8, 2015 Cool Tech!!! 
@user see you in Manila on Sept  18! Check this out! One of my shots from Smash Project in Manila! \m/ 
Congrats to @user for winning Best Male Tennis Player award at the 20th Annual ESPY Awards! I'm so glad I voted! :D 
Brian May confirms that Sacha Baron Cohen will play Freddie Mercury in a film about the late, great Queen singer: 
@user LOL...Oh if you are free on Sunday, I would like to invite you to Women's Day at my church." 
@user after we get our winnings from Hiko and Koosta im going all in on Digi for tomorrow ty Hell Raiser fangayz 
@user Perfect day at Peover Park yesterday. Lots of fun, sun and more dogs than Crufts. Nice man bought Knutsford bear from KHC stand." 
"We imperfect humans receive second or, sometimes, multiple chances. Keep up the good work, Shawn! #SicEmBears 
reason #19387483 that my dad is the coolest human: he is currently obsessed with friday night lights on netflix 
Did not know about National Hot Dog Day.  Enjoy one with a craft brew at Sun Up Brewing Co. 
Carly Fiorina: We Should Not Repeal the 14th Amendment via @user Very impressed with this interview!! 
Looking to start the week with success! Lots of thoughts about tonight's MNF match between Man City & Swansea. 
@user Meccan Trade and the Rise of Islam is one of the most important books of the 20th c. on this topic. 
Scott Walker AND Marco Rubio will be on with us Monday Morning.  You won't want to miss Mondays Radio show.  Love... 
So proud of everyone tonight. It's not the end of the season it's the beginning of a new one. Game next Saturday against Curtis 7 pm Mt. T 
@user @user if milan win tomorrow then milan are in the final 
@user Feb 22 at KFC YUM center, you down?! 
"July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day. Preparation and condiment styles vary regionally across the U.S., with mustard being the No.1 choice." 
RT @user Alright everyone lets do this. 2 winners tonight at 9pmEST. Girl and boy winners. 1600 Microsoft Points. @ me and follow fo ... 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day. Do what you will with this knowledge. I probs gonna eat some ice cream. 
Bout to watch Friday Night Lights for like the 3rd time. One of my favorite shows 
OMG. Jun featured in Prepix new MV? Release tonight?! FYEAH. 
@user haha ok i'll put you on the list. But my sweet got moved to either the 23rd or 24th & its gonna be at the LCC instead 
Frank Ocean album supposed to drop tomorrow.... Let's hope it's true 
I'm just going to naruto and chill tomorrow. 
"I'm so happy that the hotel at Auburn has free wifi, so now i can watch the O.C before move in day tomorrow!! #thishasgottabeagoodlife" 
@user Yo, I followed you, I`m interested in having the un-tagged 2nd Verse for Careless World. 
Photo: wtvox: IBM Will Invest $3 Billion For A New Internet of Things Unit: IBM on Tuesday said that it... 
On Saturday Night Live set today with Amy Schumer! 
Got a good day planned with Mrs W and kids and off to see Blackpool illuminations tonight :-) Then away with work yet again tomorrow :-( 
Just wrote a great song with Mitch Daniels! Really looking forward to performing it with him on Thursday! :) 
John Kasich on Tuesday will become the 16th major Republican candidate for president 
Massive good luck wishes to Alan Pritchard and David Owen running the snowdonia marathon tomorrow #smashit 
United win RVP anytime ... I can see the papers back page already for Sunday #banker 
For those who didn't see Jurassic World in the big screen yet, it's coming out in IMAX 3-D on August 28th for a week. 
#KeepCalm Are you ready for the Zac Brown Band this Sunday night at SPAC? 
"I want to start """"International Talk like a Grunt Day"""" in honor of the 4 years I served in the US Army Infantry. Every Oct 3." 
Still listenin to Kendrick's Black Friday...idk if a joint project with him is a good idea for anybody lol...on another level... 
Hey it's Monday! Which means Monday Night RAW tonight! Which means The Undertaker &amp; Brock Lesnar!! 
@user Thank you, Ian, for making ""Sharknado"" our family's new guilty pleasure!!!  Can't wait for the 4th! #AprilLives" 
Lady Gaga accepted Billboard's Woman of the Year award Friday and spoke out during her speech against sexism in the music industry.&amp;nbsp; 
"The fact that Bailey is bringing Dunkin into work tomorrow, is the only thing keeping me motivated to wake up in the morning." 
How was everyone's Labor Day weekend? Hopefully you had lots of time for fun in the sun! #mauibeachblankets... 
Reserve your spot for our next Party Camp! Programming &amp; video creation with Minecraft! Starting Aug 31, grades 1-3 
Calibraska is going to be on my phone tomorrow INSSNJSNSNSSN 
Threshold opens for the Fab 4 Thursday Oct 25 and Friday Oct 26 at the Cove in Normandy Park WA... don't miss it! 
@user Aki ta junior saying he inviting Max tomorrow lol to chill in the house 
"Perhaps I need a life, but I am really interested to see the FEC's draft Citizens United rules, which they'll take up tomorrow." 
Just 2 more days until Copper River Salmon is here! Arriving Monday to the Market. 
Djokovic v Federer should be good one tomorrow. Fancy the Swiss, can't see Djokovic coming back if he falls behind in this one. 
Shoutout to @user for going with me to see Ant-Man (highly recommend) and scoring us free ice cream yesterday. Best 2nd to last day here 
Celebrating National Ice Cream Day with my fellow interns on this beautiful Sunday #andalsoPanera @user 
@user come visit the Grand National Roadster show in January at the Pomona Fairplex. Literally hundreds of sweet rides! 
Ohhhhh the things I'd do for Dunkin donuts tomorrow morning.. @user is there one near us 
@user 15th august.The anthem still chokes me up.The flag still makes me proud.Gandhi still looks over us.happy Independence day INDIA 
There is still time to register AND find your red dress for tomorrow’s Rampage!  Get on it! 
Reminder: the wonderful madness that is Super Time Force hits the PS4 and Vita tomorrow. REJOICE. 
"Fort Wayne had 3rd Interfaith Prayers 4 the City. Hindu dancing, Miami Nation drums and chanting, Muslims, Jews, Christians all 2gether as 1" 
@user that was golden what you said to Seth Rollins on Monday Night Raw. Go Cena! 16X champion coming soon to you. 
SHARKNADO 3 tomorrow!??? Best day of my life 
AJ has the best 3rd-party commentary on Kpop. 
Makes sense bc while watching twilight they were always glad when the sun was out like hella happy . 
.@TaraReid April needs to be alive! Sharknado wouldnt be the same without her! #AprilLives 
As he stared at his monitor, the decision to puchase Amazon Prime was suddenly an easy one for Steve Sarkisian 
Happy birthday @user may your day be filled with ketchup and Niall horan 
"Not the Best but, everything is decent &amp; good enough in Moto G 3rd Gen. Also, new camera setup is a huge upgrade! @user #MyMotoG" 
Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill are in my city. Sucks to know that I'm only the 3rd sexiest dude here for a day. 
Carly Fiorina most likely joining the primetime GOP debate. Bravo. 
I hope I get to meet Carmelo Anthony tomorrow at the Knicks Rally #Hopeful 
Crazy night with Snoop Dogg at the club. Next date: Benny Benassi, Sunday August 16th. 
"Please God, let Seth Rollins return to the black pants tomorrow night on Raw. Amen. #wwe #SummerSlam #SethRollins" 
Im getting a new phone tomorrow. Thinking about getting the Galaxy Note 4 
Straight outta Compton Was Hard AF!!! They Made Dr.Dre and Cube Perfectly I Like how they Put the Ice Cube writing Friday In it! Awesome 
"my infant son is def keeping wife and up """"Up All Night"""" - a little sleepy today. The book """"Happiest Baby on the Block"""" has been very helpful" 
@user Scant wait leave for L.A. tomorrow morning from Omaha, NE to watch the Trojans go Duck hunting! See yahoo on the field!" 
@user @user hi both - what is the news on Welbeck?  Likely starter tomorrow?  Many thanks 
"M83 Baby!!! Hopefully, the crowd won't be too rowdy like COACHELLA. (@ Hammerstein Ballroom for M83 and Sun Airway) 
"The library will be celebrating National Ice Cream Day tomorrow, July 20th! Stop by between 10am- 11am and make... 
Other than lemon tea&lemonade. Coke &Pepsi are my 2nd favorites. As unhealthy they are, i cant/wont stop drinking them,they’re just so good 
Patriots beat the Jets.  Giants will take on the Royals in World Series. I have coffee. It's a damn good Friday so far! #itsthelittlethings 
"People may not like him, but you have to respect John Cena wrestling against Seth Rollins last night despite breaking his nose in the match." 
We are @ Club H Disco dancing the night away! Thanks Jan for dedicating your the devil in disguise by Elvis to me!! 
National Ice Cream Day is on Sunday. What better way to celebrate than to check out these ice cream treats you... 
Back in the loo today! We are Christians that are students. Not students that are Christian. May this be a blessed year of ministry. Go Lord 
Apparently it's National Hot Dog Day today! May have to get some for dinner. 
may God be with and protect everyone else from the storm that’s about to hit Constitution Hall 
Host fam just agreed to watch Jurassic Park with me tomorrow night. They've never seen it.  And I'm definitely going to heaven for this. 
Inside Amy Schumer is scorching its merry way back onto @user in the new year. S3 begins on Jan 11 at 11pm. (S2 still on demand.) 
@user clearly it's Madonna, but I think that Ringo may be a close second. So many more, it boggles the mind. 
"Reminiscing the Day of Eid, in the beautiful city of Madinah... What a day it was! May Allah take us all to visit the Haramain. Ameen." 
"Also, making my plea for @user to play Until The Day at Riot Fest tomorrow, wasnt in the set last night, really wanna hear it live" 
Kicking off Saturday with Eric Church on Austin City Limits. Free download but expires tonight. Definitely "X" Country. 
@user What Makes You Beautiful is their 1st big hit... Played on the radio 2 death? I ’m koolin’ n u? 
Big Redd, Young Savage and Reed Dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night! Philly it’s Going Down!! 
Monday's PopPik - Bestfriend. Get the PopPik app for Apple Watch. #applewatch #iwatch #wearables #showyourpoppik 
Want to win FREE tickets to the SKYCITY #NZBreakers game next Friday?! Tune in to Flava and find out how! @user @user 
"Tory is meeding with federal NDP members tomorrow morning, followed by: National Hot Dog Day celebrations." 
@user @user Happy Sunday. I hope all is well. Question: Do you find it as eerie as I do Frank Gifford died the same (more) 
I should've just shared it on Google+ :/ But this was what never reached you Friday night, @user Congrats!!! 
6 AUGUST, 2015 Samsung's grand unveiling of the Galaxy Note 5 will happen next week, on August 13. And as we get... 
@user This group is going to have a pretty awesome anti Scott Walker t-shirt for sale tomorrow! 
I'm crying! :O  Thank you @user for giving Hannibal a home for 3 years, and doing your best to keep it there  
"I've heard MCR, Green Day &amp; the Foo Fighters coming out of the dish room today. Fingers crossed, I get the same playlist tomorrow! heeeee" 
Federer breaks the Kohlschreiber serve!! Federer is on red hot form &amp; doesnt look like stopping. Fed leads 2-0 in the 1st set #USOpen 
"#EddyK Sunday inspiration: Where will your wedding be? How about an urban chic celebration in beautiful Milan, fashion capital of the world!" 
Ice cube can produce some good movies. We just need another Friday 
@user haha! Seriously, though, it reminds me of the Seinfeld character Jimmy. "Jimmy liked worship this Sunday."  #chsocm 
"Talking books with my 5th grade niece at our family Christmas She's a dystopian fantasy, Twilight girl. Must have learned from @user 
Leaked iPhone 6s parts show stronger, thicker case (bid adieu to Bendgate), may be using the same aluminum alloy as Apple Watch. 
Who wants to go with me to see Liza in November at the Kirby center???? It's Liza. Fucking. Minnelli. 
"Philippine Star picked up the ASAP 2012, Wansapanataym and Bottomline PR last Saturday. Hooray. :)" 
So my sister and I are going to Ed Sheeran on Saturday... 
Bad Blood is #1 at pop radio for the 6th consecutive week!! 
Randy Orton vs. Sheamus has been added to the #WWEBattleground match card. I'm pumped about going to it on Sunday. 
@user sure? Magneto McKellen is leading out the Pride parade in town on Saturday 
okay so I'm pretty sure I'm going to be seeing Justin Bieber in March??? 
"My thoughts go out to the family of Frank Gifford, great on Monday Night Football and in The Hall of Fame in football. #RIPFrankGifford" 
@user You will appreciate this.. Sunday brunch coffee: Normal cup in b/g and then the BOWL of java. Yowza. 
@user I think the thought of Styled To Rock being on tomorrow evening is going to get me through school tomorrow :') 
Omg @user kita baru check dm! Congrats!!! See you soon (seafood) hehe and see you at Deloitte in Feb! Yay! So happy for you :D 
44537 steps may be a personal record. Half Marathon in morning, Disneyland in the afternoon. #DisneylandHalf #Disneyland60 
@user best one ever 7th track Dr.Dre on the beat ft. Biggie,2pac,Big L,& Big Pun...song is gonna be called """"We Ain’t Dead"""" lmaooo" 
@user may Allah bless Saudi Arabia and all Muslims in the whole word. And yes we will stop terrorism 
I want a Cowboys cake for my 21st birthday idc idc idc lol 
"I just can't wait to see Paul McCartney in October folks, sorry for being a dork" 
I can't believe I'm going to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow! 
In honor of Prince George's 2nd birthday. Who wore it better? 
@user @user @user That is an excellent suggestion, I'll bring it to the other eds. Am I right in thinking IWD is March 8th?" 
Dustin Johnson would be the greatest golfer in the world right now if he could play the weekend like Thursday and Friday in majors 
Tomorrow when I run into you (Making love in my sex dreams) #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
I'm glad I've already seen Frank Ocean live because he may never perform again at this rate. 
About to 3rd wheel my dad &amp; his gf tonight but it's so worth it to see kenny Chesney and Jason aldean 
There are still tickets available for the Mar 9 panel at Paleyfest. Let's make #Castle a sold out event! Get tix here: 
Come get Wet &amp; Wild @user tomorrow for Splash Dance. Our Night Swim features Kyau &amp; Albert on the sound. Goodtimes 
"If you're going to Star Wars Weekends tomorrow, come see me at my very last #SWW event signing! Come say hello and get some vinyls signed!" 
Omg I'm going to Walgreens today. I may buy my Red blanket!!! & I'll eat Papa Johns pizza! :D Today's gonna be an amazing Swift Day! <13 
Wish I am now in Japan to feel the Naruto mood and watch #BorutoTheMovie . Malaysia November baru nak keluaq 
With Apple Watch, wearable tech may start living up to the hype  #wearable #wearabletech 
So I know I'm late on this, but happy late 1st birthday Bentley!!! We love you! 
If I could have any soccer player I want it'd be Prince Boateng,David Beckham or Neymar Jr....Beckham is 1st choice 
June 15th is now and forever going to be Matt Cain Day in San Francisco. And they gave him a key to the city. Wow. #SFGiants 
I'd like to go see Eric Church tomorrow. Friends make it happen 
@user 'Omigod you guys' has been stuck in my head since I seen the show on Wednesday!! Super catchy :D 
Parkrun app for iOS downloaded Where have you been before ?Great app easier access of info &amp; ready for Saturday's run 
@user I'm in love J. Cole Kendrick Lamar-Black Friday it's soo good. Tales of two cites with a Kendrick twist @user 
@user Thanks Milan a city beautiful happy Sunday  for you 
Jeb Bush says he cut off funding to Planned Parenthood as governor | PolitiFact Florida 
@user Hopefully this is the turning point for Arsenal, push on from here.. But if Everton keep it up I may change that as I’d love top 4 
I need to get up early tomorrow and finally see Ant-Man.  My local cinema only has one showing and it is just after 12pm. 
"Good Morning #PR World - wishing you a great Thursday! Did you know that today, July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day?" 
@user but we mustn't forget that on the 7th day, God gave us a Nicki -- Miley take down of epic proportions. Rejoice my child." 
@user Happy Birthday Prince George on your 2nd Birthday,           Have a lovely day &amp; enjoy your special day. xx" 
@user @user 1st time GD oppa praised VIPs in public,1st time other countries VIP jealous with M'sia VIP..and many many more..." 
#Fox Biden says he's not sure if he will seek presidency: Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday he was unsure... 
Alright Randy Orton's body is the 8th wonder of the world 
@user You get it boy! Hey, thanks for the champagne & nummies...Very much appreicated & glad you & Laurin made it sunday..THANKS POOF 
Oh I wonder if @user is doing a booth in Northglenn for the 4th of July! Gotta make sure people know the POWER of POUTINE! lol YUM 
Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s 1st elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations to #Egypt! 
@user Love seeing you on Jersey Shore every Thursday! You are definitely my favorite! And you are a great mommy!! 
"Its my birthday tomorrow and it would make my day if @user would finally follow me! An add on PS4 would be awesome to, but I can't play):" 
@user @user imagine how good a Netflix with videos of Alonso and Pirlo passing would be. You may be on to something. 
I still want that Birthday Cake remix that I wanted on Saturday... 
Do you think setup on the Lexus favoured the 1st driver ??? @user @user 
I just got my vans for tomorrow:D yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that:D yay photo tomorrow<3 
#HappyBirthdayKendallSchmidt Hopefully tomorrow we can also get #BTRonPCAs trending! For Big Time Rush! BTR deserves it! 
@user @user tomorrow i'm going to buy the tickets of the concert in mexico city,obviously in the first line" 
@user KEY LARGO, FL!!! Yay just ur neighbor Lisa a sip n a hop away :) always watching #RHOM Thur’s!! 
C'mon @user let's make it a Seth Rollins statue on a pole match at Night of Champions. #StingVsRollins 
David Wright really showed up in the 7th inning of the @user win today. Had the go-ahead RBI and a crucial run scored. Easy guy to root for. 
In bed in Plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays - home tomorrow. Had fun meeting @user and @user but time for home :( 
@user Marni!  I thought that it was you. It's Roula!!  Good luck tomorrow. 
Are you guys ready for Brock Lesnar to return on Monday Night Raw?!?! Too bad I already wore his shirt last Monday. I gotta wash it soon. 
Can already feel the Dustin Johnson tilt and it's only Monday 
Fun night for everyone that remembered the concert.. Right Derek? @ 1st Luthern Eric Church 
SUNDAY ANNOUNCEMENTS FROM THE YOUTHS  1.youths want to thank Elder Opit and experts from USAID for the wonderful... 
Email from Amazon this morning tells me the new @user book will arrive on Tuesday!  Looking forward to the #narrative on #science 
Enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of #technogymvillage in Cesena, Italy. Workouts for attendees tomorrow. 
"Paul Dunne is going to be so nervous tomorrow, awesome he's in that position though. Hope he has a chance to win late tomorrow!" 
@user @user AV has 11 offensive rebounds with 4 minutes left in the 3rd. That’s a good month for Brook Lopez. 
"Motivational Monday quote: ""If you're presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything."" - Katy Perry." 
Your #Saturday #Satisfaction with Michael Jackson - You are not alone (radio edit) #zaterdag #samedi 
@user I saw the Foo Fighters for the 6th time last Saturday.. What's your favorite Foo album??? 
Tonight don't miss @user @user and Thursday night @user for the Splash Dance pool party 
@user Check out this video with Brian May, Elton, Stevie, etc. 4 CHILDREN IN NEED! Fabulous!   XO 
can you believe it's the 13th and I still have unopened bags of Halloween candy??? 
I'm super excited for the Sam Smith concert tomorrow though! 
@user photo of the press gaggle with @user after Thursday's practice...that's me in the Grateful Dead shirt. 
Thank you Kerry @user hope we see you Friday in Grapevine Tx for the @user DFW 9/11 Memorial Run 
Apple announcement event just starting... #apple 
@user Happy Birthday, I'm beating you on 2K when I get my PS4 tomorrow This will be your present." 
Personally handing Jay-Z jerseys may be the highlight of my New York existence. First time I've been star struck. 
@user Happy birthday may you watch batman and robin all day 
"Replaying WWE July 13.  If i was J&amp;J securities, i would never try to mess with Brock Lesnar. He's cool. Omg" 
French pressed cup of verve's Los naranjos with a bit of Hank Williams. Good morning! 
Blue Monday and Like a Rolling Stone are the best songs to repeat how does it feel a bunch of times 
In the words of Chris Evans. T F I Friday....... #WeAreCARTERS &amp; tonight we party. FREE ENTRY* | FREE SHOTS 
@user surprise, surprise! Barca has the upperhand, but it seems Malaga has their 12th man, the ref is so bias. #CampNou #FCBMalaga 
"Saturday Social at Phoenix Bar is the SPOT to hit in the EV if you want a FUN, GAY, DANCE PARTY! Holly Dae and I... 
@user Cool shot from Austin City Limits Festival on Saturday with @user and skrillex #JackU #repost 
Watching last night’s #redeye - the @user hipster may just be the greatest character since Stevie on Eastbound & Down! 
"Just watched """"Our Idiot Brother"""" for the 1st time.. Definitely a good movie. Paul Rudd is hilarious. Better than Adam Sandler @user 
@user I'm going to the White Sox game on Labor Day. 110pm start. Free tshirt Monday!!! 
I attended Tulo's final game in a Rockies uniform tonight. And witnessed a Kris Bryant walk-off homer. Not a bad Monday. 
The Chris Brown and Ed Sheerhan performance of Loyal in Vegas , may have been the best video I've seen 
There is still time to take advantage of some of the best post Labor Day deals in market. #savemoney 
Recognise this projecting clock? You may have seen it in Harry Potter! #SpotClock 
I want to have a Friday night like Katy Perry's song Last Friday Night 
There is an emoji app with Kanye West emoji's called Yemoji i may or may not have downloaded it 
@user haha I duno=p I'll try to save heaps but Mum said shed go halves and get me an iPad for my 21st but I said I want money hah 
Wednesday night pong winners receive Snoop Dogg concert tickets tonight and cash! Only at Bar Down Sports Bar and... 
Nirvana on the radio. Happy Tuesday 
I expect to see news about a 32GB iPhone when I wake up tomorrow. 
Just watched The Campaign with Will Ferrell and Zack Galafianakis... Good fun for a Wednesday. #Hilarious 
When you summer has been so wild that the highlight is going to see the Paper Towns tomorrow 
Kim Kardashian's 'Kimoji' app broke the App Store: Kim launched Kimoji's Monday -- Kim-themed emojis -- and the response was crazy. 
Hey happy Friday!!! Today T&amp;P will be giving away a pair of tickets to the Zac Brown Band's August 7th show at... 
Tooooo excited!! Foo Fighters tonight then Cali tomorrow night eeeeeeeeeeee!!!! 
"Great trip to Nashville, including drinks and shop talk with @user tonight! Headed to speak at Ole Miss sports law symposium tomorrow." 
@user your work on Minecraft appeases the great one. May he rain catnip and milk upon you! @user 
@user @user DE LABORE SOLIS = He is the last Pope for the Prophecy ! The Sun &amp; OUR Gods come back ! 
@user same here!! The funny thing is that i saw Rih exactly one year ago! On the loud tour november 1 2011 :) 
@user Fuck Rusko lol. Laidback Luke is here in El Paso on Friday, I could go since I'm so close! Haha, but I'm going home Friday." 
They are truly changing the world One Life At A Time. If you’re in Mesa, AZ tomorrow come join me and my friend @user for a fun night! 
Good morning neighbors... Tomorrow  is National Hot Dog Day.  Here are some fun facts about hot dogs.  It is an... 
Kendrick Lamar released Black Friday approximately 6 days ago I have listened to it precisely 10485839193847 times since then 
"When Chuck Norris decides to wake, he makes the sun rise." 
Justin #Bieber justinbieber: Who is coming tomorrow for the free show in Nyc!?...: justinbieber: Who is coming... 
Music you may not know: #37 The Vaselines. Kurt Cobain loved them and so do we #CLICrecs 
Can't wait til my Texans play Mario Williams and the Bills Sunday. 
@user great pic of both of you! How time flies, eh? Bangs, all girls do bangs . Paul McCartney's 1st GF set the rage rage 4 bangs" 
@user that could be the turning point in the series. Not just the game......the series. With Verlander pitching Thursday..... 
"442- my brother in Islam, may Allah make the trials of being a revert in this world easy on you. Much love for you" 
@user Yes!!!! Lol. I think Andy mentioned her on the July 12th show and Audrey actually mentioned him on Big Brother too lol. Loves him. 
Great op-ed on millennials hardship vs baby boomer nirvana - Let's give all the op-ed writers a trophy!  #WoeIsMe 
Silent House was decent...now time to watch #Advengers for the 2nd time. Got a #lowkey crush on Iron Man & Thor 
"Have never been happier to be home with heat, cable and Internet. See ya on Sunday BW" 
Happy 2nd birthday prince George wouldnt want to share my 50th birthday today with anyone else #proud x 
Like legit though, if it was running OS X, it would be a sick product. But since it's running IOS you may as well get a retina 13" 
Pancakes for a dollar tomorrow at Ihop... you're welcome 
1st Major League HR for Jose Iglesias extends the Sox lead to 4-1 in the top of the 9th. 
@user a happy awesome 22nd birthday to you from all the Rushers in Malaysia!!!! have a blast!!! <3 Malaysian Rushers... 
I’m all for 2nd Amendment rights but it would be nice to make Machine Gun Kelly illegal 
Need Your Love So Bad by Fleetwood Mac is #nowplaying in The Sun, Lancaster.  Download it now at 
Just got Madonna tickets for the 2nd night at MSG for myself and  Matthew Carl-Brucker Toles.....  which means 4... 
"Seth Rollins' 1st Superstar to hold both World+US Title, but will he be the 1st to retain both titles in the same night?? #NightOfChampions" 
@user morning all. How about some Bob Marley vs funkstardlx "sun is shining" for myself and @user heading to sandyford. Thanks 
you know what would be pretty funny? if NZ lost the first game against tonga tomorrow lol 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day and @user will have $1 Big Bites!  Get you a wiener!  #NationalHotDogDay #BigBite #7Eleven #wieners 
So here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from San Fran #americascup world series. Watch it Fri 0930 on SS4... 
This is well said. Hulk Hogan is the greatest of all time. The overreaction by WWE is total insanity. 
"Elevate tomorrow is going to go offff! Make sure you are there to party with us! 7pm, WGC, @user preaching. BOOOY. #cityswag" 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! Get out on the town and treat yourself to a few of Houston's best dogs--http://t.co/3MYwZvtMW5 #HotDogDay 
"3rd times a charm" -@KamrynjGunnes after seeing Magic Mike XXL for the third time 
Amazon Prime Day, July 15th All Day, One Day Only Lots of good deals, check it out #happyprimeday... 
Big joe keeping it littt 'I will beat Conor McGregor' declares Donegal man Joseph Duffy / Sunday World 
@user She sat there this morning when Levi picked up her shirt and then lifted her paw to show she wanted to wear it today lol. 
@user @user See Ya Tomorrow Night Ms Jackson. My first show from the amazingly sweet and talented Janet Jackson 
@user We as Christians may loose many battles but Christ has already won the war and in the end we all win and our inheritance awaits 
best believe I'll be going to Disneyland every week starting the 11th I love Halloween time 
@user to be honest, I'd let Murray run it every time, even on 4th and 35, than let Trey throw." 
"fuck everything, i will go see Paper Towns tomorrow and nobody can ruin my day" 
U gotta love the Rahul Gandhi Afternoons. So much fun. Wonder why they don't make him speak on Monday...will help getting over Monday blues 
Frank Gifford called 411 games in the history of Monday Night Football. This is the most MNF broadcast history. 
@user I want to spend late nights with you and listen to Ed Sheeran with you and talk with you about everything under the sun 
hypothetically, if I was to come over to Cali in December to see friends/ go see Grateful Dead &amp; John Mayer live, would anyone come with me? 
"Since tomorrow is NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY, I wanted to share with you guys that Frank Meats Patty will be having $1... 
Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday is prolly the nicest thing he's done recently 
"""""Happy Valentines Day"""" lulwhuuuut? I guess it is February weather though..." 
Jeremy Lin has 10 points and 4 assists. He would be the 4th best pg on the Knicks. 
"Saturday Nov 17th, 2012 Q Bar and Grill is the Place to be!  UFC 90's Event with Special Guests:  DJ BOBBY D... 
In the crib singing Mariah Carey as usual and everyone's tight and idc, I got the Monday blues 
Looking to bring smiles on a Friday...  Did you see the envelope art for the Grateful Dead's 50th anniversary... 
Anderson Silva better fuck up Yushin Okami tonight. 
@user @user the 1st one is ok, rise of the silver surfer was terrible, but Chris Evans was hilarious &amp; great in both." 
@user Oh hey you’re in the same event as me for DECA on Monday. Prepare to get ass raped FYI. #justkidding #excitedthough 
Wish FIFA would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. Man Utd in relegation zone after 15 games and Aston Villa in 2nd. 
Nicki may have called Miley out but Miley's messages tonight were much more powerful than any performance at the VMAs 
"Fun Friday! Gobble Gobble .... (I know, it's not even Halloween yet!) 
Thor may want to pull back a little on working the calf muscles at the gym but otherwise....come to mama. #Purr 
I Like Iron Maiden (Rampe) racing tomorrow in the last heat at 280m Best of luck. Lets cheers him little bit!... 
Just read about the iPhone5 ... we can upgrade in November and I am definitely trading in my Thunderbolt for the new iPhone. #LoveMyMac :) 
Buses to replace train services on Sunday as fans flock to the National Bowl to see Foo Fighters | oneMK 
@user lol isa lng sulusyon jan.. VIKINGS! Mag sawa mga kapatid mo iba't iba food.. Vikings is the only buffet restaurant that i like 
@user  Could you please send me to Ed Sheeran September 20th at the ACC? He has inspired me and gotten me through tough times! 
Guess what everyone it is Thursday of a major so you guessed it Dustin Johnson is killing it -4 through 7 #hewillchokeonSunday 
Cate Blanchett to receive top honour at the 5th annual AACTA awards: 
Don't want to watch a scope of the #Apple Event livestream? Go directly to Apple site. 
Catching up on Big Brother since I didn't get to watch it Wednesday or Thursday! 
My Tarheels beat Virginia Tech! #TarheelNation Now it's time for my 2nd team to beat Texas! #MountaineerNation 
@user  i love love love your music you've worked really hard and you should come to Detroit:) and I was in Ontario today 
Thursday’s Top 5: One game, five great plays from an exciting night in the NBA on Thursday. 
"4rm Houston SuJu's the reason i like kpop bc its wat got my sister into kpop &amp; then me, so this is for my sis  
Go team Eagles!!!! Hope my boy is enjoying the Eagles 1st game :) 
"Best of luck to the 8th Grade CBC RUSH students on the Chapin C Team Football.  Let's go Caleb, Jarrett, and Shawn!  Praying for you guys!" 
Quite excited for the PL fixtures tomorrow, i’d love a North London Derby at WHL! 
"for our 1st date he took me on his motorbike, we got drunk and listened to Nirvana fuckin ace" 
Happy 4th Birthday to Mersey! Celebrating with a new squeaky ball... My ears are not celebrating. 
In rugby news, @user are winning 26-5 at Cobham, with the four-try bonus point in the bag. See The Monday Gazette for a full report. 
Ric Flair is also telling friends he may replace Hogan on #ToughEnough 
There's such thing as meals with Disney characters at Disneyland. Omg bestnya baby let's have our very own little 2nd birthday bash! 
"#NEW #UPDATE  Liam , Harry and Niall will celebrate Liam's 22nd birthday at Topgolf tonight!!" 
"Come out and join @user on December 15, 2012 at the Creative Alliance for a wonderful Christmas show and our DVD Release Party!!!" 
I have Zac Brown Band tickets for tomorrow night as well as Rascal Flatts for next Thursday on the beach in AC... Hit me up if interested!!! 
I love how the video came out august 21st. Zayn is always making his presence known. 
Kris Bryant's sac fly brings home Starlin Castro to make it 4-2 #Cubs in the 9th inning! #CubsTalk 
Interested in @user &amp; #AlisonUttley? I'll be talking about both this Saturday in Chelsea. @user 
Nintendo celebrates Mario's 30th Anniversary with Super Mario Maker. Quite possibly the best reason to own a... 
Selling 2 upper box tickets for the Sam Smith show this November. Hit me up if anyone's interested. 
@user down in the Atlantic city, ventnor, margate, ocean city area. I'm just waiting for the coordinator to hopefully call me tomorrow" 
Yay tomorrow I’ll be going to Putrajaya for a walk. Woweee. 
"I love the banner that was unfurled in the United end last night. It read: ""Chelsea - Standing up against racism since Sunday""" 
Seen girls crying for Beyonce, crazy. But when March Madness is played I might do the same tomorrow 
Don't miss the The Vamps at Sheffield Arena on Apr 14-15! 
Conor told Dana White that he'd knock Aldo out in the 1st minute... He did it. Wow. 
"I don't really know when I started to be interested with U2's music, but I can say that Original Of The Species was the 1st U2 song I liked." 
RT @user Be sure to catch former Owl football player Lestar Jean on ESPN's Monday Night Football tonight at 8 p.m. with Hous ... 
If you can't watch Apple's video stream, follow the news in @user live blog: Did somebody say "rose gold iPhones"? 
@user like tomorrow if Dana white tweeted what a glory fan he is, these same people would come running so hard they'd faceplant" 
"Happy Thursday morning...It's the last day to register to win Luke Bryan tickets....and Zac Brown Band ""win 'em... 
Australian Directioners! iGo One Direction (iCarly) is premiering on Nickelodeon the 24th of July at 4:30pm. (: how exciting! x 
Anyone going to the Eric Church concert on Saturday? 
Sunday night is Chilis night in the Turner house lol 
Can't wait until April 4th.  Red Sox opening day at Cleveland. April 11th they open at home versus Baltimore. #RedSox 
Reading @user prelude to tomorrow's Apple event, can't help but think @user is the new WSJ, Bloomberg, or NYT re: iPad news. 
Wishing everyone a happy Saturday. Our song for today is....  Bee Gees with I Could Not Love You More 
Saturday Sapt. 8 Saints end of summer birthday bash. Cookout n some brewskies. Then it's time to start planning our infamous Winter Jam! 
"Good morning, Nerds. For good or bad, for the best or the worst: Today is STAR WARS Day! May the force be with you." 
Remember when Game Of Thrones was on TV in SA the same time as in America? Forget the poverty we were a 1st world country for those 10 weeks 
I hope I can get a ticket to the #1D concert in Belgium!!!You can’t order them till Saturday!Pfff...:s 
"Finally. After waiting for SOOOOO LOOOONG. Paper Towns is out, even though it's still midnight (normal sched probably starts on Thursday)" 
@user serge is amazing... like hes actually a god the lanky sex god... i saw kasabian and noel together in august. it was amazing. 
Thanks for everyone who came out for day 2 of World Music Festival! we’ll see you tomorrow at 10am for a global grooves dance party 
Best part of getting to the office first = choosing Friday tunes. (S/O to Mariah Carey.) 
Rui En should be 1st lead. confirm. She is good eh. I like her scene with her niece and yangyang. chemistry damn good. 
@user hahaha.... Rest assured it will be something big on Tuesday in Putrajaya 
"At his press conference tonight, Brian Kelly said Eilar Hardy may be allowed to return to the team after the bye week." 
"So next Wednesday, as well as being Star Wars day, will also be the day the last episode of Peep Show airs. What a day it will be." 
Enjoyed taking leigha on the train to the top of mount Snowdon sat 
On this Friday morning, as I await news of my fate, I want you all to know that Turbo Lover is my favourite Judas Priest song. 
I hope I meet the boys on Saturday &amp; I hope Niall follows me &amp; @user &amp; @user !!!!! 
Meeting for the 27th time as professionals (and 5000th+ time overall) Serena and Venus Williams faced-off... 
Harry Potter marathon w/ @user &amp; @user = watching the 1st one, then straight to the 5th one, then Jurassic World HAHAHA 
@user best moment of the night Melissa McCarthy I am trying to find the clip to write about it on my website...big fan of u both 
No surprise: Dustin Johnson had a strong 1st rd Thursday at PGA Championship. Can he sustain it through weekend? 
Nicki is the most talked about tonight and will be tomorrow. No doubt! 
Whitey Anderson was a thoroughly deserving winner of the NIFWA Manager of the Month even before Saturday. When will he walk Lough Erne? 
We beat Red Sox 3-1. Let's win the series tomorrow afternoon. #MLB. #Yankees. 
OH SNAP! Another Sunday Pool Party at Shore Club in Miami with Ryan Morales, Jason Vernau and Ollie Sanders!!! We’ll see you out there! 
@user Why. Do you really want the Falcons to go to Chicago in Jan for the NFC Championship game. GO LIONS. 
Amazing opportunity to get to take class with Ballet West Principal Dancer Christopher Ruud next Wednesday... 
"Just found out my bro @user is going to be on ESPN2 Sat night for the Neb game!! Sad I can't see it, so you should watch it:) #bigdebute" 
 Any Joey fans that want a cover for all NNS wins may take this. 
@user Thanks! I still have M with me. She goes back to Mother's Day Out on the 6th. 
Kira the 1st person to send me a Veteran Day text she just made me feel proud 
Little Monday morning inspiration from Bob Marley. "Possession make you rich? I don't have that type of richness" 
One of the classic rivalries from the EPL era is renewed on Sunday when MANCHESTER UTD and Newcastle Utd meet at St James Park! #mufc #glory 
Happy sabbath day to Christians all over the world from tomorrow Saturday to Sunday 
I can’t wait til Saturday! I’ll be there 4 the pregame show tomorrow,i love college gameday &I’m glad Gameday is here at LSU!! GEAUX TIGERS! 
"We're good friends. - Chris Evans on the show Jimmy Kimmel, November 25 
The Cure - Friday I'm In Love: . There are also great songs with Friday in the title not just that Rebecca Black shit 
This pope is so cool I may just remake my MySpace so I can add him to my top 8 
wed night 7pm pacific join the The BLAST! live right here on FB as we have the founder's of the IOS app Kander on... 
"Mar 25 to Aug 25 zquad faced many problems,got hate,zroughts. Still this fam always stood up for Zayn. Proud. Pass it on" 
#wallofcow the box office won't measure the impact Paper Towns has had. I saw it again sunday and it holds up over time ;) 
This may be the best Sharknado of all Sharknado's ! Loving #Sharknado3 
Did Justin ever just sat there and thought: "oh...I'm really talented" 
Labor Day might be over, but festivals are still going on, including the 22nd annual East Troy Bluegrass Festival... 
Emile Heskey scores a bicycle kick (2nd goal) for Newcastle Jets v Melbourne Victory!!! --- What the ? How the ? Why... 
Tony Blair  was the best Prime Minister  and the best Labour Leader .God Bless him and long may he live. 
Over the last few months, I’ve really gotten to get a better knowledge of Mitt Romney. He may not be Rick Santorum, but he still has my vote 
Shouts out to big @user It's his 16th birthday today! Trosk is the best baseball player since Kenny Lofton! 
I hope when I have a son he's as cute as Prince George. Happy 2nd birthday you cutie! 
@user Gary Ablett has to be a #Monty surely. A lot of losses, but clearly best and most influential player in the #AFL #Jobe & Thommo 2nd 
Time to dust off the @user #STFD shirt!  FINALLY get to see Batman pitch at PNC.  See you Thursday, @user and @user 
@user I'm going to queen Mary today but tomorrow I can!!:D 
MayorOfLondon: Join in tomorrow at the exciting London Children’s Book Swap events for families who love to read #LD... 
Next Friday is our #MovieOnTheLawn with Jurassic World! Bring the fam! We have fun games to play and popcorn! 
No worries it’s goin down Friday night club VISIONS.! Greensboro NC.! 
Good comeback from Paul Dunne. Birdie on 5th and he's back to square today. Solid mental achievement. #TheOpen 
i just watched sting fucking rek seth on monday night raw im so happy even that girl rekt him fuck seth rollins man 
Master Gardeners are at the Fall Home & Garden Show through Sunday at the Expo Center! Come see us! 
"S/o to the ones taking their OGT tomorrow, stay focused & get that bitch passed." 
Tomorrow is the ELVIS EXTRAVAGANZA! Tune in to 97.1FM at 11am for all the Elvis Presley you can handle.  It's gonna be rockin'. 
"Im seeing the Foo Fighters tomorrow night, Holly is returning on Sunday! Monday night has a lot to live up to." 
The official hashtag for the Arsenal vs Hull game tomorrow is #ARSHULL. Lolz 
"Cate Blanchett in the Marvel universe? Oh, we would LOVE this. 
Girl at the Dunkin drive thru window just started crying as she handed me my drink.... Happy Friday! 
Frightening tales in the dark dried off in the sun in the style of David Bowie. I am now filthy rich. 
Still in awe that I'm going to see Sam Smith tomorrow... Counting down the hours 
Friday afternoon trip to the mega liquor store is about as close to nirvana as a 30-something guy can get 
If Airbnb is good enough for Mariah Carey, It may be good enough for you.  $25 Travel Coupon 
"Hey guys, guess what!? I'm back at The Lair on January 19th, it's going to be bigger and better!! Tickets go on sale next Friday! Xx" 
Thank you to @user and @user  for signing my jets football today i really appreciate it you guys are class acts! 
@user I heard """"baggage claim"""" yesterday in Nebraska!! Ready to get it on iTunes!!!" 
I love Tom Boonen. Forget the whole birth/citizen issue. I might just write him in for president in November.  
Birmingham bounce: YouGov on Fri and Sun and now @user today all put the Tories ahead 
Dude...... I'm going to see FRANK OCEAN NEXT SATURDAY. IN 6 FREAKING DAYS. I'M LOSING MY SHIT RN 
Red Sox may not be good but I can enjoy them beating the Yankees 
Happy Friday! Ed Sheeran just played on the radio and it made my day! Hope everyone has a great day! 
@user this tweet is from Jan, in reference to Charlie Hebdo. he's still an absolute helmet though" 
@user its the dogs, ye its amazing and defo go to a barca game, the 1st footie game ive enjoyed in years 
PUMPED! MT @user Tina Fey & Amy Poehler will host the 70th Golden Globe Awards in Jan &, for once, I may care about an awards show! 
Never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow......tomorrow never comes....if it means anything to U, ACT NOW! #getafterit 
What would complete my Sunday: The Patriots winning and the bumblebees(steelers) losing. :) 
December 12th cant come fast enough. Conor McGregor is gonna put Jose Aldo where he needs to be.. Out of championship contention. 
On the bright side, looking forward to Cambridge City away in the FA Cup tomorrow night, should be a laugh! #mkdons 
All though Federer will probably obliterate the 4th quarter I think Gasquet 200/1 looks big #usopen 
myB get able for a crimson debut with their 2nd symbol teaser! | Oh! Kpop stars celebrity news... 
"Travelling to Europe, Happy New Year: Rahul Gandhi: Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Monday tweeted that he will be travelling..." 
I love the Bee Gees version but I may love this one a little more. 
"Cate Blanchett to @user at #WITW: Woody Allen May not know what to do with your questions, but if you're sincere he might answer them" 
Adventures of Thor,  Bath Time. 2nd  children's book coming soon to Amazon. It's about a cute beagle and bath time. 
"Jersey Friday, Danny elfman, does it get any better? @user @user 
"I knew that Escobar attacks 1st pitches, so there you go, hit this one.. Thor is a real life hero. #LGM" 
@user Saw the @user #Firesuit commercial during the break, couldn't stop laughing. Saw it 1st at the Farmers display at LVMS." 
i honestly cant wait to get out of greensboro with @user  tomorrow! 
So Conor McGregor is ALREADY the favorite leading up to the fight in December. I feel the odds will fluctuate quite a bit! #UFC #UFC194 
"So hope that, at the 18th, Paul Dunne makes that classic walk, knowing his putt could win The Open. What a story..." 
Let's celebrate the days leading up to National Ice Cream Day on July 19 by eating ice cream. Then let's have a... 
I think I’m going to watch The Artist for the 5th time in 2 weeks 2nite before I got to sleep. <3 Jean Dujardin & his charming smile :D haha 
@user Now we want Dunkin' Donuts for breakfast. We may just have to get those tomorrow morning. Thanks for the (unintentional) suggestion! 
Congrats to the hard working @user on killing his Pro Day and shooting up to the 4th Round of the #NFLDraft! 
I have been watching Naruto for DAYS. Help me. Save me from the 4th Great Ninja War. 
@user appreciate it!  One more for you if I may; need to SIT 1: Garcon, Alfy, Asiata, Stacy" 
"Ten sports , Brock lesnar is win the fight.because he diserved it. ""BELIEVE THAT""#Raw sunday dhamal" 
Let's go for YOGA!   Every Sunday morning 9:00 - 10:00 at Buddha Mind Monastery!  Free &amp; open to the public. 
"The John Hancock building is lit up green, must be to celebrate that tomorrow is six months to St Patricks Day :) Let the countdown begin <3" 
Kerri will be helping out the families in Long Beach tomorrow.  If anyone has water, clothes, non perishables,... 
Nba is back !!!!’ My main man jj starting at the three for Sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow 
I hoped everyone celebrated National Hot Dog day on Thursday. It seemed everywhere I looked peeps were selling chili dogs. xD 
"Well, I've started reading Paper Towns. Which is great, because I'll have something to talk about in Social Studies tomorrow morning." 
@user yup, technology makes it feel like you are all right next door. In which case, come over tonight for some Terra Nova! #Kain" 
I really hope Apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iPhone 6S (9th Generation iPhone) 
The Heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that Game 5 is starting to look like the NBA All-Star Game. #NBAFinals 
Dunkin &amp; Buffy the vampire slayer with @user I think today is going to be a good Saturday. 
Ed Sheeran may be the only person alive who can preform like he does- how does that man have so much talent 
"I got my ticket to see Paul McCartney on the 31st, and I still can't believe this is happening #Lolla" 
Watch them tell you to bring ya whole family to the Beyonce concert. 
David Price does the #Tigers a favor in his 1st #BlueJays start. Jays W vs #Twins pulls Detroit 1/2 game closer 2 2nd WC. Now 3 gms back. 
Book now la cala this saturday is madonna tribute night back to the 80s m3ssanget and my dancers will will be... 
Friday is the day I have been waiting for since Thanksgiving break was over #yes 
"You're going to ban straight to DVD Disney movies? """"Aladdin 4: Jafar May Need Glasses"""" 1 or 2? Umm... Hahahah #FamilyGuy" 
Morning Twitterites! Goal: By 5pm Friday, want to see MSM report on Benghazi, and Obama below 42% in polls. HAMMER IT HOME, PATRIOTS! 
"Maybe I may design of the Akita person's site in late fall. Even if a planned stage, I'm glad related to Tohoku in Japan a little. #ICHIGONO" 
@user @user c'mon guys, break it up.Happy Labour Day xxx" 
Can't overstate the importance of Kris Bryant's walk-off HR after being swept over the weekend and blowing a 3R lead in the 9th tonight. 
@user Can't wait for them both! September is equally impressive with FFDP, Iron Maiden, Slayer, BMTH, and Parkway Drive! \m/" 
@user @user @user @user Levy left us short last season but Kane saved our season. This time you may see us drift. 
"NASCAR's Jimmie Johnson wins for 7th time at Dover: Johnson, Knaus and other crew members wore the wacky wig see... 
I just sat in the same spot for an hour &amp; a half straight watching Beyonce's performance from last night and I honestly have no shame 
Jerzy boy Janowicz over Murray! What is going on in Paris?! We’ll have a new Master’s 1000 winner. No big 4 past the 3rd round. 
"25-year-old Dallas Seavey wins Iditarod - Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race Tuesday, becoming ... 
@user I think I’ll go to Thalia tomorrow and look for TLOS and then I’ll buy it again and be happy :) 
Ahhhh! Loving this new IC Champion! Wish I could see it happen this Friday. ): Crossing my fingers that he has a match at Summerslam! 
March 1st is National Bieber Day ! Haterz u mad? Stay mad. Haterz gon hate. We love the Biebs <3 
Another heated game tonight between NSC Minnesota and FC Tampa Bay. be sure to make your predictions! Week 23 is already up. 
fashion against aids H&M released tomorrow online..I want that aztec print jacket..so not me but so colourful! 
"https://t.co/bq9X0jmBqb LIST: Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift, the Weeknd up for top Grammys 
Looks like I am going to see my phins at Gillette on Oct 29th and MetLife on November 29th with #MetLifeTakeover 
Have the privilege to ride DOD sponsored float in January 1 Rose Parade in Pasadena, California! 
Moving out by January and buying a new Lexus, I'm excited! I just want to better myself 
Just seen this picture from Saturday at Foo Fighters. Minions ALWAYS make me think of @user 
Wear Blue &amp; White tomorrow at SCHOOL &amp; the Homecoming Football Game! Let's show our A+ visitors and Alumnis our school spirit! #tpride 
Saturday night we welcome Grateful Dead tribute band DeadEye onstage with two sets starting at 7:00! As always at... 
OK I guess I will go see Emmylou Harris play her album ’Wrecking Ball’ on Wednesday and so maybe you should also come: 
Congrats to our @user athletes for coming in 13th OVERALL with 18 Medals! 3rd best we've EVER done in Summer Olympics! 
#Ckt #update Pakistan hopeful of Bangladesh visit: Pakistan’s cricket board said Sunday it hopes to... from #Shariq 
"Ant-Man feels like a rough 1st draft of the Marvel universe (namely Iron Man) which it probably was, considering it's where it all started." 
Social media boosts vintage cars: New York - David Beckham may have more of an influence on you than you think... 
@user I was just sat watching The Big Bang Theory when an advert comes on about you :D I actually screamed and scared my family..LOVE YA! 
Congrats to Trey Haley, Shawn Armstrong (@SArmstrong90), and Alex Monsalve for being named to the AFL’s Rising Stars team. Game is Sat @ 8pm 
Some RI cycling. Some Red Sox baseball. Some @user storytime on the bike. What's not to love?! 
I’m taking the SAT at Bob Jones. lol I feel cool. 
Nothing against ECL and ISAT, but it sure is nice being in my own apartment for work. Will be even nicer tomorrow when I set up the desktop! 
CNET Update - Amazon may be cooking up a $50 tablet  Oh My God! Welcome back @user I missed you so much!! 
Last day at Dunkin tomorrow! 
#catherinebelll I watched good witch for the 1st time.  what a wonderful show.  I’ve seen all ur JAG and Army Wives.  Ur fan  Ara 
"That's game.  Falcons fall to Hogan 55-21.  See you at Homecoming next Saturday at the Horn, 1:00." 
"Monday Morning Laugh! My mom sent me this and said she did this to us once, just for fun """"I ate your Halloween Candy""""" 
@user Must be time for a Linemans feast! At Dunkin at closing to feed the team tomorrow! #LancerFamily 
Schreier Financial Services in Orange City will offer services through Metlife. See the August 24 edition. 
@user so excited to meet and see you perform at Westfield Parramatta tomorrow 
Chris Evans looks SMOKING HOT on the cover of Elle Men Thailand June issue  
_Akbota_ : Today I want to start watching 3rd season of Hannibal download here [link removed] 
If Kris Bryant becomes Chris Davis are #Cubs fans mad? I would take that. Davis this season 6th in homers leads the AL in RBI. 
Sat trying to #blog finally, and Fleetwood Mac comes on. Sign today is going to be a good day, and I'm NOT missing out on the #Valpo sun... 
Let our Nov.6 vote be in Andrew Breitbart’s name.  Let’s show he DID NOT die in vain!   A vote for Romney=a vote for Andrew 
kurt cobain's solo album will be released november 6 alright ok ya i can dig it 
The two companies announced a partnership Monday aimed at making iOS devices and apps more compatible with... #FF 
@user we were discussing lugging those around and the glorious click of classic IBM mechanical keyboards at after work drinks Friday 
Are you ready? Samsung's Galaxy Note offiically available August 21st! 
Me: What's the date? Bank teller: The 4th.  Me: Oh right, duh, it's Beyonce's birthday today.  Bank teller: ..... 
Tune-in to @user tomorrow. I'm sitting down with GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush. 
Arrived at the 2015 World Expo in Milan. Visited the Slovenia pavilion   Such nice people. Be in country Monday! 
Tomorrow in #BurgessHill Bring your testers down to CEF, RH15 9TT for a Calibration day with Kerry. Competitive prices and same day service 
A SO to @user for the most amazing night @user Eric Church and then theafter party. Tomorrow @user and @user 
Looking fowrard to kaman returning this saturday when Mavs face the Bobcats! #MavsNation #GOMAVS 
Twentyonepilots sat dead faced behind Kanye West dancing is the funniest thing to happen all year 
Last episode of the league on netflix..then its new episodes on FX tomorrow 
"15-30 on Murray's serve, but the Scot more up than down finally and grabs the hold of serve with a couple of aces.  Andy up 4-3* 3rd set." 
Good Friday morning. This city is changing. Are you with it? #300MenMarch @user @user @user @user @user @user 
Dethklok, All That Remains, and Black Dahlia Murder in November? I can dig it! 
You can put it in the board!! Hell yes! White Sox lead 1-0 on Abreu's 24th of the season!! 
Watching Act of Valor. Looking forward to #ultimatfighterfridays next friday (: really think @user has the contract in the bag 
@user Looking forward to the London Grand Prix in July. Will the mens 100m be on the Friday or the Saturday? 
@user Fab WE Missy! Enjoy the @user Gala tomorrow and @user 's tribute to you. We are all so proud of you! xoxo 
"Now today is National Hot Dog Day, and you can also celebrate that here! Can we declare tomorrow Movie Theatre Day? 
Rainbow Mika is in SFV! Yes! Did my 1st project predict this when I had her beat Randy Orton for the WWE title to prove capcom a point? 
CODDYY!!!! I'm coming to see you at the Kirby center in Wilkes-Barre on December 9th! :) @user 
Literally just sat in my car and listened to Justin bieber for 34 minutes  It was the best 34 minutes of my day 
If you missed @user MRA on Tues it's back on 50 mins Pay attention cause there's a chance to hang out with HBK 
the best part about the Cubs winning is the free coffee at dunkin tomorrow 
1st of all I'm a big fan of @user &amp; @user Since early 2000 i was using Nokia &amp; I'm still using. it's easy to use and affordable 
"If Milan win the derby next Sunday absolute banger at my house, I PROMISE" 
Big day of sport tomorrow. United - Swansea, Roma - Juventus, Inter - Carpi, and the big one, Mayo - Dublin. 
Chris Brown comes sept 15th and tickets are only $40. They're not great seats but still...Someone should go with me 
"Of all the things I'm envious of when it comes to professional golfers, Dustin Johnson's strut walk may be at the top of the list." 
"Paul Dunne is playing lights out today at @user it would be awesome to see an amateur in contention coming down the stretch tomorrow" 
Beat the heat by taking advantage of National Ice Cream Day &amp; don't forget that #fundraising goes until July 31st. 
If your in Huntsville that Halloween discount is valid in person jus hit me up & you’ll get it tomorrow 
The new IPhone is expected to be unveiled today at 1pm. As well as a potential Apple TV. Watch it here #AppleEvent: 
@user hey babe :) I watched WWA film last saturday and it's amazing. You made me feel the same feelings I feel during the concert :)x 
I see John Cena going for his 16th Title!!!! #SummerSlam 
Rahul Dravid <3 You may not be in the National Team; But you are always in our National Anthem.   Like | Tag... 
"Since the live at Phoenix Comicon went well, Producer-san, Cameraman-san, and I are partying tomorrow." 
@user ...i hope they've left school by now !!...I'll bring the photos tomorrow night from bilbao..Der Der Der Der.i love you baby ! 
*****3rd daY******====*====I wish y0u a very haPpy Eid fr0m the c0re of my heart...  Eid-ul-fitar mubArak 
Murray does well to hold. 5-4 to Murray. Anderson to serve to stay in the 3rd set #USOpen 
I'm going to Disney world October 17  If you wanna come on down come on down! 
@user I thought your tribute to Frank Gifford was first class all around on Sunday. Thank you, Jason." 
Friday night home alone - it started Fleetwood Mac, it's gone Afghan Whigs. I'm nothing if not predictable 
"It really makes a woman happy to have almost 400$ in her paycheck, meaning she can spend at least 500 in Disney World. Leaving tomorrow!!!!" 
im so happy that danielle may be with louis bc then briana and her stupid family can stop acting like they entitlement and just hav the 
@user  sure ...keep calm and use google search engine ...may be one day you get what you are looking for :) 
Josh Hamilton' gonna hit a dramatic homer to clinch the second wild card over the Angels 
We will be walking in the Pride Parade on Saturday (parade starts at 1pm  at Foundry/Main St. Let us know if you... 
So the BBC gods have put an inspector calls on the schedule for Sunday so now I won't have to actually read it for English I can just watch 
Messi receives Golden Boot award: Recognizes Argentine star Lionel Messi on Monday the Golden Boot Award as the ... 
@user I bought Rayman Legends just to have some simple fun. I can't wait for Nintendo to sink and become a 2nd/3rd party developer 
Cloud helps businesses, but moving to it introduces challenges. Overcome them @ IBM breakfast briefing on Sep 3. 
"I liked a @user video Foo Fighters, Aurora, Live, Milton Keynes Bowl, from the front, Saturday 5th" 
@user Good morning! Do you come up as North as Plant City for the shows? We will be at the Nov 17th show. 
Pre-order this super awesome Riot Fest shirt with all the bands on it as Chicago wards. We'd be in about the 5th... 
"Just sat here casually daydreaming about Norman Reedus, you know, as you do at 3:10 on a Wednesday afternoon! Love xxx @user 
David Wright goes down swinging on fourth AB. Had a couple nice looks. Just couldn't connect. He's at third to start the 8th. #Mets 
My 2nd time reading Hunger Games...but then I want to read Shoeless Joe badly. #dilemma 
@user He’s a true Niners fan, he brought it up in a interview during his 2nd season. :D 
"Well done to all the competitors of Ironman Wales. It's the taking part that counts!! A special congrats to my hubby, your 10th Ironman xxx" 
Galaxy Note 5 Event Scheduled for August 13:   It seems as though Samsung will be launching the Galaxy Note 5 ... 
@user ATE DANICA thank you so much you make may day happy ate pwede po ba makuha number mo ???? :)) 
Honestly August 5th is the day reserved for me to be at MetLife with my four boys and my best friends because that's when I'm the happiest 
Tomorrow night I'll be at Citi Field with the Zac Brown Band.  Anyone want to hook up a meet and greet for your... 
Tomorrow an Asian frien is going to cook for us and the we're going to the cinema to see Paper Towns. 
And that is why messi is the best in the world. Good game though. Now to wait till October 10. 
Rumourz - Tribute To Fleetwood Mac, Saturday, August 29, 7:30pm Free Admission! A preview is playing on the huge... 
Good luck to @user for his interview with Justin tomorrow! You will nail it! I'll be watching out from India x :) 
"Bit behind the times, but Sharknado may be the best thing I've ever seen. #comedygold" 
The Twilight Sad @ The Barras with some of the best folk on Saturday is gonna be something special 
Damian may be a better fighter one day but for now Jason is the best fighter &amp; he's got Batman's prep skil. 
"Gary Ablett wins the AFLPA MVP for the 4th time in his career. He should have started his speech with- ""Yeah, I’d... 
Pretty sure Kane will interfere on Sunday in the Taker/Lesnar match and Taker wins then they have a rubber match and Les nar wins. 
"""""May your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook""""- Will Ferrell" 
"So Calibraska which be fully released on the 24th! A whole week earlier, aren't we lucky!" 
If You Can’t Beat ’Em, Recruit ’Em ( #YHOO, AOL, GOOG, TWX, AAPL: Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) may have the biggest weapo... 
@user @user @user @user @user @user @user I can go to the HF game tomorrow. GO 
Just like in the 2nd, Federer breaks back. 
Sat here on my birthday listening to @user - would be great to get a shout out from you guys - Dave Grohl = Legend!!! 
@user Love the Iditarod! Used to do huge project when I taught 1st! Even went for start one year! Can’t wait to see what you did! 
"Veteran day is on the 11th, remember to thank a vet or soldier for the fact that you had the right to vote on Tuesday." 
This weekend Daylight Saving Time ends. Be sure to  set your clocks BACK one hour before going to bed on Saturday night. 
"So tomorrow when Calibraska comes out, everyone go get it and make it go to number 1! #CalibraskaEP" 
Went on a tour of the Basilica, where Michelangelo was buried. Going to the Sistine Chapel tomorrow. Pope is speaking there. 
Come on @user let's not give up on finishing 3rd for the Europa league 
Tomorrow is the release of the 20th Anniversary Kniteforce Boxset featuring many remixes including mine of Super Sunday! $92 at the store! 
So glad to be back in the big apple. Off tomorrow to Florida. #lookingfoward to a mini vacay #longoverdue 
"I loved Ice Cube's son's comments about people who didn't get that ""Bye Felisha"" originated from Friday @user 
Woke up and finished making meals for the day. Now watching Jurassic Park on TV. Couldn't ask for a better start to Sunday. 
Can't believe I'm seeing the Foo Fighters on Sunday.. How did I ever think it was okay to miss it 
"Finally, after almost 30 hours, Mass Effect 2 is in the books. Time for 4 hours of sleep, 12 hours of work, and starting ME3 tomorrow." 
not sleeping till i see nicki first day of school tomorrow but i gotta see her #vmas #VMA2015 
"Oct 17 WuLords performing live!! @ Frankie's in Squirrel Hill. if you love hip hop, you gotta be there! The Saga Continues..." 
"Grades come out tomorrow #soexcited 
"#Happy birthday Yakub, may God make you human next time.." 
Looks like I have a 1/3 shot at getting tickets to the Pope's Mass. So if anyone isn't busy at 12EST tomorrow, I'd appreciate some help. 
Another great preview from the new IRON MAIDEN album THE BOOK OF SOULS \m/ OUT SEPTEMBER 4th 
"=) """"@keeyatami: I get LOVESTRUCK with Deniesse and Slater. Swear. They look cute. Plus I can relate to Deniesse pacute to her crush, Slater""""" 
#AttackOnTitan Mikasa cosplay count=4 #Ghostbusters cosplay is well represented for 30th anniversary of the movie. Wow.  30 years. 
"If I see anyone I know tomorrow at school, I'm just gonna run up to them and yell ""JOHN CENA""" 
"Modi's speech in the US may be a good medicine for CMs too, even if they are from rival parties-capt. Gopinath 
"Praying for 1st and 2nd wave of leaders going to the """"X Factor"""" Leadership Retreat tomorrow! Counting down till I join u all Friday #impact" 
Just booked tickets to go and see Paper Towns on Monday after work with my girl! Film looks so good! Here's hoping it's as good as the film! 
@user tomorrow I’m making the journey to Selma to celebrate pastor appreciation day/nanny’s birthday. Better see you there 
Going to see Jurassic World late tomorrow night! It will be worth it!! 
@user We can’t wait to see what the cast members at Capt. EO do when they see me tomorrow in my costume. 
C'mon Lexus! I believe in you! "Lexus will show its hoverboard in action on August 5th" #tech 
"#3DT Make sure you find your self at the """"S.E.C"""" THiS Thursday for $3 Thursdays!!! $3 w/ College ID $5 w/ Reg. ID til 11pm!!! #iParty" 
Labor Day is a glorious holiday because children go back to school the next day. It may as well have been call... 
"Finally wrapped up shooting in Vegas, time for a good night on the town :)" 
@user I think you guys are a little excited. National hot dog day is July 23rd. 
They may not be the best looking of Preds but they sure are comfy and snug!! Worth it plus swag colours! 
Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch, but Sunday Cena will make Rollins his.   Wow #RAW 
"may just have had the sweetest dates ever (wish i was talking about guys, but no) Eid treats are the best." 
Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s 1st elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations to Egypt! :) 
@user Lmaooo that’s def in Ajax. I guess I’ll give it to ya in December :) 
Seth Rollins becomes the 3rd man in history (Goldberg &amp; Booker T) to hold both World Championship &amp; United States Championship #SummerSlam 
@user did you see Carly Fiorina is in 5th in Iowa, 2 pts out of second? Maybe the non Top 10 still had a shot?" 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day!   We will have SUPERCold Science Shows at 2:00 &amp; 4:00pm with samples of Liquid... 
@user FYI, my other favorite book in that series is the 4th. Oracle's Moon. The beginning hits me SO HARD every time. 
"Dana White may very well have the world's best piece of furniture. ""Any questions?"" Nope. We're good here. 
"Today, we FINALLY beat Dark Souls!!! Long stream tomorrow, #StarWarsBattlefront #Quiplash #WorldOfWarcraft are on the line up for tomorrow:)" 
Dashboard will always be the best.. like them since 6th grade before all the lame followers 
I’m very excited to announce that I’ll be opening for the amazing @user again this coming Tuesday at Irving Plaza NYC! 
gonna lay out in the sun and listen to CALIBRASKA all day 
So tune in around 8pm Pacific for more Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate action with Subs and Mods &lt;3 then monday - with viewers! #MenuLive 
@user Hulk, would you be interesting in coming on my show on ESPN 1040 Tampa Bay one Sunday to chat?" 
hmmm..thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery. #311Day2012 in Vegas AND #311Cruise in May...decisions to be made! 
"#JessicaJones brilliant show, just watched 1st episode, can't believe its still the same universe as Thor, Guardians Of The Galaxy &amp; IronMan" 
Awesome acapella version of Bob Marley's 'Could you be loved' to brighten everyone's Thursday morning! :D 
@user Will do!  Hope you'll check out my 1st feature @user on iTunes and Amazon Prime! 
Kick-off your weekend with service! EV!’s Get on the Bus trip to the Boys & Girls Club is Friday from 3-6! Hope to see you there :) 
@user @user You have to put it on your Easter list: Release date is April 5th 2016. You can preorder on Amazon. 
Sneaky Pete on Amazon Prime! Loved the 1st episode! #sneakypete 
@user praying for you and your beautiful family!! May Frank Gifford rest in peace. 
Remus Lupin is the best Harry Potter charater in my mind 
Happy Veteran day....may God continue 2 Bless all current &amp; former Vets. Thank you 4 all you do/done! 
@user I think Thor is B-list like Kriss said b/c he's probably one of the 1st names you know if you read comics, but otherwise no idea" 
@user are you going to be at Metlife tomorrow? ? 
Kanye west may be a conceited son of a bitch but he's still one of the best rappers of all time 
"RIP Frank Gifford one of the all time greatest Giants and a mainstay on Monday Night Football for years, #FrankGifford" 
Im going to see AC/DC with my dad Thurs night and I only know thunderstruck bc when I played boys hockey we were thunder aka it was our song 
I want it to be tomorrow so I can watch miss USA 
"On the 14th anniversary of Aaliyah's passing, Janet Jackson shared a personal message 
@user Remember thinking it was indicative in March 2003: brilliant v Juve midweek, struggled v Bolton on Saturday. Great player tho" 
Group D looks pretty intense with Borussia Mon, Juventus, Man City &amp; Sevilla! 
@user Thank you! If one of the rabbis on campus can come by today with Purim greetings, so can you! 
I can't believe I'm going to see Frank Ocean this Saturday yasss 
@user Have a great time tomorrow , and maybe can you come to Belgium ?! :D xx 
. Azhar Ali’s 157 vs England in the 2nd innings of the 3rd Test in Dubai wins best batting performance of the year by a Pakistani in Tests. 
Dustin Johnson back on top in 1st round of a major can he hold on this time 
@user True fact: Christianity based on a Man who wins by DYING. We call the day of His death Good Friday. 
#Trayvon My daily tweet (10-27) in memory of Trayvon Martin - killed 245 days ago ~May you Rest in Peace~ (We must never forget you.) 
@user Hope u have a great show tonight. Me & the Chi/IN girls are so excited to see you in London tomorrow! 
"Good Thursday morning, #Weatherhounds! Glad to see y'all survived the Sharknado outbreak more or less intact." 
Happy 2nd birthday Prince George @user We don't know if he's tried Hopster yet - but he can try it for free with promo G3ORG3! 
Bob Marley's "Stir it Up" in Birmingham from our gig on Saturday, enjoy&gt;&gt;&gt;  #BobMarley #Birmingham 
Working San Diego County Fair's main parking lot on 4th of July for the first time... Challenge Accepted... 
Football update    7pm Scrimmage game v JCM Tuesday night at USJ.   Rumor has it that Chuck Norris and Hulk Hogan will fight at halftime. 
@user Hi! I'm from BBC 5 live, did you watch lady chatterley on Sunday? We'd love to hear your thoughts. Follow me so I can DM you 
It should be settled in the minds of Christians that the Holy Scriptures are a spiritual light far brighter than the sun - Martin Luther 
"I'm going to an Angels game tomorrow, but I'm not a fan. It's a great thing David Price is pitching tho!!!" 
Love in the dark Black Friday (Kendrick) What's up Work Church  
"Wondering exactly how crowded Ghirardelli's is going to be today, being National Ice Cream Day and all. Over 4th of July w/e it was a zoo." 
Beautiful #Friday morning! Coffee and on the go to enjoy this! #HelloBlueSkies 
@user @user Hi Robert, Nokia may be best answering this but you could try and reset here. 
Finally made it back from French storms to Luton sun. And in time not just for acting debut 9pm but Jimmy McGovern on @user 215pm 
Psssst... Frank Ocean it's August 24th... you already know what point I'm getting at so just drop the album!!! 
Prediction for tomorrow: iPhone 6c, 6s and 6s+; a 12" iPad and a new Apple TV with touchscreen controller. #applegenius #stillnojobthough 
Finally got around to see Ant-Man and absolutely loved it. Nice way to cap off an eventful Saturday. 
RT @user Excited to interview the new cast of DWTS tonight for E News! They have no idea what their in for ;) 
@user Thank you. Suzanne Moore is debating Mehdi Hasan on this on Today at 8:45am tomorrow, so hopefully he'll have to listen..." 
New blog post: Top Five Things I Love and Will Miss about the Summer Olympics! 
Hanging out for the Summer Interested in more Google+ Office Hour Hangouts? We know you June 13, 2012  Cool Tech!!! 
Want to start reading Paper Towns tomorrow. My sister told me the movie was awesome! 
Don't forget #JagNation, Wednesday is #jagWEARwednesday! Show us your best #JagSwag and you could win a Nike t-shirt! 
Going to go see ant-man tomorrow hope it's good 
Big day tomorrow! RVC WBB get their National Championship rings and an exciting new era of MBB begins! Good luck @user and Coach Opat! 
I'm getting up at 6 tomorrow so I sticked in and out Hannibal after I realized next episode has the girl waiting under beds to murder people 
@user it would make me and @user 's night if you replied or retweeted us! ireland loves jersey shore!!! 
"""""Happy Valentines Day"""" awkward cuz its def not february 14th in the U.S...." 
"Bout to see Ant-Man, hope it's good!!! I'll report back tomorrow!" 
@user ....is @user going as that """"Upwards Kid"""" that he played so well on Sunday night??!! ....with his prop/friend, """"Adidas""""?" 
Ready for Juventus on Sunday at the stadio olimpico. Forza Roma #Roma2k15 @ As Roma Store Piazza Colonna 
CircoLoco at the best venue in London next Saturday! Excited. Tunnels wooo 
"Thank you Curtis! Because of you, more children in our community have the food they need. 
Either going as Kurt Cobain with needles all in my arms or Michael Jackson with the local little boys for rock &amp; roll day tomorrow 
I want Friday to come faster bc: Myself comes out 2.Im seeing Paper Towns again 3.My freakin' cute niece comes 
my manga phase started in 3rd grade with Naruto and honestly I don't think it's ended 
"So basically Benzema snubbed #MUFC &amp; finished 2nd in the #EPL to Ancelotti's #CFC, who also won the #FACup! 
Can I just go to Disneyland for my 21st or is that super lame lol 
Today we get the specs on the iPhone 6s. Will I be buying a Note 5 this Friday or pre ordering a 6s? Possibly both? 
It would be extremely funny if this was really a prank. I'm going to tell everyone it's for Dunkin' Donuts. 
"Someone runs the wrong route on 3rd and 8, but Andy Lee saves it with a MONSTER punt. Special teams to the rescue?" 
I'm gonna throw Bernie sanders a birthday party on Tuesday you're all invited 
Nathan, I'm still interested in working for you if a position is available. I know Rick Perry is our best choice. 
I mean I'm ok with watching randy Orton and Shia labeouf for 2nd period 
RSVP for the Annual Dinner closes this Monday! Be sure you register via the website ASAP :) 
omg apparently the song from the mobile contingent march in is from naruto..... 
Start your weekend with a roar at special IMAX showings of "Jurassic Park," opening tomorrow night! 
My plan for tomorrow's surprise day off is to finally see Ant-Man. 
@user Hi Jeanette just sitting having a coffee. Sunny day in the NE so far hope it is with you. Off to see Paper Towns tomorrow. 
I liked a @user video Ask the King Ep. 54: July 30, 2015 pt1 - Hogan/WWE Racism, Google+, Smark Guys, Game 
Snoop Dogg headlines Tribal Sessions tomorrow and he will be bringing some old school Hip Hop and summers vibes... 
"The day has finally come! Iron Maiden have released the first single from their upcoming 16th studio album, The... 
@user @user ""I have just one question... Are you ready?""  ""Ready for what?""  ""FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AS CHAMP JOHN CENA..""" 
@user don't know if you saw, but Simmons and Jalen's nba preview is out tomorrow. Which means Simmons is back!" 
@user you could come and see the show!!! I'm playing Maite!!!!!!! It's showcasing at Loyola from November 28th to December 2nd 
Pope Francis USA tshirts on sale for $10 to Mr. Hylka-room 219 by Thursday 3pm. These will be worn 9/23, the day the pope arrives in the US. 
So, I am gonna be going to a Minecraft tournament at SoPro games in Overland Park, Ks on Saturday, October 17 :D (Im gona rek sum nubes) 
Now I can understand why George Harrison wrote 'here comes the sun'. Sun after almost a month. Bangalore!!! 
@user I can wear a Black Dahlia Murder shirt one day, and a sun dress the next xD 
@user I love you Maria :* you have to text me tomorrow I have to tell you something, you might pee your pants , just a warning xoxox 
"Sunday night with Mariah Carey greatest hits album, several bottles of Heineken and okcupid...." 
@user Deathly Hallows Part II now become the 3rd High Grossing Movie in Worldwide All of time with $1.133M . Absolutely Amazing ! 
"Nirvana is heaven to the ancient hindu deities. They came to earth from Nirvana, the 6th planet in Orion really called Procyon." 
Coffee so strong it could stop a runaway NY train using pure grit if Doc Oc disabled the brakes &amp; OMG I THINK MY COFFEE MAY BE SPIDERMAN! 
Harry Redknapp 2nd favourite at 7/4 to be next blackburn boss!! venkys please make this happen!!!! #makeredknapparover 
@user Good morning Irene :) I love the tiger photies so much! Do you own them? 
Hulk Hogan overheard the news of Back in Black's 25th anniversary and did a double take to ensure it wasn't another leaked sex tape of his. 
Thanks, Dave! Great show tonight.  Sorry, Craig. I’ve got to get to bed. I’ll catch you tomorrow. @user  David Letterman 
"today while I was signing Thor's 2nd surgery contract, the TV was playing Supernatural's Fan Fiction episode. I had to stop signing just to" 
Happy Wednesday! Join us on Google+ today at 3pm Pacific to discuss Modesty with Dive into Worldbuilding! #Worldbuilddive 
@user oh that’s right Duels are tomorrow ha good luck to you and will 
"2012 May 29 | Cure Hemorrhoids - Ratitng: Check It, The Nice: -It&#39;s Unique: Unlike 85% of the products in Genera... 
New David Bowie single from the soon to be released BLACK STAR. Hey! I can't fuckin' wait(January 8th). Enjoy!... 
Apple has a recall on all 1st generation iPod Nano's, And will give you a 6th generation iPod Nano if you return the 1st generation one. 
Runrig tonight!! Cant wait. Then off to Oban to play in Coasters Bar with Murdo Ewen Cameron tomorrow night. Come along if you're free :) 
@user *as i sat and thought* i lied. Total Praise, Thank You, then the Winans joints 
"Cowboys are the 5th best team in the NFC behind Eagles, Packers, 49ers, Cardinals, &amp; Seahawks. I don't care if the beat them Sunday. #NFL" 
"Has spent a morning, admiring Beyonce! Now feel like I run the world!" 
@user Btw. If its ok. I mayb in touch 4 my Kelloggs. Meetin DINZ n 10th 2 sort it, bt shuld b deer n EID, velvet-chain, oppertunities" 
Cracking header by Adriano gives Milan the lead halfway through 2nd half #MilanEmpoli 
"YOU can be a 'Switch On Superstar'! Every Saturday,u get chance to turn on Blackpool Illuminations - it could be YOU! Text LIGHTS to 80039!" 
@user @user @user  3rd: Briana is the only one I can trust 
Don't forget to bring your Buddy Barrel back tomorrow! It's the last Sunday in our 4 week BGMC drive to build a school Vanuatu! 
"Just got my 1st @user EVER and it's fantastic! Thanks guys and gals, for finally shipping to Israel. #lootcrate" 
Congratulations to @user for being the first one from WV to ever be a Miss Teen USA 1st runner up!!! Could not be more proud! Love you 
@user damn brah it was good too! We play the Knicks tomorrow 
It's Monday and you know what that means. Blessing your timelines with a little #mcm. David Beckham your are perfect. 
"As jealous as I am, I can't wait to see my sisters reaction when she opens the justin bieber tickets she's getting tomorrow" 
@user @user Just whip it baby, whip it all night (welcome to Soul Train fandom; may you never leave) 
Before bed, just gimme a bit of strength for tomorrow, Batman! 
Messi has registered back-to-back hat-tricks (3+ goals) for Barcelona for the 3rd time in his career 
OMG OMG OMG. Please Sandy, knock the power out in West Liberty, WV tomorrow at 5 a.m. and I will forever love you. GAH #NOEXAM 
iPhone 6s: Everything you need to know!: Apple's event of the year, which is being held on September 9, has ma... 
"Dad: ""I'll go watch Paper Towns with you on Thursday..""   Yes then!" 
"Went and saw Paper Towns on Friday. It did a pretty good job of covering most of the novel's main points, but different spin on it too." 
Wonderful gesture carried out by the Colombian star team and Real Madrid James Rodriguez on Friday ahead of the friendly match against blah. 
@user @user is throwing a free show on sunday labor day weekend featuring some of the top locals at Nirvana in San Antonio! 
Pretty much all I will listen to on my drive to Nashville tomorrow is Tom Petty, Hootie and the Blowfish, George Strait, and Eric Church 
@user I'm sure you'd like it it's like an action packed anime they just remastered the 4th game on PS4 and she's playable c: 
Ancelotti may want 2 consider keeping it schtum about di Maria after spending more 2 replace him with a vastly inferior model..pun intended 
Ice Cube may be the realest rapper alive 
@user Morning Kerry it's Bill. Happy Friday wish i could have seen your outfit although i like your dress and heels from last night 
"Happy 2nd birthday, Prince George! How much does the little royal look like his dad?! 
#dailymail Carly Fiorina poll jump from 11th to 7th might fall short of CNN's 'top ten': Fiorina's rise in the... 
#dylanknows100 Wednesday 9pm talking @user Harry Potter with @user of @user focusing on Book one. Should be fun! 
Gucci plenty better self gall april foster the doublet your symbolic inflooding affairs so as to artist mettle... 
Tiger, Federer, Serena, the Niners (eesh about those guys), and some cold TX brews. laaazzzy birthday Sunday. 
"According to a new poll, Carly Fiorina is the Republican presidential candidate of choice after Thursday night's debates! YEAH, CARLY! #tcot" 
"3 years ago tomorrow I was on my way to Forres for the first time to meet Liam's family, so many memories are flooding back aw aw aw!" 
first day of senior year tomorrow...im gonna wear my jurassic park shirt 
BEST NEWS I HEARD ALL DAY!!! My boy from the @user David Wright returns tomorrow! WOOOOOO! 
Thank you @user  for having black Friday by Kendrick Lamar 
Hungry? 15% off your bill if you show your membership badge &amp; Phoenix Comicon program at Majerle's Bar &amp; Grill - 2nd St. and Washington ~SM 
@user @user  Yes, I'm optimistic but feel we really needed a 2nd striker who could either play alone or link with Kane" 
I want to go to Zac Brown Band next Sunday.... 
@user Selling 4 Justin bieber standing tickets for the 20th of October in Manchester! 
Someone go by every single season of Naruto for me I'll love you forever  
I'm going to see the Foo Fighters tonight in Edinburgh! I expect to be 10% a better human being tomorrow morning!... 
@user the 1st thing that came to mind was something from Flatbush Zombies hahaha or omg, Biz Markie. OR Ol’ Dirty Bastard >:) 
@user cakap je. Can we do it on tuesday ? Im in melaka. I really want to be in the picture... Please. *U may copy and paste this* 
At the BNP paribas Open in the hot sun.   I know some of you would love this weather and the tennis. 
Did you know you can split the keyboard on your iPad? I didn't. Here are some Ninja tricks for the iPad you may... 
@user you are lovely too Jessica (Mad) but lovely. Yeah SNP missed a trick not showing the film to the nation on September 17th 
Galaxy Note 5, anyone? Samsung sets the date for August 13 #Apps #Web #Net #Sec 
@user lol I mean I would go, but it'd be a lot harder for me... Lol just come back to Ohio June 18th&amp; we'll see them in Columbus :)" 
Oh u want me to take the Lexus tomorrow uhhhh yea dats my car too of course I will 
"Calibraska, the top album Friday on iTunes -ahead of major-label acts like Future, Jill Scott, Rihanna, and... 
I'll be out of town on vacation till wednesday so I won't be on the stream tonight. Once I'm back it is time for more Game of Thrones! 
"Thank you guys so much for all the support tonight! It was fun! Hopefully, I'll be back tomorrow with Dark Souls!" 
Best of luck to Paul Dunne this afternoon. He has already been brilliant and made us proud. May he play a great... 
you dont understand how excited i am for the foo fighters tomorrow!!   mother fuckin @user   #foofighters   *whispers*  foo fighters 
Rangers will likely activate Josh Hamilton from the DL on Tuesday. 
"Fyi, the pumpkinocalypse has begun. Dunkin's has pumpkin muffins and pumpkin coffee and you bet your ass I'm getting some tomorrow." 
This may be unexpected but I found a very special lady with similar personalities! Nicki and Miley beef is over! @user 
10 Apple Watch apps you should check out: Ten more Apple Watch apps your wrist may thank you for 
At the risk of sounding redundant: Comedy! Poetry! Thunderbolt! Wednesday 26th! Free! #bristol #comedy #poetry #hashtag 
@user I saw the Oreo ones & it gave me the idea for these! Just in time for a peanut butter addict colleagues birthday tomorrow xx 
Found Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me by Elton John with #Shazam. Elton still the boss #eltonjohn 
Super-happy for Kendrick today but the reality is he'll lose 90% of those nominations in February and then it's back to hating the Grammys. 
@user tomorrow morning before work I'm getting pumpkin coffee from Dunkin, if there isn't any, you're responsible" 
I had a dream I met David beckham at the airport and we were both on the same flight so he got me into 1st class. Step it up, real life. 
had a great weekend with the family. Went to the Ritz Carlton which is the BEST hotel EVER. Thanks mom I enjoyed myself. Sat by the band 
"For those reminding today is Thor's day, you've all won a prize! You may collect your commemorative hammer at Ragnarok." 
PlayStation Network maintenance scheduled for October 15 That’ll be the new store then. Exciting! 
"Found the ice cream in Slackers in Page just now. Loved the drive to Page, Martian landscapes! Monument valley tomorrow 
Black actresses shine at the 19th annual Elle magazine Women in Hollywood Celebration Octavia Spencer, Viola Davis and 
CNN Revises Debate Criteria In Possible Boost To Carly Fiorina: CNN announced on Tuesday that it would change ... 
I just think when Shawn dances to his own music it's hilarious  
My art Paint it black by The Rolling stones and Here comes the sun by George Harrison 
@user silly string / silly season. love an owl story. fancy watching the football in Bethnal Green on Sunday..? 
"done with finals, aka done with school, HOT JAM tonight, lake compounce wednesday, weekend, graduate on the 19th? #happygirl #thefuture" 
"HHH was never Ric Flair's bitch. This Sunday...I'm gonna make you mine" @user mic dropped. Promo made. @user 
"saw ""Rise of the Planet of the Apes"" with the gf last night...it was a pretty damn good movie...y'all should go check it out" 
"Spent the last hour listening to Van Halen, can't believe I've not listened before! Tomorrow it will be Iron Maiden. Holiday tunes sorted." 
@user @user @user She still has three games on Nintendo consoles (4th one coming up), so she still has a chance 
Tuesday September 6th. The return of the best show EVER! Sons of Anarchy. Hell yeahhhh! #SOA 
Welcome to Airasia...how may I assist you ? :D #pakesuarasuperngebass 
HISD’s chief financial officer will retire in December: I hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions! 
See you on Saturday @user !!   5 days 23 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds until     ED SHEERAN IN ATL  #countdown 
@user  @user arrw how cute is AJ and the boys #IFoundYou ready to be downloaded on sunday! x 
"Just means two of Atleti, Real or Barca will be in pot two along with 2nd and 3rd from the prem league. Groups still tough for some #UEFA" 
"50 years since the release of one of the greatest songs of the '60s: ""Like a Rolling Stone."" #bobdylan  #Anniversary 
CANT WAIT TO GO TO THE BULLS GAME SATURDAY! weeee my first game of the season and papa got me some killer seats! 
Sunday 7/19 is National Ice Cream Day and we're celebrating with  $1 Vanilla cones! Come on by 4th &amp; Osuna Sunday from 12 to 5. 
So apparently tomorrow is National Kissing Day. I’m gonna eat an entire bag of Hershey Kisses and call it a day. 
"Win or lose I'm proud to be a Blue today, thanks to my extremely funny Grandad & my sensitive, caring dad.  Miss you both loads. XX" 
Caitlyn Jenner dons shift dress with a leather jacket for Kylie's 18th birthday 
#WhileTwitterWasDown we were day dreaming about winning $1000 for 1st place at the @user Kickball Tournament this Saturday! 
David Beckham says of son Romeo acting as England mascot tonight as 13th birthday treat:" I still have a few connections with the FA".. 
"I'm going to see Ant-Man. Wednesday, 19 August 2015 at 14:00 in Newport - Spytty Park #Cineworld" 
"U2 - concert in the park.. Long week, chillin' with the family. 10th grade flashback. 
Me personally don’t see Grammy playing AFL again still 28 but i think he’ll turn to something else now. Best of luck with what may be next. 
Saving Face is on the top of my ADFF to watch list . can't wait till saturday >< 
"I am hosting the Open Lobby! Saturday 15th ( Tomorrow ) 1:00PM - 3:00PM UK Time Gamertag """"iL Ash Li""""  Be there guys it’s going 2 be awesome!" 
@user @user Etta James, fine. She may have the best voice but she still killed it. Slaughtered it, in fact. 
Moto G (3rd Gen) Review: The new Moto G is one of the biggest devices for Motorola! Our Review of the new Moto... 
Sunday funday with the girls at toads. Cold drink in my hand and Zac Brown band playing #goodday 
"Making plans AHEAD of time is best. Friday going to go see Final Destination 5 w/ my mains Gem, Ariana, Brian, Drew, & Rachael. (;" 
Ready to see the Sixers play the Nuggets tomorrow! 
@user   Got u a lot of stuff u will love it I may or may not have bought u   John cena  merch and stuff 
"Happy #National Nurses Day! Today kicks off National Nurses Week which ends on May 12th, the birth date of Florence Nightingale. It is..." 
"RT @user Red Sox, Phillies flying high as they take out the Yankees and Giants this afternoon. CC rocked, Hamels dominates...  ..." 
@user glad to hear you are a fan of douglas adams... I am on my 7th rerread/listen to #hitchhikersguide 
I did just remember that tomorrow does 1D comes to sweden for xfactor sweden!! I wish I could go... 
To quote Seinfeld's Kramer, Monday has a feel; Wed has a feel, and FRIDAY has a feel. Here's to feeling the first Friday of the school year! 
Sweeney Todd was incredible! Shame it finishes on Saturday! But Imelda staunton was brilliant!!!! As was Michel Ball <3 
@user @user @user roll on Tuesday for pack the park up the vale feed the pope he will score 
"""""Nick J all day"""" and """"#30"""" on my powder puff pants. Looks like I’m gonna be a stud tomorrow under the lights. @user @user 
Ima be up all night just to be one of the first to get the Carter IV off iTunes ! 
The only good thing about today was the guy at dunkin telling me this morning that they'd have pumpkin coffee tomorrow... 
Feels like it's been a while since I've been on here properly! How's everyone? Looking forward to Chelsea being back in my life tomorrow! 
Happy Friday and don't forget about the ABC's of Yoga workshop tomorrow from 1-3 P.M. Beginners will learn... 
Dustin Johnson just drove a par 4 with an iron! 
@user @user  oct 13th in milan..ive seen this tour 5 times i love it like ive never loved a tour b4 !! #teampink lol 
"Flint, R U VILLA?? Join us for the Grand Opening Friday, with Club 93.7's LV and Ricky Burns!! 
@user @user Haha. <3 Can’t wait for BL2, and Gears3 remains excellent. Hope you both enjoy ME3! :) 
@user I just bought the 5th season &amp; I stay on Netflix lol! 
"15 Experts Reveal the Best Social Media Apps for Mobile - We all like different things. You may love the Packers, ... 
Hey @user  can't wait for Sharknado 3 tomorrow night! What is the name of your character?  Woo hoo!!  @user #GaryMartinHays 
Check out the Japan top chart: Kurt Cobain solo album set for November release 
We are excited to announce our next Day on the Green on Sunday January 27th  - Australia Day Long Weekend! We are... 
I frick frackin love shows with Madison so much tomorrow is going to be so fun wowowowowoowowowwowowowoow I'm not ready Michelle Obama 
"Ice Cube has framed Craig as an attractive man with attractive love interests in every ""Friday"" movie." 
Samsung may offer 128GB variants of the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 edge+ after all #Android #Tech #News 
Whoop! I'm DJing on the same stage as Snoop Dogg - just not at the same time lol 
Facebook just achieved 1 billion active users in a day on Monday. At its peak, 1.1 billion people carried a Nokia phone with them. 
@user U athleticism and fighting spirit conquer the 1st place over John Cena. The champ is here! 
@user they need to move back to King's Field already. Good baby step. Just Dark Souls in 1st person with tweaks. 
Home opener 7:30 tomorrow night vs Marlies. Lots of future Montreal Canadiens to see. Lets sell out the lower... 
@user Thanks! The result may be more Sidney Crosby than Lanny McDonald, but I will post my pics with pride either way ;)" 
Today is National Kissing Day coz it’s no work day tomorrow!!! 
We’re so excited about the Firework display this Saturday at Tudor Grange Park from 6pm!  Did you know its the... 
"I can't wait for sam smith tomorrow, I'm probably gonna cry the whole concert" 
Batman still solid as hell. Love ya. See you tomorrow! 
We are collecting Halloween Candy thru 4pm tomorrow - anybody else want to bring candy to donte to our troops and... 
"WOW, David Bowie and Bing Crosbie you give me goose bumps. May this wish come true.  Peach on Earth.... 
"Settled in and ready to go for the 1st mountain stage. Allez Cadel. 2 min 2 weeks, you have time to get the Maillot Jaune. @user 
@user Wednesday will be spent on Eid Milan. And then the Eid hangover for next two days followed by weekend. 
So excited to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow #dreamcometrue 
WWE Fans glad thank you @user @user  Sting vs. Seth Rollins John Cena vs. Seth Rollins  Good Luck Sunday Sept 20! 
The Dudley Boyz, Ric Flair &amp; Sting all in the same night?! Great Monday Night Raw! #AttitudeEra @user 
Lol who wants Dunkin tomorrow because you know I'm getting some 
I'm going to the AC/DC concert tomorrow! 
Same Flag, Two Ships? Lexus May Add Second Flagship Model: Lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon ... 
Ed Sheeran could top first Friday chart with x ahead of sold-out ... #PharrellWilliams 
Just been to see Jurassic World for the 2nd time, accompanied by little brother. He went, "You're Chris Pratt... but with flamingos!" #BOOM 
the only thing brighter than the sun is Niall's smile -my brother just made my day 
"MGSV pre-purchased on Ps4, for those of you also getting ti on Ps4. Looking forward to MGO in October. Purchased GZ as well for FRI/MON" 
Pleasure: sipping an IPA in the evening sun doing the IT xword while listening to Grateful Dead 
Happy I have something to watch Sunday nights now! :) Makes the wait for ABC Sunday fall lineup somewhat bearable! lol 
@user  Some cool baseball facts- posted by Neil DeGrasse Tyson the baddest astrophysicist in the world @user posted July 10th 
Bringing the Bentley out tomorrow. 
@user hahaha yeah! Disney! i said that :-) anyway at-least i got you a Friday laughter?? Good to know :-) 
"RT @user Dec. 3rd ""Its about to go down"" (kevin hart voice) New Orleans gone kick me the hell out &lt;===== that's my birthday" 
@user Hey Andrew! When the new season starts--you guys need to have on Audrey Middleton! She was the 1st transgender on Big Brother! 
Really love that Yankees are putting a beat down on the Red Sox! It's only the 4th inning! 
The Grey huhuhuhu #FuckingAwesome #BTWFTR 670 i’m going to sleep i need it tomorrow i’ve to work 
September 3rd. the day Camila and Niall hung out this day will go down in history kids 
I hope my mom let's me go to wings tomorrow with MITCHIE! 
"#BTG event, Bridging the Gap, November 6 fully booked - please contact l.s.spence@exeter.ac.uk to join the cancellation waiting list." 
Can it be tomorrow already so I can   see Ed Sheeran. 
Remembering Rock Great Jerry Garcia,co-founder of the Grateful Dead, who we lost on this day August 9th, 1995 at... 
"On Sunday, The only way to watch us is to BE THERE IN PERSON!! Come out to the Prince George's Sport Complex at... 
@user Wow! you’re also a percy jackson fan! :-) The 4th book of Heroes of Olympus will be entitled """"House of Hades"""" @user 
Love me some Aaliyah, may she rest in peace. 
"Anna Kendrick may be the only good thing that Twilight produced :)). I mean, she was amazeballs on Up In The Air hahaha!" 
@user I got the Dream High 2 soundtrack and the f(x) album, then I’ll be collecting the SFS album tomorrow :) they ran out of Sherlock! 
@user I think that’s standard now. It’s actually an improvement. Before they were saying the 11th. Now the 9th. 
@user Jay Bruce on the first pitch from Tim Byrdak in the bottom of the 9th September 28, 2010 vs. Astros to win 3-2!" 
"Today is National Ice Cream Day, healthy and refreshing!! Come and enjoy this day with us!! Have a great Sunday! 
@user planning on AC/DC live in Moncton? Coming up sooner than later, in Montreal on the 31st. At the big "O". 
Lucky Break in Tempe to host Beer Wars II: Arizona vs. Oregon:  Arizona State has its work cut out for it in Sat... 
When Friday begins with some Fleetwood Mac #grooovin 
"Well, I just got tickets to see Paul McCartney October 22nd. Pretty happy about that." 
With that sweep of the Royals.White Sox  are now 3 games closer to 1st place!#WhiteSox #MLB 
"the Monday Morning Podcast is up!!  I ramble about buying a new head, jungle gyms and Frank Gifford.  
"Go Set a Watchman, the only other novel by Harper Lee set to be a hit as it's released in stores tomorrow! #goodreads 
are you ready for this sunday night when wwe champion john cena defends his title? 
Merseyside Derby! hope the result will be great after this long and hard Sunday. #LFC #YNWA 
"Royal Blood play with Foo Fighters @ MK tomorrow. 2 of the bands I'm desperate to see, in one place. Can't wait! RB were awesome at Reading!" 
I just realized that the boys won their Brit Award on my birthday February 21 then I was like partying that time they recieved it!#BESTGIFTx 
@user ha ha yeah you’re right! Well forget Pires, Mulleady on Saturday at Kilbeggan is the next sure thing! Lol if she runs of course. 
Did LVMS get showgirls from Primm or Mesquite. C'mon Bruton you can do better #NASCAR 
"So I get paid tomorrow and I have no work so that means movie catch up day. Southpaw, Paper Towns, Vacation and Tangerine are coming up." 
"aww Chris Evans again not him meee im Chris, so want to treat my family ;-) 
The #SFGiants take a 6-4 lead over the #STLCards in the 6th on an RBI single by Buster Posey. #NLCSGame4 
Fighting corruption is not just good governance. It's self-defense. It's patriotism. - Joe Biden  Good Morning. Have a blessfull Friday! 
Attn #Carly Fans: This Sunday mornng CBSFace has Carly Fiorina as does Fox News Media Buzz. Sarah Palin with Jake Tapper on CNN StateofUnion 
YOU GUYS!!! @user 2nd night recording in LA for 'covered' is when he recorded EIGHT songs with Kendrick Lamar. 
"I love Israel and I will always support you, come what may. 
It's been a whole year since Beyonce perform her music and she returning tomorrow night... 
Fx has the best Thursday night lineup. In fact fx has the best shows on television probably from Tuesday- Thursday 
Senate Dems secure Obama's Iran nuclear deal - Democrats on Tuesday gave President Barack Obama the votes he needs... 
Every day I thank god that Nicki recycled I Love You n put it on Pink Friday as Your Love 
It makes me feel so gay that I just set the classical Brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear 
"It's almost time! Harper Lee's new book ""Go Set a Watchman"" will be on sale at 7 am, Tuesday the 14th! That is... 
"You may love George Harrison already, but wait till you see him lead... 
@user @user IOS is unpredictable it may not come out at the same time 
Carly Fiorina  on Fox News Sunday picks up where she left off Thursday .Still focused. 
"Happy to see Kendrick Lamar nominated for a Grammy.  He may not win, but good to see the best of us getting recognized" 
"So, out on Friday   @user listens to Nevermind by Nirvana the first time.  What could possibly go wrong 
I've made it a goal to get caught up with Game of Thrones by the 27th and I'm near the end of season 2. Let's do this 
"Frank Gifford was a class act. NYGiant star. A great announcer, the perfect balance for Cosell and Meredith on Monday Night Football. RIP" 
my post about Seinfeld being on TV today will be up first thing tomorrow.  
we have a show tomorrow night at The Horn in st albans luverz so pls be there so its not just our dad in the audience like it normally is 
Unobscured, the sun will shine again! Stand In Your Anointment - This Too Shall Pass! See Trailer & where to buy book 
Tomorrow I wanna have dinner out and watch Ant-man. Who wants to come with me? 
It just keeps getting better! Duelo is also playing on sat!!! 
Monday Batmania! I'm live with Batman: Arkham Asylum right now #gamergirl #twitchstreaming #xbox 
@user It’s cool, the less recognition we get, the more we win. I’ll take that....all the way to N.O. in February. 
"Seeing Ant-man for the 2nd time (@ AMC North Point Mall 12 - @user for Ant-Man in Alpharetta, GA) 
So yeah.. back to the iEvent today. If Apple doesn't do low-cost iPhone 5C replacement model aka 6C then we may see peak iPhone within 12 mo 
@user Wow, I thought Jurassic World was just the 4th movie, and it just came out 
Spontaneous trip to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow may be on the cards 
Hello soggy Monday. Coffee with Fleetwood Mac Greatest Hits - well why not? #mondaymorning 
If I can get it done by tomorrow night at the end I will have #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Dollar Theatre  It's Sunday night, what else am I gonna do? Anyone wanna see Magic Mike XXL with me?  Ha! 
I'm really excited for when #Community's Halloween episode airs sometime in the middle of March. Just in time for St. Patty's Day! 
That last tweet was to HF thanks for the day off tomorrow!! notttt 
Some people may not bother but Happy Birthday Milan. Thank you for everything you have done for us #xbanaMilan #swfc 
.@sugarclint presents "Exceptional Customer Experience with IBM @user and @user tomorrow at #Amplify15: 
I hope there's a STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON DVD extra where you see Ice Cube write all of FRIDAY and laugh at every joke as he does. 
The sun starting coming out from underneath the clouds and beautiful day by U2 started playing on the radio. Sometimes life just cooperates 
"..now disappeared, sun gone for the day. Twilight with soft skies to say goodbye to Friday.  We must all remember we are blessed. #GodsWorld" 
"Here I come PS4, I'll see you in March 18th !! 
@user Wishin my first stop was Port Charles!!!   Only thru the DVR """"portal""""!! HAPPY FRIDAY!" 
Happy Sunday Retro Members! The movie of the day is: Project X 
I'm going out for breakfast tomorrow and I'm going to tell everyone I see to buy Calibraska on iTunes @user 
"On the bright side, I'm getting a Taco Bell tomorrow. Wheey" 
SPECIAL Conference Call tomorrow the 7th at 7:30 PST - 10:30 EST Featuring Doug Wead! Doug is going to give us a... 
"Solemn Evening Prayer to welcome the Year of Faith to be celebrated in St Patrick's Parish, Belfast tomorrow evening at 7.30pm. All welcome." 
@user ? was From Timot. He's going to Bengals v Broncos on Sunday. breathing same air as Manning. #CrushSoHard 
@user I want to thank u and @user for meeting me at Westfield Parramatta on Friday 
Tuesday movie nite i/t Park! Start w/ #FishHouse dinner then cross the street for Jurassic Park, 8:50 pm at 2nd Beach 
For any Amazon Prime members, today is AMAZON PRIME DAY! Which is said to be bigger than Black Friday. If you are... 
Can't wait to hear people talking some new ish about Kanye West tomorrow 
@user  Donald Trump will tilt the planet away from the sun. It'll be marvelous and you're gonna love it. 
Props to @user for an awesome Screen on the Green event with Jurassic World! Great turnout on a Friday!! 
"New at forum: Ferry from Dubrovnik to Hvar: Hallo, we want to travel from Dubrovnik to Hvar on Sunday 1... #Croatia" 
@user @user At least it established that Nintendo can put in 3rd party characters. (I want Snake back) 
@user @user thanks, see you at Warners tomorrow!" 
"Looking forward to Monday Night Raw, the return of Brock Lesnar (and @user #RAW" 
Wow what a game the dodgers win in the bottom of the 10th by a walk off HR by Jack Kemp. 
"YAAAAAY! Jason is my FAVE!!! ""@TheXFactorUSA: ...and like that, @user becomes the 6th act in the Top 12! #xfactor""" 
@user Last night's episode made me really want to re-read Apples and Cherries (at least the 3rd time I've read it) :-) 
So excited you're coming home tomorrow! Love you MITCHIE. #onlychildprobs #imbored @user 
"On Saturday, women in Saudi Arabia voted and ran for office for the first time #women 
@user I’d have gladly chummed you, but I’m bikeless in Tayside this weekend. Free Tuesday and flexible Wednesday. 
Father [@_Ducard], If i may,i think you should fight on #BeatTheBat. Show everyone that you are more powerful than Batman on a huge platform 
Kanye West September 25th... Disclosure September 29th.... guess I aint going to Vegas for Life Is Beautiful. 
"Arsenal's Danny Welbeck was awful in the 1st half, but it was great to see Welbeck, ex #mufc legend, on the scoresheet in the 2nd half." 
@user What *I’d* like would be for you to do one of those cooking segments on Saturday Kitchen.  That looked marvellous. @user 
James Franklin was absolutely right when he said the team wasn't bowl-eligible despite sanctions being lifted. They may not get there. 
@user good morning to you Martina!! I hope your day is great too!! :) is it hot where you are? It's steaming here in Bama! 
"Omg I forgot to brag, I saw the Foo Fighters live on Friday night, it was an amazing show!! 
Iowa Press: Interview with Bernie Sanders (Audio) Sep 4, 2015 IowaPublicTelevision #iacaucus #FeelTheBern #Bernie2016 
@user Did you ever read the little bit of Midnight Sun that got leaked online. Twilight from Edward's perspective, SO good!" 
HAPPY 20TH BLESSED BIRTHDAY CHUNJI! ^^ One more year and you will enter the life of the adulthood:D Have Fun with the boys!^^ #1005chunjiday 
'unique mark patterns made by the oil of the fingertip on the glass of the iPhone screen when using different apps' 
@user ur solo masturbation scene in the twilight parody was so hot!!!!watched it when in 8th standard..now in college..memories 
Otw back to La Salle!! Hehehehe watched Unofficially Yours for the 2nd time w @user & @user 
"Hooked on Sons Of Anarchy thanks to @user its too good too stop watching, all day viewing today!" 
@user  @user You guys ROCKED tonight!!!   See you in Kentucky on Saturday! 
"Going to see Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes next sunday. When @user first appears im going to shout ""DRACO MALFOY!"" :D x" 
Opening Night Saturday at Maverik Center. It's going to be our best opening crowd night in over 10 years. Get... 
@user I'm actually probably gunna buy it. (Danny Elfman enthusiast, can't help myself!), but i'll let you know tomorrow!" 
Okay clarification maybe not Snoop Dogg's best song but top 5! I was listening to it when I was tweeting so may have been a little bias 
Who's reppin' #KXCountry at the Zac Brown Band show tonight? 1st of 2 @user Let me know where you're at so we can party! 
Frank Gifford did 25 seasons on Monday Night Football. Thanks for the memories  when I was young.  RIP 
Looking forward to the Leeds United game tomorrow on Sky sports at 7:30 
Concert in Dallas was a success tonight! T'was very hot tho! Church in the a.m. Then back to Detroit! 
Email From : noreply-212cc8ca@plus.google.com Subject : apurv, a few Google+ posts that you may like 
Chance the Rapper concert Oct 14th then Janet Jackson concert Oct 27th... 
Jungle Island makes good on $2 million payment: Jungle Island made good Wednesday on its promise to the Miami City... 
when you realize you are going to see Paper Towns on Tuesday 
Really looking forward to watching Tony Romo run for his life tonight!  @user @user @user coming with it. #orangecrush 
@user he has been happy ever since he sat next to Zayn at the Louis Vuitton fashion show (': 
This looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon.....  Chalet of the Week, Chardon, Val d’Isere.... 
That's the 2nd time a Korean girl gave me her number... at UMBC! The first one was @user . #IDoWellWithTheGeishas 
Ant-Man starts tonight! Runs Fri-Mon at 8:00pm nightly &amp; is rated PG. See you at the movies :) 
I just wanna go see Ed Sheeran on Thursday :// 
Forget the Ricky Gervais animation show...this is the animation *vid to watch!... *May have something to do with us. 
Gonna watch Annabelle tomorrow with these awesome people @user @user @user Can't wait to scream my lungs out!!!! 
IBM has the grand opening for the Toronto garage Sept 9th. Here how clients innovate here 
"But when Luffy does reach his max, I have no doubt that he'll beat Naruto. (Maybe even currently if we find out how strong gear 4th is)" 
It may not be the biggest squad in the last 10yrs but Ancelotti is working for quality over quantity. Everyone... 
Happy Birthday Mitchie and #twittlessLuis! Ill bring you stuff monday :p @user 
happy 15th anniversity kuya gloc9 you are number 1 rapper and francis M. ......... 
Can we just talk about how much Kendrick slaughtered that Black Friday track? Sheeeeeeeesh 
Nollywood rising with October 1: Kunle Afolayan is the most important ambassador the Nigerian government does ... 
@user 3. Have the discography of Katy Perry. I may suck at every other song, but I shall never lose at Teenage Dream." 
working on my brand + watching Naruto = the perfect saturday 
"Thursday will mark Tom Brady's 14th consecutive opening day start, the largest active streak in the NFL! 
Happy Monday! Do you want younger flawless looking skin? You must try Younique's skin care line! Start seeing... 
"Jesus. Edgar is talking like he's trying to impress his dad (in this case, Dana White) after his 6th straight A+ exam. Give him the shot." 
"So George Osborne is to visit Faslane/Trident tomorrow, I hope many of you turn out to give him a warm welcome!" 
"emI Am Cait/em, the E! Entertainment reality show about Caitlyn Jenner, premieres Sunday night" 
it would be a christmas miracle if I woke up tomorrow and there were justin bieber tickets under the tree 
Beyonce might be the 1st female artist where women lust over her just as much as the men...her die hard fans are really FANatics 
RIP Jesus Christ Musica Da Madrugada Waw.. is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it Happy Good Friday 
Wonder who the 1st person to bring a JOHN 3:16 sign to a Ball Game was?!? I’d like to Kiss his (or HeER’s) face... and I’m NOT GAY. 
I am watching the Hardhome episode of Game of Thrones for the 5th time and I vote 
"Reading on my TL about Horse Porn (yummeh ;)) and Jennifer Lawrence, my Friday has been actually pretty great, wby?" 
@user is there a contest for Ed Sheeran? Im flying to Nashville to see him for the 11th time &amp; would love to finally meet him 
#MLB 5* Run Line banger and two 4* bonus plays!Perfect #NFL record on the line 3-0(100%) tonight with a MNF steam move LLLINKKK 
TOMORROW! If yu havent marked it in yur calender...DO IT NOW! Christina Grimmie on DWTS! History will be made! 
"I am going to see Ed Sheeran, live, in the 14th row. I'm in disbelief" 
Come join in all the fun at The Great Pumpkin Hunt at Rosedale Gardens this Saturday! 
For our Wednesday morning we have one from the 60's starting us off..  Bee Gees with Kitty Can 
Inbetweeners top ten moments tonight :D Followed by their road trip. Good night of t.v ahead! 
This Day On The Street: August 21st, 1997 IBM reached a new high of $177.125, before closing the day at $173.625. 
Still haven't seen it yet! I love Jurassic Park so much too man. 
Floyd Mayweather puts undefeated record on the line with announcement of final fight 
Game of Thrones season 4  premieres on April 6 on HBO. Are you ready? Watch the trailer and cool 9 m 
RT @user Lady Gaga is attending Britney's concert tonight. She's in an arena full of Britney fans. We really did make her brave... 
"When I was in 8th grade, all I wanted to be when I grew up was the lead singer of a Nirvana cover band." 
@user @user @user isntall the newest version and you may chance your mind! 
Murray now holds to love and he levels the 4th set at 5-5. Pressure straight back on Anderson. His longest match at the Open #USOpen 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day. Do what you will with this knowledge. I'm probs gonna eat some ice cream. 
@user Saw Ant-Man at AMC Eastchase 9 in Fort Worth.  1st time at the theater.  Great experience for my wife and me! 
"No matter what happens in tomorrow's final round at the  #TheOpen, Paul Dunne has given @user the best exposure at the highest level" 
Oh it's Thursday! New ep of Naruto? >:) Probably fillers but let's go! 
"Monday's baseball Roundup: Mets rally, beat Nationals in NL East showdown: David Wright raced around the bases... 
"Going to see Ant-Man today for the Sunday Matinee, just need to put the roast beef in the crockpot and I'm good to go! :D" 
Cowboys gone beat the falcons Sunday night 
everyone that is going to digi tomorrow you will have a bomb ass time 
Tomorrow is going to be an epic day of football for a few reasons... Firstly because of Galatasaray vs Fenerbahce! 
50 years ago tomorrow. Really??? Why the Beatles' Shea Stadium Show Was Even Greater Than You Knew | Rolling Stone 
This may be a little forward.... - secret-country: but can you imagine the sex Miranda Lambert & Blake... 
I want Charlie Wilson and Kanye West to perform at my wedding and/or my 25th birthday party #Bound 
May the best win #MTVSTARS LADY GAGA 
The only thing I'm looking forward to tomorrow is the new iPhone and iPad Pro 
I have a whole day of history GCSE tomorrow great! 
Nashville will be rocking downtown with 4 concerts tomorrow night, Dolly Parton. Shania Twain, Eric Church and The Monkeys!! 4 venues 
Just had our meeting with Angie and George from Big Brother... We all getting excited about Saturday night we... 
@user Good morning Rooody!! Much love mane from Bama! Ready to see you do what you do! Smoke da Fins tomorrow! 
I got the bronco game and Chris brown on Sunday lol 
@user Will do! Not sure when it'll be up- apparently it may end up on the BBC, which'd be nice! Otherwise on a Freeview channel &amp; online 
Anyone down to pregame before the Obama speech tomorrow @user @user @user 
Jasmine Curtis-Smith is nominated as Best New Female TV Personality (for Nandito Ako) in the 26th PMPC Star Awards for TV. Yay! =)) 
Tomorrow night it’s your chance to slay a dragon in Jerusalem’s Old City! 
"Don't miss Allison DeBona from Ballet West &amp; the CW's """"Breaking Pointe"""" teaching this Thursday at 1:30pm sign in early! 
"""""Dream High 2 premieres on Feb 20th with Eng Sub thru KBS World!"""" ok noted" 
The video to Justin biebers what do you mean is so hot nd I'm sat here swearing like a pedo in a park lol saucy 
@user come to the salon. I work 12-4 on Friday bc of the holiday. Curtis said I can cut yr hair there! 
Looking back 2 see how far we've come. The Evolution of the Pride Parade, From Somber March to Celebration: #VanPride 
How cool. Movies under the stars at Adelaide Oval... if I was in SA tomorrow night I would be ALL OVER this: 
"#UhuruReturns and takes back the presidency. His 2nd term for sure...as for Ruto, he has now served his 1st term as prezzo! Ikue hivo hivo." 
"Shreya Ghoshal Live in Qatar, On October 27th Al Ahli Stadium at 7.30pm. Don't Miss it!!!  For more, Join Us... 
It may be past Labor Day, but our new participant t-shirt celebrates an endless summer here in the Ocean State.... 
Sunday brunch with a Bloody Mary is the best! Michael Jackson is on the radio too! #drinklocal #dolocal #music 
Congrats to the teams who competed at #NCCDC7, including 1st place U. of Washington, 2nd place US Air Force Academy and 3rd place Texas A&M! 
Paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on TV5. Get the juiciest and freshest... 
tmh change my mind when Niall waved at my section was the 2nd best day of my life after otra when I heard through the dark live 
@user Hi Jessica. I'm on year 9 camp mon-weds. Looking forward to making different bonds with my stds #BFC530 
Jurassic World on Wednesday!  We finally get to see it here in Japan. 
The Vamps will be bringing their debut concert to Singapore on Jan 26! Grab your tickets now if you haven't already! 
The MAC may be better than the Big East this football season. #AutomaticQualifier ???? 
I may not be a diehard fan of SS but all the things I’ve heard about this man make him sound like a hero. My 
WASHINGTON --&amp;nbsp;Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Thursday offered a striking rebuttal to criticisms of his anti-war views, saying that he 
@user @user @user @user Coffee and Friday! It's a good day! 
1st opening shift in quite a while... This should be interesting." 
"We get to keep Curtis, right?  He's going to be a regular?  He's going to be in the Arrow Cave soon? 
What a comeback by the AirAsia PH Patriots. Down 15 late in 2nd & 9 after 3, the Pats won 90-84 over the Singapore Slingers 
"A win for either Metronomy, Everything Everything or PJ Harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight's Mercury Awards." 
Twitterverse blowing up about Shannon Sharpe's awesome Hall of Fame speech. We'll have the video clip on NFL.com a little later tonight. 
Galaxy Note 5 leaks S6 style plus pop out pen - released on Aus on the 14th 
Justin Bieber's 'I'll Show You' is now VEVO Certified with over 100M views! It's his 21st video to do so. 
They should celebrate Masashi Kishimoto's historic visit to New York Comic Con with a special Hokage Pride Parade down 5th Avenue! 
Dude, Bernie Sanders is going to be at the parade i'm in tomorrow 
Knowing that @user is at Rum Runners right now makes it hard for me to control my excitement for tomorrow! #FarmTour 
An emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? Find out how with @user in San Fran in Dec pls RT! 
But a very happy 21st birthday to my niece’s Mommy, Jess. I love you with all my heart and Miss Payton too (who will be 1 in 12 days.) 
Listening to @user on my iPad while cleaning the house tonight.  All I want to do is sing & dance around.  Great tunes!  :) 
waking up to a Niners win, makes Tuesday get off to a great start! 21-3 over the cards and 2 games clear in the NFC West. 
Mariah Carey cut a voluptuous figure when she stepped out in Sardinia on Thursday morning. 
I have an extra ticket to a Sam smith concert tomorrow at 8. Anyone wanna go with me???? 
@user For your 21st, I got you a date with Chris Evans.  Sound good?  lol  :P" 
Playing @user all day to prep for tomorrow’s concert at Fort Canning. Go, baby, go go! 
Happiness cause Amazon just notified me that my Bluray version of Gotham will be here tomorrow! 
I got a new ipod today! hooray! the 6th gen (gold) and ordered my case just now.My life is complete! 
Part of the Dluxe team are off to Milan tomorrow! Feel free to throw out recommendations to us for things to do #milan #thingstodoinmilan 
I'm just waiting for the day when it's announced that there will be a 5th twilight about Jacob and Renesme 
G oh d I'm going to get my daughter tomorrow we going shopping I miss my baby plus Christmas coming up I have stuff to get together 
Saturday morning domestic bliss is wife teaching 14y son how to play the theme song of Game of Thrones on the piano 
@user #HappyBirthdaySRK tomorrow will be Nov 2nd in PERU and we will all celebrate it! :) HB MY KING, LOVE YOU TE AMO 
Seinfeld may have made the greatest and most sensitive joke of all time referencing homophobia. 
@user Hell yea lmfaoo , & see you tomorrow Asia baby (; 
@user good morning Irene ^_^ have a nice day! 
Happy Wednesday!  I hope you had a great Labor Day weekend! From flights to new Asheville restaurants to... 
I’ll stop the retweets. Great screening. Big audience at L Sq. Next showing Rich Mix, our spiritual home. Awards on sat. Curzon Mayfair sun. 
@user @user @user @user  the U.S. Open is rockin..Nadal tonite, Federer tomorrow 
Omg. Ricky Martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man. 
@user @user oppa,u may b the one who tweets most in Kidols but only in hangul.plz tweet in ENG! 
@user I married a former Miss. Colorado, 2nd runner-up Miss America, she could not be more excited to see her state flip right! 
Got 2 letters today! One from Wake Forest University and the other from Boise State :))) 
Calibraska is 6th on the carts in Australia IM SO PROUD!!!!! #CalibraskaEP  @user @user 
Off to see the Nokia N9 tomorrow. It'll be like being a real consumer tech dude again. Also off to an event at the new Winnings store. 
Tomorrow is a very important day in South Africa - National Women's Day is an annual public holiday in South... 
@user listening in Orlando.....headed to see Zac Brown tomorrow.  Love the station... 
Very proud of Paul Dunne. It may not have ended the way he wanted but he showed what a big talent he has #open2015 
Going to bed, can't wait to see for myself the "anti-hetero male campaign" that Magic Mike XXL is apparently leading tomorrow.  Goodnight! 
Amazing giveaway Win any book of your choice from the Book Depository (under $15) 
01 Oct 2014 Rock on Dandiya Nite at Sangam University Bhilwara Just Beat it 
Having family pictures done on Saturday with my 4 favorite girls! Hannah, Katie , Shan and my Tam! Can’t wait! Life can’t get any better! 
RIP Frank Gifford. NFL HOF.  I remember him from MNF as a kid. Especially the Campbell game. Arguably best game ever. 
@user absolutely bro!! Comin back to Ohio June 5th - slumber party in the living room at TNation?! 
i think i may buy some pretty xmas decorations for the new tree tomorrow. :D one thing i do like about xmas! 
Siri vs. Google Voice Search- may the best robot helper win via @user 
"Vincent Jackson injury update: Active on Thursday against the Vikings, fantasy owners can rest easy: Tampa Bay B... 
Happy Single Awareness Day at Official Forever Alone day - February 14 =))) 
Kim Kardashian shares the moment she 1st connected to Kanye: And it's the best #throwback: 
"Watching Paul Dunne at British Open tomorrow will be mental game case study-see if he sticks to routines, breathing, demeanor, gonna be good" 
Is Bruce Missing Out? Kris Jenner Looks Amazing Post-Divorce At LA Party: While it seems Bruce may have moved ... 
@user lol I’ll be able to do it Saturday.. Or Friday night after the Greek show 
Good to see some of you at the Great Yorkshire Show last Tuesday #yorkshire hour 
"my birthday is an hour away &amp; i'm crying. lol great. tomorrow should be great. 
Alli Simpson. They may just be two normal words to you. But they mean the world to me. @user 
@user @user @user what chance Nolito ?? Or is he off to Barca in Jan ? 
@user Good morning Sue, mum was good yesterday, she going to Blackpool Illuminations tomorrow, &amp; fish &amp; chip lunch, she'll enjoy..." 
Who's going to see me at gay pride tomorrow in AUSTINNNNN?!?! 
"i think i may have gone a little heavy on the frog harry, and a little light on how gay he really is, but im happy with my paper" 
@user @user @user @user I saw him at Soundset, not a bad show. He is headlining with Har Mar Superstar." 
Get out the candy (and a toothbrush) for my Saturday Morning Roundup on ways to use Halloween Candy! 
Followed up morning yoga with a little black bear diner. Sunday funday at its finest. 
Madonna wears the Director's Hat!! Grab the 1st look of the movie as she unveils it at the Venice flim festival.... 
Congratulations @user for tomorrow as it will be her one year anniversary of making Dean Ambrose memes &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
Their first music video without Zayn and it may just be their best one yet. #DragMeDownVevoRecord 
Rudi Garcia insists Roma must come flying out of the blocks when they take on Juventus tomorrow. #RomaJuve @user 
August 24 I will go to New York for the Summer Slam !!! Do not wait when Undertaker Funeral career Brock Lesnar. 
Hoping that SB's 2013 planner is as pretty as the 2011's. It would be out starting tomorrow. Will check it frst before collecting a sticker. 
Come celebrate Eid with us on Saturday at London's free festival in Trafalgar Square! #EidLDN 
@user Will you play Signal Fire at your show in Hammond on Saturday? :) 
Everyone saying the Chris Brown concert was great last night when we all know that the greatest concert is on Friday with Jason Aldean 
"Iran ranked in top five best #futsal teams in the world after Spain, Brazil, Russia and Italy! #football 
"Dustin Johnson looks like he really wants to be on the Not Top 10 tomorrow. Any press is good press, good looks" 
RT: U can't keep him down.. Rick Perry may not have the most money, but has the most Active Grass Roots.. 
Andrew Breitbart’s 1st site was Big Hollywood. He risked every penny he had to promote right-of-center artists willing to help themselves. 
...it’s Jason and i 3rd year anniversary today & it’s my baby makes 3 months today! im the happiest and luckiest lady on earth :) 
I just want to get drunk tomorrow night and hangout with somebody and also go see Kendrick Lamar live 
Looooong day. Can't wait to see Niall tomorrow :) 
Watching David Price against the Rangers.  2-2 in the 5th.  Doesn't get much better than this. 
Watching Dustin Johnson on Saturday and Sunday is amazing. The guy just can't do it. Ever 
Night out with sister and some of her friends from work. Sat on corner of table next to some bloke in a Foo Fighters T Shirt. Absolute Vibes 
Need to see this movie... Miles Teller and J.K.Simmons may have just been added to the Oscar race... God damn. 
Proud of my Mom for all her hard work with Best Business Strategies to get President’s Circle in Sage 50 for the 2nd year in a row! Wooooo! 
Why do I feel like i'm falling in love with Kendrick for a 3rd time? This is weird. The dude just seems so happy and finally at peace. 
"They may laugh at Rahul Gandhi, but the laughter is starting to sound just a wee bit artificial, slowly and surely he is coming back." 
How about a little Facebook Fun Friday! Like this post for a chance to win a $10 gift card to Dunkin' Donuts.... 
So @user says the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 edge+ T-Mobile release is tomorrow, instead! 
@user I'm hopefully getting the Galaxy Note 4 tomorrow. Been debating on this for awhile now 
"Finally watching last weeks True Blood, ready for the new episode tonight.  How is everyone else this morning?" 
Looking to enjoy your FALL in the RAW? Join Marni and Carol Belmont for an inspiring evening at Belmonte Raw Wed night! 
"Xmas has come early @user Q50 SE now available with free Sat Nav, free 18"""" wheel upgrade and free servicing. 
@user Cool, What you like about Red Hot Shot tonight? I like Dundeel tomorrow for the Derby 
"I have the absolute best ""Big Brother"" he’s agreed to go go Starbucks with us on Saturday , <3 #He’sTheBest" 
@user David Price earns the win on his 30th Birthday, improving to 4-0 with a 1.98 ERA &amp; 0.96 WHIP in 5 starts with the #BlueJays." 
Watching The Hunger Games. I'd totally have sex with Jennifer Lawrence. Josh may join. 
"Best way to spend a Friday afternoon, watching the new Batman." 
@user it will be like Sunday night in Miami, Lmfao 
London. Spent the afternoon with friends in Soho hotel enjoying our time together! Sunday cinema: Magic Mike XXL: OMG 
@user I hope to see u in Sharknado 4! April just gave birth to a baby inside a freaking shark! she can survive everything! #AprilLives 
@user RT: ""@dallasexuals ""tomorrow never dies"" (5SOS) but also in love with ""aftertaste"" from Shawn"" 
@user Eric Church has to play Springsteen, Chattanooga style when he hits Ford Field in Detroit Aug 22nd! 
@user i was jst going to tweet... Yknow youre in SB when its 12 and youre still walking down DP with 2 midterms on Friday! LOL!! 
Really hope Welbeck is fit for Saturday and it's just a little knock 
"On the 4th day of Xmas my true love gave to me, 4 mini drumlets, 3 french fries, 2 apple pies &amp; a chicken from KFC~  #FastFoodDaysofXmas" 
Going to Wales with college next Saturday to climb up Mount Snowdon :) 
Amy Lee @user Now go get some rest, tomorrow’s gonna be a BIG day ;) 
Persona 4 Arena may be the Naruto Ultimate Ninja of Arc System Works fighting games but i still like it and need 2 pick up ultimax 
Today is not only Thursday ... But it's National Hot Dog Day! 
"RT @user Exciting Saturday night was exciting... 
"Top 5 MC's right now gotta be Kendrick, Cole, Rocky, Big Sean, and an unfilled 5th spot. Knights on the Mic." 
Ahhhh, the sun is shining, the birds are singing and this Nirvana track I have on is bringing it down. Skipety. 
Here here for superman... err John Cena reported injured Saturday night but just fine for Monday Even got a pin FTW #CenaHateNation 
ICYMI the AFHS Labor Day Sale has been EXTENDED, but don't wait it absolutely ends MONDAY! #ThisIsHome 
So excited for BRIDESMAIDS on DVD tomorrow!...Also happy for the awesome Melissa McCarthy and her Emmy last night! 
I’m driving in to Long Beach Saturday. If anyone has clothes, food, cleaning supplies, linens to donate please let me know! Thank you! 
@user I may be on PS4 so make sure you give me a shout on here ;-) 
The Little-Known 9th C. Marriage Crisis &amp; the "Great" Pope Who Stood Firm | ChurchPOP 
"Rolling Stone crowns Bob Dylan the best songwriter of all time, Paul McCartney second, John Lennon 3rd @user 
I've watched three seasons of Game of Thrones since Saturday. Now I'm going to start season 4. My life is exciting. 
Back in Charleston tomorrow!! Let us know if you need any sharpenings!!  Happy Thursday! I hope your halloween was as fun as ours!! 
@user without nerves. So, when Thor left the room he sat there. And waited.   It didn't take long for them to roll out the big +" 
I'm at the point of drunkenness where I lay in bed and eat plain tortillas while I watch twilight zone reruns. It's a wild fucking Saturday. 
Wishing the lovely Prince George a wonderful 2nd birthday! 
Anyone want to come to Disneyland with @user and I tomorrow? We have a spot in the car 
Enjoying how the Jay-Z vs. Abdel Halim Hafez lawsuit forces serious newspapers to put "Big Pimpin'" in headlines. 
Ant-Man was even better the 2nd time 
"Cristiano Ronaldo: ""We are Real Madrid, so we are going to win against Atletico this sunday."" Wise words from the best player in the world!" 
"RT @user forza MILAN ! ! ! RT @user off, i will have a nice dream tonight #gloryMU" 
ok let me just say the 4th clip where Harry is putting his hat on Niall.... AH HE LOOKS SO GOOD 
Playing Kendrick's Black Friday in the sauna to sweat more 
@user dec 1st :) are you guys back from Korea by that time? 
"Totally worth watching Nirvana's 1st interview w/ MTV, if only for @user banter towards the end. 
@user @user I think the stroke of brilliance in casting may wind up being Sacha Baron Cohen 
@user What if Gangnam Style brought the sun for brazil  kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk very hot here I LOVE U <33 
ladies come throw that ass and niggas come throw that cash hypelounge tomorrow my birthday bash btw nitemoves foam party we still having it 
Ima just go catch a matinee of Ant-Man by myself tomorrow lol 
@user My dream is to meet Katy Perry, on 6 October in Chile, please help to keep it, will only be a few minutes, just a photo .." 
@user I would also just like to point out that the Eagles had a win today ;-)) 
I just took a Coach Freeze clip out of the new @user intro, to make room for Ric Flair. I love my job. New intro debuts tomorrow! 
They are more usually seen behind bars in the Netflix original series. But on Sunday the trio had a whale of a time at the Billie Jean 
This is seems relevant with both Mississipppi teams in the top 5. Article from April from a writer with Ole Miss ties 
"We're going to a 4th set!! Murray just dominated that tiebreak, wins it 7-2. He's pumped up now!! #USOpen2015 #Murray" 
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. HE decides  sat time it is. 
"The Red Sox may be god awful, but beating the Yankees while they are in the thick of things is always nice." 
Friday morning special guest live in studio.  Drake White just got the opening slot on the Zac Brown Band tour... 
Chris Evans's son Noah asks Coldplay's Chris Martin a question on TFI Friday and it's the cutest thing ever 
@user If JK was on Game of Thrones, his name would be: Jurgen Klinsmann, Master of the 6th Substitution of the Friendly Clan 
The 5th, the Nokia Lumia 520 and my first Windows Phone. Fact: This made me earn the Win Fanboy title among friends 
Galaxy Note 5 may have the great selfie camera of the S6 #Smartphones 
"Six Sentence Sunday - """"Blaze of Glory"""" - and it's FREE! 
Hopefully we play more or less the same team as Saturday...Garner, Ball, Jones, Hooman, Brown, Connolly, Burnell, Keats, Low, Allen & Canham 
@user it's also reminds me of Bee Gees song for Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.. 70s vibe 
Great round at Northern Pines! Two birdies on the card with an 85. Finished 2nd to Dustin Johnson #ChampionsTour 
Whos prob going to see 1D in concert in Ohio June 18th ? THIS GIRL ;D 
My Gosh! Nandito ako na NIA 3 ang guess what? Andito si Mon Tulfo!! Lolokohin ko nga! Hahaha #AnnabelleEnglish101 i shall play with him! 
@user LOL the only things that matter to me about February is Janet Jackson. Plus she is apart of Black history, so win-win. LOL" 
DePaul WBB practice, wine, ND Football, dinner with big brother in Lincoln Park = great Saturday 
"This Friday night at The Warehouse, Dowtown Shreveport, 9 PM. Irene and the Sleepers, Super Water Sympathy, and COWBOY MOUTH!! Be there! RT!" 
"I convert to Islam tonight. May Allah bless all religions, peace be upon all the Prophets... As they have led me this far. Peace be upon you" 
@user lol the first non-Browns football jersey I buy may very well be a tom Brady one. 
"There is one major difference here, Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch. This Sunday, I'ma make you mine." PARPARPARPARPARPARPAR 
Trying to sell my Jason Aldean ticket for this Saturday. Anyone want to go???? 
just so everyone knows bernie sanders' birthday is tuesday and mine is thursday 
Black Friday is one of the best songs Kendrick has done 
( @user ) Katy Perry Fans get ready because her next concert is on the September 22  -Peru 
Ryan Braun stays hot! He doubles off the wall in right-center with one out in the 7th. #Brewers 
Jay-z may not be the best looking guy, but he proves to others that looks aren't everything 
@user @user hahaha NAT!  I feel a resurgence in the 2nd half #itshowyoufinish #gotheeeem 
i wanna go to dunkin tomorrow with 4/4 + lyndsey like that would be the actual best way to end the summer 
@user In the Upper Room Sat night was awesome! and standout Simone Messmer - awesome! Wish it was filmed... 
@user you may as well write """"ooooh look I got some free stuff"""" Dixie your such a ponce!" 
If Gerald Green doesn't have the most hops in the league then he definitely is a strong 2nd!! 
@user I’ll probably watch a few episodes of the Ricky Gervais show tomorrow and in my free periods, on mah laptop. Yay! :D 
@user d’aw cuties :). Liam you may need a blanket to keep your head warm love! Haha love you .x 
Won two tickets to the White Sox game at a raffle . . . 2nd place was four tickets. 
"There's so many concerts going on around here, Sam Smith tomorrow, then Nicki, then Kellh Clarkson and Pentatonix xD" 
I always kinda liked the steelers but Tom Brady about to show out Thursday night 
If you're not starting your Sunday morning with Fleetwood Mac, you're doing it wrong. 
We have another skate class this Monday at the Skate Center! It’s from 6:30-7:30! Bring yourself and your kids, fun times will be had! 
"""""Kendrick Perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in SPM (Scowls per minute)"""" literally laughed out loud" 
Beautiful sun rises these days and still mild with no wind. We are heading out to some islands on Lough Erne we've never been to before! 
Tomorrow Venus will overlap the sun! Get your special glasses out! Next chance is year 2117. (ie:never) 
Excited for Super Sunday coming up? Milan Derby, El Clasico, Newcastle-Man Utd, Marseille PSG? Should be epic. Keep it locked here 4 updates 
Tuesday night apartment dance party feat. duets w/ classic Mariah Carey tracks. Spoiler alert: I can't hit the high notes. #whistleregister 
"#midnightrun may have my favourite Danny Elfman score, probably because it's not a typical Elfman score" 
Will I be getting a new iPhone this year? No. But my two older kids will. So I'm kind of curious about today. 
Next Friday the 9-12 year olds get to make a gnome house in Reading Club. How cool!!! 
@user Good Morning Janet Jackson Happy Saturday to you HI I am a huge fan of you how are you doing have a good weekend and Happy 
@user Mr. Brady, might I recommend the new Iron Maiden album, which also comes out tomorrow?" 
Well I pulled a Dustin Johnson on the 18th but I'm proud to say I played the best 9 holes of my life tonight #GoLow 
"Marnin! Started my day with 7 Sun Salutes, (Yoga position that sounds like a cocktail) &amp; a foam roll, (gym equipment that sounds like cake)" 
i looked like a little jacob from twilight in the 5th grade 
@user the champ could have a good day tomorrow. Dunky text me earlier about golf at lough Erne on Sunday. You playing ? 
ROBERT PATTINSON paid tribute to his BEL AMI co-star UMA THURMAN as he presented her with an award at the 19th Women In Hollywood ce... 
Just found out I won tickets to see a Fleetwood Mac tribute band tomorrow night. Is it sad that I'm really excited about this? 
One and only time I am rooting for the Red Sox is tonight and tomorrow 
"Don't let sensitive teeth keep you from enjoying National Ice Cream Day - Sunday, July 19! Learn more here.. 
I’m just looking forward to the Knicks verse Nets game on Thursday! Carmelo Anthony verse Deron Williams my two favorite players! 
It's Friday. It's Beyonce's birthday. It's a good day. #HappyBirthdayBeyonce 
Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar might be the best I've ever heard... 
@user he is one of the 1st names on Mancini’s team sheet and he was one of the 1st names on capello’s team sheet and that says it all 
Watching the GOP from last night and I must say that Carly Fiorina may surprise a few #GOP 
Sunday oliseh! i was skeptical first when he was announced as the new Super Eagles coach. as at now? he has my full support! 
"I saw a dog yesterday, that looked like one of the wolves from twilight but smaller, was well cool :p" 
"all I want for my birthday, Christmas, Easter, Labor Day, St Patricks Day, Thursday is a big booty hoe" 
2013 NBA Draft: Chicago Bulls 2nd Round Pick could look to add international talent much like they did with Omer Asik and Nikola Mirotic 
RT @user We all went to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night...I actually enjoyed it a lot! That ... 
"Thank you to my new followers. @user and @user May God You Always and Forever!!! Love, Levi" 
2Day in 1999 Mario Lemieux's ownership grp takes over the Penguins. 1st player in modern era to buy the team he played 4.  Le magnifique! 
All I want for my 16th birthday are Taylor Swift tickets. No party, just tickets. 
so my phone is the nokia phone with the bomb ass camera so tomorrow i'm gonna try to take some good pictures of rbb and baby 
@user yeah i still remember their HQ at Hongdae. So small. So happy that they r the 3rd largest company in Kpop now 
"Join the Suns top dog, Southpaw, for National Hot Dog Day tomorrow at @user from 11 am - Noon. Learn more I 
Have a great Thursday all of you  ONE SWEET DAY Mariah Carey &amp; Boyz II Men 
Last tweet until John cena wins the WWE world heavyweight championship for the 16th time 
@user the game where I took that photo, that was my Mother's Day gift to my mom...Toronto vs Red Sox on May 8 this season" 
Threw out 1st pitch tonight and David Wright was so nice to sign it #StLucieMets #TraditionField 
Would love to be going debs tomorrow but instead Il go see Paper Towns with my mam :))))) 
Avondale finally gets into the end zone I need Tim Smith touchdown pass. Seaholm still leads 28-9 late in 4th 
@user Himmatwala set for HOLI release 29 march 2013..sure shot another blockbuster 4 ajay.it will going 2 3rd in row..BB,SOS,HIMMATWALA" 
I'm pleased with my lord and Islam is my deen may we die by these words allahuma amen 
@user Thnks for the FB! Special #PROMO: Buy Three Bundles & get 4th on us! Send FIVE customers to receive free affiliate bundles! 
What could have made Sunday even better for @user champ Nick Watney? The fact that he’s a huge @user fan. #WorldSeries 
Night for the last time in Mississippi for now.... #lovethisplace #backwoodslivin ......back to Bama in the am #B-ham 
@user wow!!! gosh i may have to watch the Oscars =)) from what movie? 
@user Don’t get me wrong I love Bruno Mars he is amazing but that Grammy should have went to Adam for Best Pop Vocal. I mean c’mon! 
"Picked up a PS4 controller for PC gaming, very pleased. Day and night difference compared to the cheap 3rd party gamepad I've been using." 
The Mariah Carey &amp; Justin Bieber Collaboration Why You Mad Is HERE! Listen!: How exciting! On Saturday, the Mariah Carey and Justin B... 
Best Jerseys this season (not in order, can't choose the best) Juventus (Away) Madrid (3rd kit) Bayern (Home) 
It's time for Sharknado 3. We know how to live it up on Saturday night. 
Probably the 10th time I've seen the Comedy Central roast of Justin Bieber and I'm still almost in tears from laughing so hard 
Anyone else find it entertaining that Ash Wednesday and National Margarita Day fall on the same day? 
Its FRIENDSHIP DAY coming this sunday and people are reacting like Valentine day 
@user @user Really he is better than a many playing every year.For 3rd string he wants Tom Brady? Tim can win. 
Eric Decker catches his second TD pass from Manning. This puts Broncos up 31-7 with 14:54 left in the 4th. 
Sunday evening uplift? Neil deGrasse Tyson on the most important thing to know about the universe: 
"since may i went to kmf, bts trb, kcon, sam smith, and nicki like it was a #/blessed summer" 
Spending a nice day at #DHS. Enjoying all the rides before coming back for Star Wars Weekends activities on Saturday! #SWW #woot 
"just out in Pinellas: Steve Miller Band, Metallica (MINT 1st pressing), Rolling Stones, T.Rex, Doors, Band, Neil Young, Iron Maiden, Hendrix" 
@user Hey Catelynn, this is my 1st Tweet ever &amp; i just wanted 2 say i think u &amp; Tyler r awesome. U guys would love my boys.. :)" 
Oooooooohhhhhhhh me likey Houston +6 tomorrow. Hope the numbers line up 
I may not be Miss USA but I am still Miss Minnesota USA! I am looking forward to the appearances I have coming up!! #bemorethanpretty 
Just own the night  Like the fourth of july #MTVSummerStar Katy Perry 
"Selena Gomez &amp; Kris Jenner May Have Teamed Up &amp; Weirdly, That's Not the Worst Idea - #GoogleAlerts" 
Jurassic World: This 4th Jurassic Park film shows that a movie doesn't need great characters if the dinosaur scenes in it are super awesome 
Happy to see the Patriots stick to the 'Wednesday' tradition of not just Tom Brady talking but food for the media #pizzaday 
@user @user I'm terribly tempted to move back to a Nokia as my phone.  (Although I may still use it as a hotspot) 
@user I AM WAITING FOR THAT DUBAI FESTIVAL IN Oct,i want u to come back with also the Galaxy Note 5 wen t comes out plus the shoes 
Adele's new album will be released this November?!?! UMMM Yes please. This better be true! And she better not pull a Frank Ocean either. 
@user I'm just going for a week in January, Niigata is FAAAAAAAR away XD I'm so glad to see Kiryu in an event @ Shinjuku BLAZE ^^" 
I love Thursdays....Grey’s Anatomy....One day closer to Friday.....and No driving to Huntsville. 
Listening to this Weeknd album. This guy has the 2nd best voice in the industry (after Mariah Carey) 
"Happy Sunday @user my weekend was awesome , play for me ""Sam Smith - Stay with me""" 
Beautiful sunrise at the Washington Monument taken by @user - 
@user Tomorrow is Directioners Day! I want to let you know! Please follow me! I love you so much and I love 1d! I am a huge fan! 
HALLOWEEN TREATS &amp; PRIZES from 27th October - 2nd November Kids get free halloween nail art &amp; sweet with every... 
Following his 2nd round knock-out last night, we make Conor McGregor 4/7 to defeat Jose Aldo...http://t.co/1qZWXTAJ3Y 
@user @user I'm hopin y'all are gonna be around Thursday to welcome me with open arms on my permanent move back to Clemson.. 
"Willie Horton: Made in Detroit: """"I just remember my dad saying, 'We're going to sign a contract today, and you'r... 
@user   TE QUIERO!<3 please come to mexico!!!!!!!!! greetings :3 #worldwide have a nice day today & everyday :)) 
@user I know I woke up today and wS like I'm going to Disneyland in October no matter what so now I am I bought my ticket an hour ago 
@user @user good we too love you back came Monday  night raw soon fan 1 John cena boy friend along  miss love 
Darren Sammy and Dwyane Bravo will donate der full 3rd match(Vs NZ) fee to Runako Morton’s wife!! Dedicating it to a team man!! RIP Morton 
@user I may have missed it if u posted it but what's ur take on #KimDavis situation &amp; @user claims about SCOTUS ruling 
@user I see. I hope it will survive. If not, you only have new when things break. Apple may announce a big size iPad tomorrow 
Microsoft, I may not prefer your gaming branch of business. But, you do make a damn fine operating system. #Windows10 @user 
At noon today, you’ll know why #YouCount tune in to ABS-CBN to see the 1st #TVC of the Biggest & d’ Brightest #BPO Employer in PH #CONVERGYS 
I could have sat on Nicki's ass tonight 
Chris Carrigan: It's Prince George's 2nd birthday today. The 12th picture is the best - he's holding his baby... 
Good luck to Joseph Calleja tonight at the Brits. See he’s appearing at the Royal  Festival Hall on Friday 11 Jan in Raymond Gubbay concert 
Tell me you ain’t excited! the twins in Eurosong final! they gonna win the 1st place! 
@user Good! Well Summerslam is on early monday morning Live here at 1am so il be up watchin it for The Great One.. #TeamBringIt 
"Foo Fighters in 2 days, night with my fave people tonight, work night tomorrow, and watching a panda open his birthday presents this morning" 
Today is ecuador's independence day que viva el ecuador! Yes I was born on my parents' country freedon day! I'm proud to be an ecuadorian! 
Yoga is the only reason I get up early on Sunday 
Hope you've applied if you wish to -applications to Crafts on Chelsea close on the 10th! Showday is October 17th :-) 
To the people ordering hot coffee at Dunkin rn: congrats on harnessing the power of the sun 
RT @user Good Morning World... I'm pleased to inform you that the Carter IV will not be like Watch The Throne.. 
Feels like Super Bowl Sunday waiting for the big TNF game tonight! What’s everyone doing for KC v SD?!? #cantcontainexcitement 
want to see lana del rey in london so much in may! 
Rhonda Rousey is too good! 6 wins in the first round by arm bar. She may not be beaten! 
I'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow &amp; I know I'm going to cry as soon as Nat Wolff appears on stage 
State farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife I have the hotel room triple check   No socks left behind 
im so tired and dead but im going to disneyland with @user and @user tomorrow so :'+) 
Instead of being the goat who put in Ventura in the 5th in wild card game yost gets the accolades from a clutch triple by hosmer #fortunate 
"Threshold's new video for """"Staring at the Sun"""", which was selected from a fan video contest. 
@user Saw Bruce Springsteen in June. """"Wrecking Ball"""" great but """"Jack of All Trades"""" v moving song of life in the Credit Crunch" 
@user Going to watch the brothers play rugby this afternoon and then Foo Fighters tomorrow :) 
"Who is the best? 2NE1, with their first full concert on Dec 1 at the Singapore Indoor Stadium. Tickets go on sale Oct 19." 
Religion's power is not in becoming more like you but in showing you an ideal to copy. So while many may like the pope's changes,as an (1/2) 
@user kyocera echo.but I can upgrade in November so I can't wait :).  How about you? 
@user @user Heyman's promo on Monday for Brock Lesnar was the best promo in @user @user history! @user @user 
#TheVerge Amazon Prime Day is taking over Black Friday: Amazon has created its own holiday. The company just a... 
British Aaron Rodgers may be the best celebrity lookalike out there.  
"#Linsanity""""@ESPNStatsInfo: Jeremy Lin was a +23 for Rockets in his debut. That’s the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career.""""" 
WACKY WEDNESDAY on Threshold. I have a feeling all sorts of awesome stuff is going to happen today on Threshold.... 
Ah yes, sexy Saturday in the Turner house.... 
"Good morning Thursday. """"Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got."""" - Tim Cook [Do it for Jobs!]" 
@user suddenly remember he is ex Milan player.. and also his 1st goal for Milan when he was just &lt;1 minutes on the field... 
@user Star Wars day is May 4 Today is just the release of the new movie, duh. Bad guy is going to be Han and Leia's kid, calling it" 
Thinking neighbors probably don’t have work tomorrow. So, it’s cool if I turn up the Judas Priest and just rock out all night, yeah? 
@user Is that you April? You look like Mariah Carey here!! 
Happy 22nd Birthday my sunshine @user . Love you more than Niall loves golf daddy .. 
@user @user @user @user I like the attitude Nicki. I'm gonna do it tomorrow. If I figure out how to do it lol 
Exhausted after a long day at WPPI, but ready to do it again tomorrow! 
@user fuck it  I'll buy your Jason aldean ticket if we go tomorrow haha 
"Josh Hamilton's 5th home run of the season, a two-run homer, provided the Texas #Rangers with all the support they needed to win. #MLB" 
@user if you follow @user ill make you my famous Oreo brownie on Sunday!!! :D deal?? xxxx 
"I see Jimmy made it into sharknado, so wnci should be hilarious tomorrow." 
@user haha , course not ! and im coming to pick you .. milan & taylor up from school one friday . so be prepared (:" 
#HalloweenFacts #Halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after New Year’s and Super Bowl Sunday. 
CHEAP Hot dogs TODAY! Thursday is National Hot Dog Day ADD @user to the list as well! 
Join the MOVable Challenge! Get your MOVband at Spirit Fest tomorrow or Thursday and move one step closer to an iPad! 
I'm going to watching Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation and Paper Towns tomorrow. #stokedAF 
"How to get over a breakup: Watch Gilmore Girls. After Lorelai's 2nd or 3rd breakup, you're good to go. #breakupcure #GilmoreGirlsOnNetflix" 
@user @user I only celebrate holidays during the work week. Also, I need tomorrow off for National Ice Cream Day." 
@user Juventus on the 15th? that's my birthday night sorted! 
@user @user agree. Big L might have been the best to ever freestyle. Its a race for 2nd. 
Tomorrow I will be in Nashville wearing a too tight dri-fit Vols shirt and some Nike shorts that were so high I had to make payments on em. 
"Vanuatus 4th best DJ and 1st Place Vanuatu HANDsome of the year 2001,2002,2011 is on the decks tonight at DECCA   @user aka DJ IDEAL lol" 
Interesting: More Tudou staff may follow chief out the door. 
@user From what I understand the PC beta is the best, PS4 was good, ad Xbox is atrocious. Just got to level 2. After my 7th game." 
Hulk Hogan's Twitter feed just brightened up Monday morning 
We will have to wait to hear from #LPC ldr @user he is en route to #Vancouver to march in the Pride Parade today #cdnpoli 
Given Obama's usual sense of urgency, Washington's 'review' of the Syrian refugee (not "migrant") crisis may be... 
I'll be be watching Beyonce's MIA performance a lil later. I just need to ready myself 1st. Lol 
"clear the day this saturday Pepper, i'm going to Kiryu." 
I just saw Norman Reedus in his car and I there may or may not be a tear in the corner of my eye because that's DADDY 
@user Have a good trip. See you tomorrow at the Jurys Inn? 
Please join me in welcoming our next US Senator from the Great State this coming Monday.  Check out HRT’s website for details. 
Watch the first clip from Bronnt's new soundtrack to Arsenal. Playing live #BSFF @user on Sunday #SilentFilm 
@user meant to say I enjoyed ur butter at Lough Erne Monday night! Gave the table a full brief on ur wares!! 
@user #onlygoodsurprises I would LOVE to see Demi Lovato in Manchester on Wednesday, the day after my 21 birthday!! The best present!" 
@user Way to go.  I dropped my ballot marked OBAMA off on Wednesday in Colorado, gives you a good feeling.  I hope CO goes OBAMA. 
"Sunday's National Ice Cream Day, but celebrate any day with our housemade sorbets! What do you want to try next? 
October 6th is gonna be a busy day for me: Rick Riordan's Magnus Chase book is released as is the illustrated Harry Potter book. 
Off to see The Ladykillers at @user with @user on Friday. Looking forward to it! 
"Happy birthday mom! 2nd round of music on the house , much love to the Calle doce for the gracious hospitali 
Went to the Shepard Fairey exhibition yesterday at Stolen Gallery just off Brick Lane. Fantastic art - on till Nov 4th so still time to go!! 
t-minus 10 minutes! c'mon Apple, gimme something good to obsess about and sell my body for 
I know who i want this to be but I think it's Rihanna or Lady Gaga 
Expect our extensive Galaxy Note 5 and S6 edge+ coverage tomorrow: It's hardly a secret anymore: the Galaxy No... 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day. If you are in Brighton drop by @user 
David Beckham may have just passed Taylor Swift on the good deeds list... check this out! 
Everyone please watch ASAP on  ABS-CBN this Sunday to see the beautiful @user :D 
I'm honored you thinks so Shawn. Blessings to all for a brilliant day! 
#TragicKingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is #ExcuseMeMr. Sunday Morning and Sixteen are close seconds... 
"Sting , Dudley Boyz, and David Wright all returned tonight, what a way to start the week. #Raw #Mets #Monday" 
This will be me when Nash's new video with Skylynn is up tomorrow 
Lance just left, dinner with the fam was great. Managed to watch Napoleon Dynamite and The Devil Inside. Long story short: wonderful sunday. 
"""""Success Saturday""""- Having a great time at the 4th Annual Girlfriend Group Celebration! @user Wood @user Cofield @user Maddox" 
"Not a fan of Chris Evans, but TFI Friday with Alan Partridge is very funny! Brian Adams was good to! Run Run Rudolph Chuck Berry , brill !!" 
"Don't miss Camp Rock's mall show tomorrow, 6pm, at the Greenbelt 3 Park! Starring @user as Mitchie and @user as Shane! :P" 
"Still really want to see Ant-Man, hopefully tonight or tomorrow." 
Mass gathering in a single hotel room. Mmm Chinese. And I could put up with Family Guy for one night. 
wow...@glydeinstyle you guys have really gone far with your company. Sam smith?!!! Wow. I saw him on Sunday perform 
@user I liked it a lot. Held my attention much better than Dark Souls. I may have to go back to that now. 
Anybody want a ticket for tomorrow Colombia vs Peru at MetLife? 
AState up 24-0 after the 1st. Doing work in the Georgia Dome! 
For your enjoyment, here are Wednesday and Lurch dancing to the Grateful Dead. 
cant wait to see the iPad HD .. 
"Celebrity Juice is decent tonight :) Alex Reid, good answer on the last question." 
"F.M. Kirby Center,November 24th...Hope to see you there... 
.@NoLayingUp Paul Dunne should rock shorts tomorrow because as an amateur he can. #TourSauce 
Trying out a new Life Purpose Oracle deck today-one free 3 card Career/Life Purpose Reading if you comment 1st on FB. 
Good Thursday #np Bob Marley - Could you be Loved #Legend 
@user well, I think KC may have a good QB for the future in Murray." 
@user may he R.I.P. Happy Birthday Michael Jackson . :) 
I have one awesome boyfriend who Sat and watched jersey shore with me just to make me happy :) 
@user Me either...but we got off early friday so some coworkers went to IHOP...and the rest was history 
@user she has Best Pop Vocal Album in the bag. She and Kendrick may win for Bad Blood (Pop Duo and the video) and Blank Space, SOTY" 
1st Gonzaga game of the year!!! #gozags 
#FridayFun! Jay-Z's got that Friday feeling -  Have you? 
Let the chips fall where they may- Ice Cube 
@user Thanks for the kind words dude :),See you in December and on Soundwave. 
"I guess you could say that I have the Red Sox bug after Friday's game, so naturally I'm looking at season tickets...even though I'm broke" 
"Yes David Price, 1st time in MLB history all 15 home teams won. But you're due for a slump. xox 
Will @user @user @user @user or any other SES grads be at the FHSU vs. KSU WBB game tomorrow?! #comeseeme :) 
On 6 September 2001, Michael Jackson made a surprise appearance at the mtv vma where she danced with * Nsync. 
went to Kmart last night and saw a Kurt Cobain t-shirt, i had to buy it!! 5th favourite shirt lol 
"Whatever else may go on there, to a number of people, the White House is still a home.... 
"Federal Reserve sticks with stimulus: The Federal Reserve made no major policy changes Wednesday, deciding to stick to its plan of st..." 
[Chicago Sun-Times] White Sox rookie Carlos Rodon continues to make strides #Mariners 
@user I'll be in LA sept 27 for AC/DC concert and staying at the Pink Palace. Will be n LA so will check the place out! 
I just got paid this week. Tomorrow, Jurassic World is back in theaters in IMAX for one week. Coincidence? I think not. 
@user Thanks for following #Econokit - you may like to use #bizikent hashtag and RT/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk 
Mark You calendar for June 16th catch me performing at the First Annual Earth Festival! Be there! 
@user Does Lexus truck Monday mean you got a Lexus this Monday? 
Listening to Foo Fighters all day to prepare for tomorrow yeeessss 
"FREE SCREENING TONIGHT! June 19 at 7:00pm In partnership with Utah Film Center, Ballet West invites you to a... 
'Paul Dunne' appeared on Monday 20 at the 15th place in the Top20 of Glasgow's Trends: #trndnl 
"Whatever happens, I'm going to watch Paper Towns tomorrow. I can't miss this movie." 
I am honored to say I drove Chelsea tonight may god bless @user 
@user you me and @user should skip Knaus' class tomorrow morning and go get breakfast at perkins :) 
so EXO-M is going to Nanjing tomorrow okay can 
I may have a 10 yo ipod classic, i've never encountered a problem w/ it, unlike my sisters whose newer models seem to crash quite easily. 
Hey, it’s Gary Carter bobblehead night when the clones come to VT on Saturday.  25 cent hot dogs and fireworks on Friday. Woohoo! 
Re: What did you do to your bike today ?: Heat finally broke here in Nebraska this AM. It was a nice 67 degrees ... 
Wow, Colin Powell going to CMU for MLK Jr. celebration in January. That’s cool. A big name for little CMU. 
"2nd in the pub quiz tonight. Tripped up by Sharon Stone's IQ and a Tibetan fox, but we did make an excellent tin-foil ostrich" 
"Football giants Leeds United take on Rotherham this Friday at 7:30, be sure to be here to watch it. No doubt it will be a classic. #lufc" 
"In honor of Prince George's 2nd birthday, 10 super-cute cakes fit for the little royal 
"In tomorrow's debate, if Romney is half as sharp as he was in this earlier exchange with Gingrich... Obama is toast: 
wait for the island show tomorrow is Shawn gonna be doing his full set or just some songs 
Perfect weather to finish a great week.Saw Noel Fielding’s show Thursday at the Ath. Meeting him would have made the week perfect! 
Doug Wead We are not out, We are Up! The fight has just begun! Vote Ron Paul tomorrow Tuesday 5/15 in #OR & #NE #peace 
@user happy 2nd birthday to Prince George, hope he has a fabby day xx" 
10th anniversary of Tony Pulis taking charge at Stoke. No matter what people say you cannot deny the bloke has done a great job #WelldoneTP 
Nothing like starting your Saturday with marathoning "Game Of Thrones" until you finish the entire series on HBO GO. 
@user Just seen you live at the Enmore in Sydney. AMAZING !!!!! Best solo gig I've ever seen. Are you at Bluesfest in March??? 
@user  I think they may splitting up but you said like that so I'm relieved to hear! Thank you, Niall!" 
#Birthday Happy Birthday to author Stephanie Meyer-writer of the Twilight series 42 December 24th 
@user ha.finally i can add you in my circle and come to close to talk with you on 11/6...yeah.1st time to see real Jeremy Lin..so excited.. 
Out October 1 on Amazon US &amp; UK. (Thanks for the heads up @user #MockingjayPart2 
@user I go to sleep tomorrow I wanna see 'Zayn malik follow you back', pls all the love is always xx 
Looking forward to Friday day and night! Excited to be involved in the seminar portion at Drexel and the show at... 
@user @user would love to! flying out to Van on the 14th and working in Whistler! Will defo head over to Banff tho!! #Canada 
"I like what I saw tonight, particularly in the 2nd half. 8 up/8 down. Let's keep rolling lads (hey Roy, you play Kane always) #England" 
Driving west towards Banff as the sun sets on the mountains. It’s comforting to see those hills again. Home 
"Paul Dunne, an amateur, shares Open lead going into final round. Amazing! Padraig is 5th: 
"open 24/7 = open on the 24th of July #carrefour you r doing it right @ Milan, Italy 
"DiViNetworks Gets the Green Light From China Telecom: BEIJING, June 14, 2012 /PRNewswire/ --China Telecom's Guan... 
I've decided to record the new Comically on the history of Ant-Man a day early...I may even have it ready for release tomorrow. 
Interested in a career at IBM? Tomorrow you can visut us at Skandinavisk Online Karrieremesse! #SOK2015 #IBM #Career 
NCS Choir concert this Thursday night!!  Donny on bass guitar and singing with Mixed Ensemble. Who's going?? 
Get the Skinny on Verizon announces Ice Cream Sandwich for Motorola Droid Bionic: After waiting for what may hav... 
Monday is our Free Day of Yoga.  Each year we serve our community with three free days of no charge for classes.... 
@user me and my 8 yr old daughter can't wait to see you at Blackpool illuminations on friday :) x 
World Music Festival is in full swing! See you tomorrow evening in Millennium Park with the Maria de Barros at 6pm!  #Chicago #WMFChicago 
The best politicians tell people the truth, not what people want to hear.  Angela Merkel is awesome!  
Going to Disneyland with @user and a bunch of friends tomorrow! : D 
Last night was the best night out I've had in ages! Circoloco was class.. On the other side on the way to the lakes for work tomorrow #death 
"Friday, December 18 will also be Star Wars Day on @user Politics Hour. Guests will be encouraged to join the show in costume." 
Had fun streaming with friends. Hopefully I'll get back to Minecraft tomorrow! Goodnight all 
"Perhaps this may sound weird, but God is really there next to you."" George Harrison." 
Friday evening at the movies. Hope Paper Towns is good. 
Xtina and Katy perry nominated for best albums of the year will they beat lady gaga once again? Let's find out in february! 
@user well thanks and that's cool, if you're in Ohio June 2nd you should come to my show at Heart and Sole" 
Congrats Sarah Geronimo for winning the Best Local Video Artist in 8th USTv Student’s Choice Awards.. We are so proud of you... 
.@ssnyder1835 talks about tomorrow's BATMAN #44 stand-alone story with @user here: 
My mom heard someone say Michelle Obama on TV and she started singing 5th Harmony... Help 
Who runs the world...girls! Happy IWD!! 
HAPPY 28th BIRTHDAY, BAD !!!!!   "Well they say the sky's the limit And to me that's really true"- Michael Jackson 
Fab review of the wonderful Kneehigh’s production of Steptoe & Son in today’s Echo. Runs until Sat. Don’t miss! 
Tomorrow night is the Halloween Party for Kisses for Kyle!! I am so excited to have put this together for these... 
Pogues celebrate their 30th Anniversary tour with a one-off UK live date at London O2 Arena, Thursday 20 December 2012 
Calling all you deadheads!  Head over to the free Grateful Dead tribute concert today, July 25th, from... 
Jam at the Blue Diamond. TomGrant Band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike. Good excuse to get out of the house. NE 20th&Sandy 
@user the reason why I'm telling you HMV is kasi may special editions yan and shit :> 
@user @user I hope you have a wonderful sunday night as well,  Shawn" 
Wake up to Database Innovation with Oracle: Breakfast Briefing, 10 Sep, London - 
Want to know more about the partnership Apple + IBM? Tomorrow at 14:00 a guest speaker from Apple will explain BLSAUD 
"3rd Annual Women's Day was another one for the books, it's getting bigger and better, Thank you all, great effort #TeamGDCF." 
After a truly amazing & blessed 1st day @user London Conference we are soon to embark upon Day 2!!Come & take time out to learn truth 
Gonna wait until tomorrow to see Ant-Man and take my ma with me. 
Pitchers to start &amp; get win on 30th birthday (1914-present): David Price looks to add to this list tonight. 
I really want for there to be bball on Sunday. And not just MYSA 
Lexus limo 2 work! Use my #Uber promo code, suec641ue, &amp; get AED60 off up 1st ride. Get it at 
@user  #FightForMatt I think that I want to make it spread so that you may not be inconvenienced. I wish  Matt becomes fine. 
Excited for pre-Fashion Night Out drinks at Pipa tomorrow night with the HomePolish designers! First of many... 
seeing shawn tomorrow is the only thing that's getting me through the day. 
As we patiently awaitRT @user Back in Studio putting final touches to the #Album...should be out nxt week Friday. 
@user everybody that came from twilight marked as 10th graders! So with this ged shit I still graduate on time and go to college 
What a great day(speaking of Sunday)... Had an amazing youth service at Upper Room Milele(forever) Ministry! 
First record I can find of Peter Davison working for the BBC is All Creatures Great and Small - began on BBC1 15 Jan 1978. #DoctorWho 
@user #BreakingDawnPart2 The Saga may end but the love and friendships will last 4ever #LoveIsLouderthanRollingTheFinalCredits 
"Our team in Toronto, Milan and Amsterdam, would ALL like to wish you an easy + happy Monday! #socialgood #feelgood 
Good luck to the Pride Parade tomorrow it the big city . 
Busy week. Tues - Love and Information @user Wed - Ghost Stories @user Thurs - Matilda, and tonight MAGIC MIKE XXL! 
@user Chuck Norris and 10,000 people march through downtown Birmingham Saturday and @user doesn't cover it? Who dropped the ball?" 
"Can it be March already so I can see my babe Justin Bieber, thank you very much." 
Spurs manager Andre Villas-Boas was proud of the commitment shown by his men after they held off a fast-finishing Southampton on Sunday. 
definitely going to need Dunkin tomorrow. 
"The 10th hole seems to be a good birdie hole. Dustin Johnson birdies the 10th, his 1st hole to move to -1 #PGAChamp" 
@user going to go see the WWAT film tomorrow! 
@user @user turns into Cupid in February, becomes the Easter Bunny and does short stints as Superman, Thor &amp; other characters" 
"Just caught up on Tuesday nights Accused, @user was quality in the last two. All 4 have been quality Jimmy McGovern = great writer" 
@user Good morning Tressa! Hope that you have a Fabulous Friday! 
if i woke up to Justin Bieber backstage passes tomorrow I'd make sure my mom got a million dollar mansion after I marry him. 
@user Yeah!!!! May the force be with you, just believe in yourself, the team and don't forget you play for BARCA!!!!! @user 
I can't say that Rollins is the best WWE champ of all time....but he may rank above Hulk Hogan. Brother Brother Brother Brother #Raw 
Oscar-winner Cate Blanchett may soon be joining the Marvel universe.  YES YES I DONT CARE WHAT SHE WILL PLAY YES YES 
@user He’ll be the Eli Manning of the NBA,they r both 2 of the best 4th quarter players in their sports #Closer #KillerInstinct #Splapa 
Magic Mike XXL was the perfect warm up for tomorrow night's entertainment. 
@user have you read Happiest Baby on Block? @user gave to me. It’s great! You need it. I’ll bring to u tomorrow if u haven’t 
both of my teams (Alabama & Falcons) are playing good games this weekend. One on Sat & one on Sun both at 8pm. Maybe it’s good luck. 
@user I recall an  insane 80s Friday Night WWF classic where he hobbled with crutches into another match to ""help"" rival Hulk Hogan." 
"Lucky Trail Challenge just opened up. 1/2 marathon Saturday, full marathon Sunday (on St. Patrick's Day). Who wants to do it with me again?" 
MascotFight: We're playing Derby's Home Town Hoe Down at the Vic on August 27th! Glad the Vic's back. Best soun... *http://t.co/6zmxmBV 
Already working on the next Riot Fest interview coming this Wednesday. Here's a hint: it's also a real good one. 
National hot dog day is tomorrow. Now is your chance to grab a weiner for only $1. And we all know  everyone loves cheap weiners. 
Samsung may be getting ready to unveil the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ in just a few days, but the Korea... 
Love how I'm limping and struggling to walk at the moment yet still so determined to go to digi on Monday #priorities 
#castleberryisd 5th grade iPad Deployment going well! Students are excited! 
I need everybody to come out to the video shoot tomorrow and support @user  (CLUB CRUCIAL) 
@user @user he should watch lil guy round Rousey weight class may be a knew billie king in the making 
I’m happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today... Ritz Carlton... Let’s sell it! #TomiRoseTeam 
"Daylight Savings Time ends this Sunday. Except Arizona, where we gain the hour because we don't have to change any the clocks. #smallvictory" 
I loved going here for Friday prayers Eid was something else here 
Ryan Braun with a 9th inning Triple in the All-Star Game! Doing his part to get the #Brewers homefield adv--nevermind. 
Aim Nation the clan is growing fast! 87 members since launch last Saturday. Plenty of room for more members on PS4 and XB1. 
I had a fun day on terra nova. Followed by a ho-down at the end of the night. Got plenty of screen time. Look for the only dancing soilder! 
"Cinematic double bill tonight. 1st up is South-""as subtle as a punch to the face""-paw (@rosstmiller), then MCU's latest expulsion: Ant-Man!" 
@user @user @user I get a lot of good news from him I may not agree I think he's wrong about Obama but he's on point 
@user Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Biggie, Tyler the Creator, Dr Dre. If I could have a 6th I would add Ice Cube" 
Napoleon dynamite is on and im not going to school tomorrow. #fantastic 
I heard that @user is on Jonathan Ross Sat. I’m gearing up for the super pout. 
USA+Canada Tour starts today!!! Super pumped! Greensboro NC kicks it off tonight! Tomorrow Asheville then ATL on sunday! 
Got an hour talk session with Capt. Imran tomorrow. He’s so smart and manage to become a Captain by the age of 26. 
"Morning Sunday lovers. In the words of David Bowie - I'm happy, hope you're happy too :) x" 
Ground hog day is such a good film, Sunday is for food and films #sunday 
@user @user Okay sweet! I'll give it a go when I hop on Minecraft on Sunday 
We are blessed with the writing of Jimmy McGovern in this country. Long may that continue #theaccused 
Great piece on Joe Biden and all-important Florida. Wish I knew the folks in the condominiums he visits. #DraftBiden 
"Jon Pardi last night, JJ Longhorn and Moonlight Drive tonight, @user next Friday, and Jason Aldean in 2 weeks...I like concerts" 
shawn and charlie are both going to the vma's tomorrow &amp; camila is with shawn today &amp; charlie sits behind the girls tomorrow i am fascinated 
@user Best day on the Green for me was Aerosmith, Foreigner, Pat Travers, Van Halen, AC/DC, (July 23, 1978). 
"Dude, this new Iron Maiden album is frikken AWESOME to the 10th degree." 
Happy November 1st SWEET friends!!! SWEET Thursday NOD’s (names of the day) are.....Charrish, Selma, and Aiden.... 
Remember Cupid at Convo last year with the bomb candy bar?? If you liked that, you’ll LOVE next Tuesday’s Tr 
It's ok. Steve won't die in Civil War bc Chris Evans has a 6 film contract and this will be the 5th film it's ok x 
barcastuff: Messi is the 1st ARG player in history to score against all other 9 Conmebol countries #fcblive [via mrchip] 
@user It's alright, we just wanted to make sure you're free to go out Sat night... we're going to book a room at Jurys Inn :)" 
Looking forward to sharing IBM's open source journey at the Open for Business day @user on  28 Sep in Hebden Bridge @user 
We're just over 24 hrs away from the WPSL Elite Championship in Rochester vs the formidable @user 3rd time's a charm Red Stars! 
Brock Lesnar vs Bo Dallas at the MSG show in October has been announced. It's like an early birthday present. 
Check out my ride in #CSRRacing for iOS! Try it for FREE! now car 
Up All Night live is on September 28th on Nick to all you Aussie Directioners :) 
@user Do u follow dj @user ? U should, he’s great, daily songs.Today was At Last,Etta James.12th time youtube.Wow! 
@user yes. and May is even cooler than before. and Skye is better. and Simmons is cool. But Fitz is :( and the new folks are ? 
Soo happy that I don't have to go to school till later tomorrow since Sophmores are taking the CASHEE. TIME FOR ME TO OVER SLEEP! ;D 
Friday night relaxin:  Watch the new David Bowie video Blackstar.  #davidbowie #spacemusic #blackstar 
We will defeat Boko Haram by the end of this year-Buhari: Speaking in Cotonou on Saturday during a gala lunch ... 
"Friday: Star Wars Day!!! Sandwich of the Day: Ham Solo w Melted Brie, Arugula, Mango Mustard &amp; Pepper Relish on Sourdough" 
The Grey and Yellow Gold Wedding Puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two-tone dress by @user 
If you are not entertained when turning WWE on a Monday night  then there's something wrong with you. - Brock Lesnar. I agree. 
FCA tomorrow at 7:30 in the band room!!! Breakfast and fellowship, don’t wanna miss it!!! COME!! :) 
@user Just thought I would put this out, Red Sox have the best batting avg since all star break and nearly hitting .300 since August 1st" 
@user last hour of the Chris Evans show BBC R2 from 8am Tuesday if you haven't got it indexed.Not so sure about international lnk 
Hats off to Dupreme Court who sat till early morning n did not allow attempt to postpone the hanging of Yakub. 
Talking Google "waffles" with our very own Mrs. McDaniel on waffle Wednesday! #curtisES #whywisd @user 
Purim’s Dancer runs in the 7th @user today. Here she is getting some good luck from the local goat... 
Is that lady in the 1st scene of WANDERLUST w/ Jennifer Aniston & Paul Rudd the lady from Mel’s Diner? If so, I am so happy to see her. 
@user unbelievable bottom of the 4th! Let go Red Sox! 496 Ortiz! 
When you thought you had way less in your bank account to find out you're Gucci.... And pay day is Monday night. Holla 
@user 3rd album changes a lot. I know you hate Unbroken, but I love it! 1. Unbroken, Fix A Heart, In Real Life, Together, Skyscraper 
"PAUWIIN NYO MUNA AKO BAGO KAYO PUMUNTA JAN PLSPLSPLSPLS """"@owyposadas: See you at sm Bacolod :)""""" 
"i know it's in january, but i can't wait for Winter Jam !" 
Just ordered my 1st ever tablet; @user Surface Pro 3, i7/8GB 512GB SSD. Hopefully it works out for dev to replace my laptop =) 
"Just seen a video of George Osborne which may well have been fascinating but I came away thinking ""he needs a lighter shade of hair dye""" 
So This Saturday, Fort Canning with sweetheart(: okay can! Yay!! 
The sun is shining. I'm writing from my deck. It just seems like a Bob Marley kind of day. I just need rum. 
#DYK Bob Marley was voted the 3rd greatest lyricist of all time by @user News online users, following Bob Dylan and John Lennon 
The complete 5th season of #Dexter is available on DVD today! Or you could just watch it On Demand.. 
I'm going to be so emo tomorrow at the concert bc the best buy theater is so special bc thats where i first saw shawn headline a show ever 
nataaashaAnn where you been? Don't forget about Stratford weekend in Grand Bend Aug 10 (it's free!) Yn4j 
@user please help me get tickets for tomorrow at hard rock. it's my dream to meet shawn! 
Student loan paid in Monday. Not a chance I won't be going to Digi on the nighttime 
I may agree with Modi is Communal Politics men for this time 
finally got the start to @user video for chasing the sun YES i always get the end i love you MTV HITS 
@user that’s going to be wicked with no fireworks! #dohh haa :) I’ve got Zumba sat then going propaganda in the eve busyy :)) 
"How do you say, """"DELICIOUS!!"""" In Spanish? #RioGrind is gonna have @user hanging out on Saturday. Latin Fever! 
To all my friends in #Turkey may you  all stand strong on this 89th Republic Day! Cumhuriyet Bayraminiz kutlu olsun ! 
Collaboration, shared google docs, and group share outs - all on the 2nd day of school.  Saline stds rock! #smslearn 
"Don't miss the Tron Reunion with Cindy Morgan, @user and Bruce Boxleitner, @user at Phoenix Comicon in May! #phxcc ~SM" 
"I can recall 3 situations where #WWE changed plans because of tweets! 1st is JR to replace king, 2nd Brock interfering in the Cena vs rock!" 
Initial pass to Messi zipped in. Only he could tame the ball &amp; pass to Xavi 1st time. Minimal backlift from another planet. @user 
The stuff I get sent is mad - may just go back to a lil Nokia 
Might be watching Monday Night Raw just to hear John Cena's entrance song... 
@user  December a candy cane to get us all in the Christmas mood!!! #TIYFT 
@user Backed the other Ruby. Error. Each way lucky 31 depends on Scotsirish, surely Quevega won't let me down? May have a punt on the last." 
Harry Styles rocking Lyle and Scott. he may only be 10...but be honest, you wish you had his life.. @user 
Sons of Anarchy may be one of the greatest shows on tv right now. Thanks @user and Netflix 
listening to muse like crazy till i see them, then straight onto evanescence and the who for november 4th, sounds good 
"Mohawk Place tonight in Buffalo, New York. Roll out! Tomorrow we play Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, Indiana." 
"Yoga, the sunrise and a nice long run easy Sunday morning" 
@user Yea but since it's such a short notice, B/G is the simplest thing to do. Haha but Decades Tuesday don't sound too bad." 
We will be starting off the night tomorrow for Laidback Luke and Gina Turner hope to see you all there!! :) 
#np Lay up ft @user @user  @user can’t wait to actually buy the album when it comes out & the #MMG concert on NOV 3rd at Rupp. 
Rahul Gandhi expresses solidarity with Chennai flood victims: Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday ... 
Poetic justice may just be my favorite song... 
"Baha , as if I'm singing in front of people at Bluesfest tomorrow ! Everyone is going to be so great! #sinkingin #feelingsick" 
@user It's my 25th birthday tonight!! and i'm ready to rock at Roskilde Festival! Bring your A-game! :) 
S/O to @user for making it to the MAC Championship game tomorrow! Good luck ladies! 
Happy 21st to my mini me, twin, and the craziest nette I know- Rita. Love ya!!! @user 
@user I admire you with all my heart, Lauren. May the God, that watches over the rest of the world, bless you and keep you x 
Pet adoptions are $10 this Friday @user thanks to @user @user #Upgradeyourworld with a new best friend! 
Okay I don't watch How To Rock but I may just to look at Max Shneider's face oh my god. And his voice is amazing. Like. KSHGKJHzjhsdkhfg. 
"Was going on cams 4 a later show today but instead, helped our daughter get a new Nissan Titan. She's so excited! Be on tomorrow, for sure!" 
Just whooped some ASS in kill confirmed with @user and @user tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in Gears3 
I'm so glad we're doing this. I'm so glad we're doing it on Saturday too. ha.  Hannibal isn't leaving my life nope! #Hannibal #EatingThem 
Had a dream I arrived at SJP an hour before kick-off & sat in the Gallowgate penalty area talking to Pardew about our club. He was lovely. 
Conor McGregor responds perfectly to everyone under the sun calling him out 
@user Shawn, your girlfriend is so pretty! She's got a sexy pout goin on. I wish y'all were going to be on the air tomorrow!" 
New favorite Below the Cherry Moon (from coming album, Brighter, out March 5th 2012) by whomadewho on #SoundCloud 
@user  I may put off the PS4 till the Star Wars one. Paul McCartney is coming to town! 
"Ok, so I've watched Jersey Shore today for the first time ever. Can't say I believe the hype. But its comical." 
Join us tomorrow from 9.30am to cheer on fundraisers abseiling down the Jurys Inn @user to support visually impaired people in Derbyshire 
I think I'll go watch Magic Mike XXL at the theatre again tomorrow. I'm in that kind of mood. I need me some male stripper action! 
Ducks game on the 1st!!! Yeah buddy @user 
Foo Fighters opening with everlong tomorrow is gonna be a hot shitty mess of emotions 
Ugh, the Cotton Bowl last Sat was almost better than today. Almost. (@ Hewlett Packard (TXN04)) 
#classic! @user FRIDAY OCT 19th!!!! THE ALUMNI will be rocking Philly!!!!! FREE SHOW  @ the Liacouras Center 7pm CLASSIC HIP HOP! 
[VIDEO] Prepix's choreography video is also available on Nate (for those of you who may wish to view on mobile devices) 
@user fingers crossed you see kane tomorrow got to meet up with your boyf 
Love a good bit of 'Tony Blair shame on you' on a Saturday. #DontBombSyria 
@user Hey Channing Tony Provias from Aberdeen Hope you get a sack on Murray this Sat!!! 
July 22nd isn't just Prince George's birthday.  A very happy birthday to nearly 5 million who will be celebrating their special day 
"Will say its 6th, 7th, 8th and then 365th day of Eid   Bcoz still waiting for some real Eid's Enjoyment and for some Eidi.   #YhBhiKoiEidHui" 
verge: Amazon Prime Day just outsold Black Friday 
@user David Price getting you excited to watch the Jays play again. #11ks #wins October baseball? 
These were THE best Sunday's. Watching Harry Potter with my girl Dixie. #sochill #whoneedsabf 
Big game for Arsenal on Sat, need a convincing &amp; solid performance with goals against Stoke, Giroud &amp; Alexis need to perform! #Arsenal 
@user  @user WILL tie his season high when he catches his 4th td Sunday! GO COLTS! 
I just finished reading Paper Towns! I can't wait to see the movie this wednesday! @user 
Khader Adnan is welcomed home to Arrabe village near Jenin in the northern West Bank, 17 April. 
Tune in tomorrow for a brand new KENA PLUCK!!!! This one is good! Also, Michelle Chong brings ’Almost Famous’ to the OSCARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
"Play fair Ben Howland...Sean Miller may be tough to keep up with cleanly, but lets all be gentlemen here" 
Hnng Pokemon ORAS came out. I told Michael to get it for me for Christmas. I may save him the $30 and buy it sooner ;-; 
@user Here it's 1:20 PM, I can be around that time but maaaybe I'll be gone since I may watch Ant-man today" 
"Enjoy the summer, celebrate National Ice Cream Day this Sunday! Visit Honey Cup in the Channel Islands Harbor,... 
"See How Karachiates Celebrating""Eid""-No water in Liaqatabad No 6, 3rd day of #Eid #MohajirsWantJustice @user 
@user Big brother 9th! U gonna check out that Bears vs. Falcons game down there in the Georgia Dome 2morrow in Atlanta? #DABEARS 
BU grads are the 7th most employable in US after Harvard, Yale, Stanford, MIT, Columbia, and Princeton. #hopethisistrue 
@user I swear my Facebook was exploding this morning! Booms all over the fucking place! Reminded me of Four Lions. XD 
Just caught up with made in Chelsea hope jinky sort it out they would be great together, can't wait for next Monday #MadeInChelsea 
At least I think it was a good start for Sunday Oliseh and the Super Eagles #CompleteRichness #SharingHappiness 
I'm so excited about The Vamps new album on Friday 
#InMiddeSchool I got my 1st cell phone. I was too happy I got that phone. it was a Kyocera flip phone lol ahh those were the days lol. 
@user Great Saturday Night.  Singing Sam Smith songs with my daughter and eating dinner. 
I get paid tomorrow. ON STAR WARS DAY! Best day ever. 
@user 2nd half in @user match with Pires: he takes me out from behind, only yellow card of game. 10"""" scar still proud on calf" 
Great news. Yesterday women voted for the 1st time in Saudi Arabia. Also 20 of them were elected to local councils. 
@user Now you got me on the hunt for tickets event in Houston in Oct! Learn that Rousey arm bar! She needs a good challenger :) 
The Orange County Armenian Festival is going on today and tomorrow 15 & 16 in Laguna Hills.  Come and enjoy a... 
I liked a @user video Nicki Minaj - Blazin' ft. Kanye West with lyrics - PINK FRIDAY 
"I'm seeing Paul McCartney tomorrow, one the men most responsible for good music, at all." 
@user I saw her on Tuesday by Java Jazz. And I can’t help it if girls like me LOL :P 
"Watching ""Contraband"" for the 3rd time, Mark Wahlberg is the man!" 
Some one come over and come to Disneyland with me tomorrow 
Eric Church for the 6th time tonight! This time it's acoustic only... Oh my god. 
"I'm just really excited for my comedy filled day tomorrow... Amy Schumer live AND John Mulaney on Netflix?! Thank you, America." 
Who all is coming to watch Jurassic World with us on August 28? It will bring on the NSUBA lawn. Bring all friends and family! #NSUBA... 
Tomorrow I may be 100% geek and do a Star Wars day (skip 1 &amp;2 obvs) 
Here comes the new Apple TV! And the iPad Pro. 
"#Unbreakable tracklist revealed: Janet Jackson, Jimmy Jam &amp; Terry Lewis are back in a record store near you Oct 2nd! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @user one of my first new friends at Marshall and one of my best friends now! <3 you!! Happy 18th birthday betch ;) 
@user @user Kirk you’ve been my best friend for 16 years and Erica has been my best girl friend since 7th grade 
@user can't wait to see you next Tuesday at Shawn's concert at @user 
@user Reggie would make a good MCS teacher. I’m talk to Pratna about it tomorrow but I’m probably just dropping and ill do online 
@user it doesn't matter where they play, what matters is they play for Wales, better than England, may I add! (P.s, Ramsey is Arsenal) 
Amy Lee @user  Veruca Salt on vinyl and Jenga on the brink! Good Saturday 
I'm excited to see Sam Smith on Saturday with loml @user 
David wright baby !!! Already.. 1st at bat and takes it to upper deck 
Today is Thor's day (Thursday)  So in honor of Thor's day let's get hammered!!!   But first let's start with a... 
Hehehehe can't wait for the 3rd season of Vampire Diaries (: 
Proud to have been a part of #IBMCSC Kenya. IBM celebrates the 15th team working in the Philippines.  #15Philippines 
Any of my Denver peeps need tickets to the Kenny Chesney &amp; Jason Aldean concert tomorrow? I have two 100 level... 
Field trip to October 12! Breakfast at Jungle Island,meet Deca members from other schools and find out what Deca is all about :) 
It's Friday. We're having meatloaf. And the Royals are still going to the World Series! #notadream #goodstuff 
Just bought my ticket to go m watch the Romeo Santos concert in theater. Nov 5 needs to hurry up!! I’m so excited 
"If nothing else, Straight Outta Compton was worth it just for Ice Cube laughing at his own script for Friday. Seriously, tho. Amazing film." 
is it even possible to love anyone as much as i love chris evans?? we may never know 
Eid 3rd day.... Good after none 
my monday has consisted of Paul McCartney on a loop in my head and craving honey barbecue boneless wings with ranch from bdubs 
Calibraska literally comes out tomorrow and I'm really excited to hear shallow love bc it was so good at sots 
"That's a wrap! Santa &amp; our Ellerslie ""Reindeer"" hope you had a great day! See you Wed for @user Twilight 
"Sun Ce, throwing down with Cao Cao is SERIOUS BUSINESS, better watch yourself #R3K" 
Serena dominated in the end, a tough match for the win! 
"I like the way the ff have calmed down.  At one time,there was more back slapping for no reason than arsenal when they finish 4th every year" 
#CFC @user is the best of the Premier League! His overall EA Sports Player Performance Index score: 217. (1st place) #MataMagic 
@user both of them managed in the modern game also? He will win trophies in his 1st 3 years, but then recovery time.. #Inter Milan" 
A blast from the past... Daisy May’s should have received a Golden Globe for this one. ;) LOL. 
A great way to get Wednesday going. A CBS College Sports piece on Coach Rodriguez and the Arizona football program. 
May have a slight obsession with David wright #CaptainAmerica 
Not everyone has the same image of sexy. There are plenty of men out there who may think I’m built like ray Lewis wit a weave. Oh well... 
@user @user Demi Lovato is in concert this Sunday at the Bell Center sweety! There's still some places available! Evenko.ca 
Amy Schumer and Jerry Seinfeld headline a show in support of the 15th anniversary of Baby Buggy via @user 
in my TL guys talks about AFC vs MUFC i know guys u cant wait till Saturday :D #EPL <33 
Listening to Fleetwood Mac and doing research and trying to get with the times lol Productive Monday 
Roddy Pipers funeral was held Tuesday. Some of the most notable names that attended included Ric Flair, Triple H,... 
This time 18 yrs ago we won our 1st game of the season v West Ham thks to a goal from Gary Ablett. Also 1st day in my current job. 
"I'm very sure it is Briana, but I do not see tattoos Louis. I may not be able to defend if it's true. Sympathy so much. #OhNoBriana" 
"Hey peeps, I have confirmed with the Gladstone Hotel (Sunday from 3pm) that children are allowed in the part of... 
-Plan Rosy Stay In Garden City There are strong indications that the Super Eagles may camp in Port Harcourt in... 
This may be the coolest thing on the 'net. Def my favorite. &gt; Soul Train - Papa Was A Rolling Stone via @user 
"MDSL Finals this Sunday, July 15 at 6pm. Come watch MYSA take on the Detroit Hustlers at Ultimate Soccer Arena!!(http://t.co/38cOcMVL)" 
Bentley and Pierre's news report! Stay in the know ;) 
Cool filter called the blinding sun &amp; iPhone 5c... Lol @ Gediminas' Tower 
"If McGregor and Rousey are scheduled on December 5 in Dallas, I will be there even if it's just by myself." 
@user I can't wait to see you on December 9th and meet at the fm Kirby Center!!(: 
There's taking the high road and then there's what Tom Brady said about Roger Goodell Sunday. How smart was Brady... 
What a great cover for the 1986 winner....I feel @user need to do something very special for Messi's 5th. 
Looks like someone agrees with you @user .....Was the Nokia 3210 the greatest phone of all time?  
After watching the Raptors first hand today, they definitely in contention for the 8th seed. They were better than the Pacers today. 
".Kendrick Lamar, 9th Wonder, Joe Budden, Curren$y, Wale, Young Guru, Tech N9ne...all people I've had the pleasure of working with." 
Triple h was never Ric flair's bitch this sunday....... i m gonna make you mine #john_cena 
@user #C2K Carles Puyol! Omg! What a landing! May god help him with his hand!! Ouch!! 
ATTN: Friends and fans! Come join me at Birdy’s Thursday night @ 9:30 for a night of acoustic music!! Would love the support! Hope to see u! 
@user dude!! Im going to a polish festival on sunday with my room mate :D 
I'm most def. going to the Snoop Dogg (Lion)  concert in October!!!!!!!!!!! 
BATMAN the KILLING JOKE 1st Print CGC 9.8 NM+ 1988 MOORE BOLLAND FIRST PRINT 
Jason Aldean with this beauty on Sunday!!  #summernights #sundayfunday #soldout #cincinnati 
2nd part of Crossfire Hurricane was ace. Would like to be in 70s era Rolling Stones please. Get it on ol' iPlayer etc: 
TANGO IN THE NIGHT by FLEETWOOD MAC was no.11 in the UK album charts on 4 August 1988 
@user only messin bud- hope alls well with ya. Lookin like march 9th for the trip to Liverpool! 
I'm about to eat four hot dogs and watch Miss USA. Happy Sunday. 
I am writing a blog about tonight's X Factor. If you're still up you can read it when I'm finished. LUCKY YOU. 
"11:11 bmth+pvris tickets, sam smith to finland, happy mutuals, nail both of the presentations tomorrow !!!" 
Frank Gifford was a Giant on the field before he spent a career on Monday Night Football.  
Doing the stairs to the 4th floor of the Paley library will keep you in shape. #steep 
When Justin tweeted "studio work" everyone was just slowly dying waiting for November 13 
The only good that comes out of a Monday is the fact Made in Chelsea is on 
So Shawn is meeting up with the jacks tomorrow I'm expecting some hot ass pics 
The MTA will be at Mondawmin Metro Station from 3-5pm today to celebrate The Baltimore Grand Prix. We'll have a race car for you to see! 
"i still remember the day my love for gucci was born. it was my 21st birthday... the first time i heard ""pillz""" 
- Just found out season 3 of Arrow is going to be on Netflix October 7th 
@user c'mon in! We'd love for you to stay since Islam and Arab culture is the foundation of 'Merica -Obama 
@user @user C'mon man don't get me wrong Cole had a great album but Kendrick gonna take it home 
Answer: Yes, people are connecting with what Bernie Sanders is saying.  Do you hear me Hillary Clinton? #Bernie2016 
I thought it was pretty impressive I'd been to 7 Zac Brown Band concerts until the people next to my parents were at their 28th 
@user please play toes by the Zac Brown Band in honor of my vacation that starts next Tuesday! 
@user omg that's a beautiful analogy. I love that Niall and Louis just sat down like, this needs to play out, lets go over here" 
@user Cuba. :) I'll tell you more after I book it tomorrow and before I leave Sunday! 
@user it was great meeting you and your crew at the Gallia on Thursday night. Hope to see you next time I am in Milan. 
Monday Night Football at #ciscos..win a chance at going to Hawaii for the Pro bowl !!! Happy Hour all night 
Excited to be a part of the battle of Big Brother vs Little Brother tomorrow afternoon. Going to be fun. Call sheet is loaded and ready 2 go 
"Why do I not remember seeing @user ""Bad Blood"" when it 1st aired? Hilarious episode!" 
ICYMI: The new YA coming of age story PAPER TOWNS may be a tad cliche but it finishes strong and boasts a good cast 
Beyonce was extraordinary this evening. Great show. #MadeInAmerica  Good night. See you all again tomorrow. 
"Kim Kardashian Strikes Gold W/ Kimoji App, Lands No. 1 Spot: Apple said Tuesday it is tough enough for Kim Kar... 
i quoted nicki minaj tonight and i'm sorry and i know god will forgive me 
Jurassic World was excellent the only way it could have been better is if @user was Karen &amp; Claire's 3rd sister 
The #ByeFelicia scene is brilliant in @user considering that it originated from #Friday which @user directed and Ice Cube wrote 
"Tommy  new friends from italy, france and Saudi arabia tonight :-)  FGarcia" 
Yooooo I'm taking all of the donuts Dunkin has tomorrow. Free inhabitant yo 
@user @user I miss you Jennn! Are you gonna be at the brookwood game tomorrow? 
"Sonia Gandhi khan aur Rahul Gandhi khan.  Dono doob ke mar jaao kahin.   I mean it., Whole country will celebrate the day as diwali." 
All i'm looking forward to tomorrow is Real Time with Bill Maher. 
I just want to spend my last free Saturday with you. And go fishing with my big brother 
Bible Study at #FFChurch tonight! So stoked! Haven't been back since NY and Bama. 
Tomorrow...Walmart, Target, Walgreens, CVS, Kroger, whoever..I’m coming for that discounted candy...be ready for it ;) 
@user what a waste. It even has the last man on earth, Seinfeld, South Park and Monday night raw. Hulu is awesome 
@user see you in April with The Vamps dude!!!!!! 
I have tkts to see Plan B next Feb- he has already announced his support acts- Labrinth and Rudimental!!!!this news has made me tres happy 
Great weekend! Bar Mitzvah at Knollwood and a photoshoot! Is it weird that I'm looking forward to working on Monday? :) 
@user Hi Jam! Can you please play Stay by U2? Thanks, happy Friday :)" 
Tears of the Sun is wayyyyy better than Act of Valor 
Hosmer has the most Strikeouts on the #Royals 84 other MLB players have struck out more. Kris Bryant has the 2nd most Ks in the MLB 
@user @user @user   Randy Orton and Cesaro are the best. They are great super star of wwe. I hope you  win match  sun. 
Pair the Galaxy Note 5 4G+ with our mobile plan today! Enjoy more perks now till 28 Aug. 
@user Hello Phil, i hope you play this game Knock Knock it comes to PS4 on September 10 
"Just the fact that he has the title ""Ambassador"" should be cool factor enough to make you come see Jon Huntsman on Wednesday at 8pm!" 
Holy shit my brother is the coolest 7th grader in the entire world. He literally defended Caitlyn Jenner in front of his entire class... 
@user I LOVE Dr. AQ!! :-) Kamran Shahid interviewed him today.I suggest u to watch it  
Justin Bieber hits back at 5 Seconds Of Summer over AMA after-party claim: It may well be the beginnings of th... 
As good as David Price would have been imagine what the Yankees may have in Severino for the next 15-20 seasons... wow 
@user if you happen to come online, know that your McCurdians trended """"Jennette On Ellen"""" for McCurdian Monday :)" 
@user Hellyeaa ahaha, One of the 1st streets on Niggas ! 
"GO CATS! The 20th annual ESPY Awards: SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Wash... 
"Wait, a Thursday night NFL game worth watching...and then throw in the NLCS, wonderful." 
I'm going to Dunkin tomorrow and ordering 10 iced mocha coffees for myself to stay awake and complete all this work @user 
I won the 2nd Star in my McLaren 12C in #CSRRacing #RaceYourFriends. Download FREE! ez 
Enjoy your Sunday; on this Veteran Day take a moment to thank any and all active &amp; veterans who served in the military. @user 
@user A sad, shocking day for football. May Frank Gifford be remembered always and forever, RIP" 
All Right Red Sox!!!! Beat the White Sox 5-4 Monday!!! 
@user Destructo next thurs, free before 10:30, guest list. Let’s go. CAUSE I CAN!! (it’s 21+) 
I am now attending #insomnia55 on Friday. I'm doing a panel on making games in Minecraft! Not sure if I will stay the whole weekend yet. 
Gov. Chris Christie &amp; fmr Gov John Kasich get the final two spots in the Fox News debate Thursday. Gov. Rick Perry among those left out #GOP 
@user Mariah Carey - Fantasy The distance between it and the 2nd most played is pretty vast. 
Today *very* rare day when Democrats will get healthier on their Club for Growth scorecards than most Republicans. 
I get to Procter the PSAT with my homie @user tomorrow!!! It only took them three years to partner us up lol 
"Don't forget, we have some spirit days coming up at Liberty! Tomorrow is Star Wars Day and Friday is PJ day!" 
"Nicki Minaj flashes a nipple on Good Morning America, youLve gotta see it, AfgHAN SAYs So 
I liked a @user video LLLINKKK hank williams i dreamed about mama last night  .  original sing 
Well, it’s Monday again folks :-/ Start of week 4 at OU! But, it’s a new week in Salem & Port Charles! Woo! #DAYS #GH! Morning all! :) 
"Happy Monday #patiovortex #myaznow #instagramaz @ looking at the San Tans 
"I ""alpha'd"" Molly by holding &amp; lightlly scruffing her to keep her from eating Thor's food. Since, she has sat quietly beside me. Interesting" 
Nice to know the people in charge, who have so much power, are making smart decisions... #climatechange 
Doom Robeen. @user Have you seen these wonderful Katy Perry images? You may want to check: 
@user glad you dug Ash Wed. Feeling its time to start writing another gangster flick. 
Thank you Cole for being the 20th like! :D 
Guys. Today is Star Wars Day!!!! May the Force Be With You...or Awaken...or Whatever. I'm too excited to get facts right. 
Haley Laundrie represented Lake Mills in the Miss USA pageant Sunday. She is the first woman from the county to do so 
The weeknd released the new album and Ed Sheeran is on it. Happy Friday everyone 
Good Morning! Who is up with the sun? Starting my morning routine with some Yoga. What do you all do to make it a great day? 
I plan to see the Fantastic 4 movie Tuesday. I went to see Age of Ultron and Ant-Man the Thursday night before. 
Listening to Nirvana at 2am on a Monday morning while eating noodles. I don't know about you but I'm doing life right 
Walking through Chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely. Love London at night :D 
"Review: Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen): Motorola's mid-range masterpiece, the Moto G, is a formidable smartphone th... 
@user tomorrow I'm going to watch it for the 12th time! Guess there is very much love for Jurassic World! 
"The 4th bestselling Track of 1983 [of the Day]: David Bowie - ""Let's Dance"" Serious moonlight FTW" 
Halcyon The Sun will be performing on Sept 12 at the Bentley's Back to School Bash.  Check out their album, Two... 
@user Will there ever be a 3rd season of Breakout Kings? FX should pick you guys up! Please tell me sumthin good!!! Best show ever! 
Really wanting to see Carol when it's released! I am hearing that this may well be Cate Blanchett's best performance ever! #GoldenGlobes 
"On the bright side, I get to watch Big Brother with Trevor tomorrow." 
@user awww what a great dream!! :) And it will come true SOON!!! Pennies on may 16!! BE THERE!! #618wingman 
HAPPY FRIDAY! Get your dance moves ready for the weekend with Brad Pitt &amp; Jimmy Fallon's dance battle! #marketing  
"Radio just played U2's ""Bad"". Which rarely happens &amp; is one of my very favorite songs of all time so my day may have just peaked very early." 
Throwback Thursday! Daddy and Joe Pa! RIP to, in my eyes, still the most winningest coach in college footbal 
@user We all expect you to follow suit Ross. Starting this Saturday against Chelsea 
going to finish watching The Vow tomorrow , its such a cute movie c: 
This SATURDAY! Live stream to Japan! Mad sounds and fashion! Rasta wear!! Big up to the late Bob Marley! 
@user yes but we have lots of fun planned for Sat. James Martin will be on top form with Saturday Kitchen plus a big surprise TBA! 
Rondo should be glad the All-Star game isn’t hosted in DC with those Galaxy Foams on. 
Now let's go from Milan to Bologna - tomorrow I'm going to shop accessories (for my shop and (almost) not for myself ;)) 
"Got to get behind Curtis and the boys tomorrow, but I think we will win!" 
"5SOS won, Taylor &amp; Nicki had a duet, Nicki looked like she wanted to beat the crap out of Miley. Waking up to this, Monday is good for once!" 
Niall has the sun glasses that I wANT WTF I want tHoSEEE!!!!!! @user gift them to me maaaaannnn 
@user May there be no injuries so we can beat the Brits. 
It’s our 6th Birthday!!!!! Reggie your the best partner ever!!!! We would like to thank all of our brides who... 
I'm seeing Ed Sheeran on Tuesday im going to cry 
@user Yeah Buddy ( @user voice ) can't wait to vote tomorrow & go to the awards & meet the cast of My Super Psycho Sweet 16! 
Back to our normal schedule tomorrow! Get the kids to school and get yourself to YOGA!!!   9:15 -   Vinyasa... 
And people still doubt @user  absolutely comical. He may not be Ronaldo and Messi but he's our best player by a mile 
It's b/c of me. I saw Twilight the 1st weekend. Didn't see Star Wars :) 
Yay for going to Disneyland tomorrow but I'm sad that it won't be Halloween decorated yet 
"It's 10pm. I'm sat in my chair watching #RoyalRumble, spaMing @user with Brock lesnar gifs. Great night. 
Tom Brady. The only man with class and integrity throughout the #FrameGate saga. 
"Best attitude for living: ""My Pain may be the Reason for Somebody’s Laugh, But My Laugh Must Never Be the Reason For Somebody’s Pain." 
"It would make my day tomorrow if I could get a picture with Chane Behanan , Peyton Siva , Gorgui , or Angel Nunez . Or even Mangok ." 
@user OK, then I probably watched that one too.  I remember Ric Flair.  I loved the Monday Night Wars. 
"Congrats to debutant Carl Ikeme, who saved the Super Eagles' blushes with a brilliant display vs Tanzania on Saturday. #MadeOfBlack" 
My dad just told me he really wants to go see Final Destination 5 on Friday. Wow.. #wasntexpectingthat 
@user @user But he is shirking the gap between him and Eddie year by year. No one is catching Seinfeld, but he may catch Eddie. 
I want to see Ben Sollee wednesday. 
listening to Fleetwood Mac and having my candles lit is the perfect Sunday evening 
someone come see janet jackson with me in march since my mom is forcing me to go lol 
Colts defensive coordinator Greg Mausky confirms that OLB Robert Mathis will play Sunday vs. Dolphins. Mathis also says he's good to go. 
Head of highways Jason Russell speaking @user event about driving improvements tomorrow at Pride Park 
@user @user No problem! We had a blast. See you tomorrow at the big competition! Starts at Noon, competing for an Apple Watch! 
Roger while having trouble with serve, he is still through to 4th round! Federer might face Isner in 4th round 
Chris Mortensen reported that a deal is close to being done between NFL and the Refs. Could return on Sunday. Thank. God. 
Sorta lucky Joe doesn’t have twitter, but seriously, when he sees me on sunday morning he’ll probably leave me alone 
We've got 3 more days till the end! Lets keep our 1st place and win #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Join us at our pride picnic this Mon Aug 3rd at 2pm, the day after Pride Parade :)  #Vancouver 
Spent This Sunday afternoon with my young cooly Fresh Rio @user @ lucky stripes Nokia 
Just then, the day broke and the facade of Granite House was illuminated by the rays of the rising sun. 
@user I have them on I have always had them on and I cried when I found out you were gonna be able to make it to Digi tour ATL Feb 21st 
The 23rd caller is going to win the tickets to see NERO at the Hammerstein Ballroom next Saturday. Call NOW!!!! 
kendrick was everything i wanted it to be a new danisnotonfire video on monday! 
"SUNDAY, JUNE 19TH is NATIONAL ICE CREAM DAY!!!  (Sorry for the short notice, but our A/C is now back up and... 
I'm excited about @user Gala tomorrow night in LA. Please financially support @user -they actually go &amp; rescue children. #teamOUR 
"Samsung said the new Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge Plus will start shipping Aug 21 in U.S. and Canada." via @user 
Party Tomorrow at Club Paradise for the football team winning Friday's game! Everyone invited! Nobody over 19! Time: 8-until $5 to get in! 
"Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George!!!  With the mention of birthdays, comment below with your little persons... 
Watching Napoleon Dynamite with @user = best Friday night ever! #throwback 
"Kane records 2nd assist of the half, as he finds Bishop to give @user 3-1 lead over @user with 24 min to play #GoCabrini" 
I have 2 tickets for Zac Brown Band this Saturday. Great seats just can't make it anymore. Gonna sell for less than what I paid. 6095139561 
"Happy Star Wars Day! It's not May 4th, but it feels like Star Wars Day to me!" 
I liked a @user video Justin Bieber Full Interview October 4 -2015 (Selena Gomez and What do you mean ) 
"Long time no see,I've been watching Naruto not to spoil anything but it's SO c00l and I can't wait for the latest episode which is tomorrow." 
Nuit Blanche is Oct 1. Let's hope it doesn't rain. 
Zac Brown Band is going to be the best country concert I've been too. Hyped for Sunday. 
#FF a great person @user Making plans to march in the Labor Day Parade with Scott Walker but the Secret Service won't say where. 
Great result for Leverkusen to take the 3 points and putting an end to Bayerns winning streak. Where under a lot of pressure in the 2nd half 
Mbaaah!shut up & sleep or sit down!((((BOOM))))*i love Nohle* RT @user Wish i could fly to Irene just 2 get my Good Night kiss!! #sigh 
July 19th is National Ice Cream Day. It is a good day to cool down with a tasty treat. 
@user I wish Mitt quit all this lying about what they can do.  If MR was such a great leader he would’ve sought a 2nd term in Mass. 
Wow!! Just waking up to this. Saw it up to 2-1 Murray in 3rd set. Anderson was unbelievable; incredible win. 
@user I hope he's ready for Brock Lesnar on Sunday. 
Gamble landed at Ludlow with our first @user selection Hold Court winning at 13-8 from 9-2. Super Duty ran well in 2nd and will be 
@user absolutely nothing will, they will be best friends forever :’) when they won the NTA award for the 10th year that has to be.... 
"Home from """"roadtrip"""" and foodtrip gala with mah homies @user and #Pipoy. Hahahaha. Gala pa more. See you again tomorrow! :3" 
Im enjoying Celebrity Juice instead of sleep, going to be fooked tomorrow though 
Get ready for the Peanut Butter and Jams sponsored party at Santos Party House THIS Saturday!  Good looks... 
@user oh its a name mash up of 2 of my favorite song (stay away by nirvana and hold on till may by pierce the veil) 
1 DAY.#CrowdViz releases on Labor Day September 7th! An IOS app that unites blind people with sighted assistants. 
I really hope I go to Disneyland tomorrow just because I didn't do my essay 
To all Christians on Twitter: have a blessed Sunday! To ALL Tweeters: have a great day &amp; happy tweeting! 
I hope Miami does this to the Knicks on Friday. #TeamHEAT 
Nice touch by @user to run the music from Friday Night Lights (@nbcfnl) during their tribute to Frank Gifford. #RIP 
"We were talking about Naruto,(me and my mom: she became a huge fan within past year) and I find it funny she called 1st hokage handsome x)" 
Hey #GH fans, we all must support @user in the upcoming season of #DWTS, premiering tomorrow night!! The pride of Port Charles!! 
@user Me too! Hopefully I get back soon enough to enjoy some drinks!! Shawn was saying you guys will be there Fri and Sat nite?? 
Before Bob Marley &amp; reggae, there was #ska. Hear the history of ska, in just 3 songs, tomorrow @ 2p CT on @user via @user 
GEORGE HARRISON - Here Comes the Sun [live acoustic] #nowplaying #listenlive 
Murray has decided to only hit Aces. Already 4 and it's just his 2nd game !! 
@user .... movies that I also love. But the 1st  JURASSIC PARK  is a true Masterpiece in my opion!!!!  Sincerely David H. Taylor 
TONIGHT!!! we proudly pres. our 7th HALLOWEEN party with LIMEWAX & many more - this time at Studio 21 (twenty one) 
So Michael Cole really sat there and called John Cena a fellow legend along with Sting? Wow. #WWE #RAW 
@user ""I'll tryeth to Thor, but at this rate we may as well goeth to a restaurant."" he looks at the time and smiles ""we're +" 
The best thing about Veteran Day tomorrow: the kids are off from school so I can sleep until 7:45 :) 
UALR fights off 3 match point by ASU to win 27-25. We are going 5. ASU 1-0 while UALR 5-4. 5th time is SBC play for UALR, 1st for Red Wolves 
@user Heard the song & I think this album is going to 10000x better than UAN, btw tomorrow Im coming to London, wanna see you!" 
I think I may actually be whipping through the Gilmore Girls series on Netflix too quickly... I'm gonna have to start over again! 
Floyd Mayweather is the best welterweight in the world &amp; he's fighting a man who is the 2nd best welterweight in his gym #MayweatherBerto 
For fans of Classic Progressive Metal... Threshold's new one MARCH OF PROGRESS is out NOW! Find it online:... 
Bel Ami you are one strange movie, but I like you and I must keep watching....I may have to read the book. 
@user tomorrow,Physician of the year dinner &other crap but Fluke comes first kay? I loveth you to infity to the infinitieth power 
Hillary my love @user . don't be down because you're in 2nd place behind Bernie okay. I believe in you. 
Watched 'Draft Day' tonight and it deserves a big thumbs up. Don't know much about NFL so I'm going to buy the NFL game on PS3 tomorrow. 
The Vamps ticket selling on November 7 and im gonna camp out for tickets rip me i really hope i get the ticket with m&amp;g 
"The Monday Night Football song will always feature ""Frank and Al and Dan"" to me. Thanks for the memories, Frank Gifford." 
"Although sincerely happy for all my fellow U2 fans who met the boys yesterday &amp; who will see them on Fri. &amp; Sat.,I'm just a wee bit jealous" 
@user Although you may know this better than I do since you're from California lol I'm not knocking Jay-Z view in black culture, I say 
@user He told me to tell you ""Thor may have the hammer, but I hit bombs - bring it"" - the kid is crazy.. 
yo me and sarah found the really attractive security man we saw at the sam smith concert last monday. let's not 
W/ @user 11 yrs. This is going to b fun, because I have Note 4. Samsung Will Announce Galaxy Note 5 On August 13th 
Get started early shopping for the holidays in Chelsea Oct 17 the perfect presents await! 
@user Man Friday of Modi is credited with the success. But Modi galvanised the cadre through his rallies. He caught peoples emagination 
@user wouldn't it be great if there was someone to bring us Dunkin tomorrow  (cough) @user 
Someone is celebrating their 30th in style tonight - we are off to a 30th Birthday party in the Bentley #arriveinstyle 
@user I am a big fan, and I would love to 1v1 you on AW on PS4. I am on the 25th Prestige( 10th Master Prestige) And I am pretty skilled." 
i really hope madison goes to digi tomorrow because i want to meet her 
Prayer with amazing men of God this morning, grocery shopping, arrival of my [2nd] Pokemon shirt, and purchased Big L’s first album. #cool 
Uncle John's Band by Grateful Dead is #nowplaying in The Sun, Lancaster.  Download it now at 
Decent outing from Canada against the 3rd highest ranked team in the world. Undone by a bit of brilliance by James Rodriguez. 
@user #Halloween Good .. And who is the 3rd? Valentine’s day? Or ? 
"I want a fansign from Twee, June, Mikasa and Jen o3o" 
Uber pumped about FCA breakfast tomorrow morning in the cafeteria! 7:30! Be there to fellowship, learn, and eat some free food! #RT 
@user May you please do a video on how to fight like Bruce lee and chuck Norris 
Cabin Fever 2 drops tomorrow. No way it’ll be better than Taylor Allderdice but i’m still pumped for it. @user 
"I would love instead of the Miss USA pageant, we would have like a Miss SAT pageant" 
Sunday Supplement are honestly making out that Kane is one of the best strikers in the world.  He isn't even the best striker at Tottenham. 
"I don't know about you guys, but i was ready for this break on Sunday of Thanksgiving break." 
Got my Mystic on just yesterday :) @user #Tan for #FREE @ any Hollywood Tans salon in Atl TOMORROW 3/10! Call 866-970-8267 
This Dustin Johnson start is going to be even better when he blows it on Saturday or Sunday. 
I really hope my mom takes me Thursday I could maybe reunite with Justin ahhhh 
Id literally be the happiest person alive if i got Zac Brown Band tickets for the 23rd at bethel 
My long shot dream announcement tomorrow from Apple: Apple TV video games include a partnership with Nintendo. 
Team Kumite in Tohoku championship We got 3rd place!!This photo was taken 3years ago...Do you know which I am? 
@user I may have misunderstood - I was referring to the Google+ message. AL 
"Community Event: Come support the Center for the Art of Performance at UCLA next Friday! In one special evening,... 
Fun week ahead...holiday today...AC/DC concert tomorrow and off to San Diego on Thursday for the Lions opener on Sunday...#funtimes 
Dishonoured is awesome! Not quite sure where to rank it. Journey and Walking dead are one and two. I think it’s 4th behind Mass Effect 3. 
I'm in Nike shorts and a tank and some bitch just asked if I work at pac sun....bye 
I know y'all band wagoning j Cole and Kendrick if you thought Black Friday was fire 
Amazing that Derrick, on his 28th birthday, gets called up from the D League to an incredible franchise like the San Antonio Spurs. 
Berkshire's Buffett says bought some IBM shares in Q3 - CNBC: NEW YORK, Sept 8 (Reuters) - Warren Buffett, the... 
VH1’s storytellers is coming back on Nov 11, my birthday! Coincidence? Nah, someone just finally loves me. 
Janet Jackson &amp; Luther the best for Saturday cleaning 
just checked for events happening at Gila River Arena in September and I got SO excited to see that Sam Smith is playing. On September 30th 
@user don't know the order, but top 3 albums are from Kendrick, The Weeknd &amp; Bieber (Taylor Swift 4th)" 
ANT-MAN:                   Screening:  Sat &amp; Sun @ 1.00pm Super Tue @ 6.00pm  Armed with the astonishing ability... 
By @user My 7 y/o just back talked me.  Tomorrow while she's at school I'm logging into Minecraft and destroying her entire village. 
It’s Friday before WPPI! Who is going this year?! I AM!! Before I leave on Sunday, I wanted to give out a fun... 
It appears Douglas Adams may have right about telephone sanitisers all along. 
@user February when J Coke and Kendrick colab come out that thing is just gonna burst into flames 
Hahah Lol so Halilovic was shaking when he saw Messi for the 1st time. I'ld probably faint if i ever meet him. 
I still believe I was the first person to listen to Sam smith in bmt...since 8th grade 
"pretty sure it's the end of the school week now, Friday is the end right, or is it Wednesday? I forget  
@user aye see. Going to Runrig on Saturday up in Inverness then going to Knockhill on Sunday!! X 
RT @user DC's version of Paris' Nuit Blanche is just 6 days away!! I can't wait ;-) 
@user like those are you dance moves, Mariah Carey is playing, overly excited for a holiday that won't be here till December... It's you! 
@user He's the 2nd Daario from Game Of Thrones who's more charming than the original:   
made $145 in tips tonight, my dad's fixing my car tomorrow, &amp; I'm buying my Eric Church ticket soon, I guess my moods a little better. 
@user toooo excited for you to play tomorrow at Bluesfest its crazy. Ill be wearing a fuck ton of glow sticks. 
"Before it's too late, happy 2nd bday Prince George. Stay sassy. 
Watching Amy Schumer: Live at the Apollo makes me so excited for Sunday when @user brings @user 
Someone come see AC/DC with me Thursday 
Who wants to go with me to the BHC tomorrow to the meet &amp; greet with Tyler &amp; Catelynn from Teen Mom at 8? 
@user Happy Birthday Pope Francis! May the almighty God bless you always and keep you strong for all Christians! 
"Happy 16th Anniversary to Stone Brewing! If you, like us, couldn't make it down for the party at the brewery,... 
Good night everyone tomorrow the 5SOS FAM bandanas and red X's on your hands for Ashton #Ashtonweloveyou  #5SOSFamilyIsHereForYouAshton 
The only thing that could be better than Aaron Samuels doing the jingle bell rock dance on Dancing with the Stars is if it was on October 3 
please change the 10th ww trend into Niall and Bianca yes much better! 
"Come support the Center for the Art of Performance at UCLA next Friday! In one special evening, Grupo Fantasma... 
Anyone wanna see Jason Aldean with me Sept 17th?! Got an extra ticket!!!! 
@user @user tomorrow is the big day, see you at #BNA 
@user that's the 2nd rec for Pop Culture Happy Hour so I'll have to add that. I've listened to all of Serial &amp; I'm fine with Ira :) 
1st time watching Sharknado--too freaking funny! Luv the cast! Watching #3&amp; def will watch the 1st two! Gotta join Sharknado cult following! 
I can't wait to see Donald Trump at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Sep 14. I heard he was 10 ft. tall &amp; bulletproof. #Trump2016 
@user please tell me you are doing Foo Fighters gig @ Milton Keynes Sat? Hubs had food @ silverstone today &amp; it looked AMAZING!! 
A little write up about Creative Alliance. Great place to work. &gt; 
Too excited to go to the Redskins game Sunday with @user 
just booked my tickets for Ant-Man for this friday. can't wait! 
Possibly going to Comic Con in Santa Fe. Can I make a Mikasa scout outfit before the 24th it's on! 
Ever have a song that just hits the right spot for you? These Days by The Foo Fighters was it for me. Side note: mom gets diagnosis tomorrow 
Not new but worth reading again if you have already: Google's Hiring Wishlist #learning #cognition 
@user will probably give it another try in the future. I wasn't into Game of Thrones at 1st try, but I kept watching &amp; it grew on me 
Had a great time last night @ the Queen Mary. I thought I saw a ghost but it turned out to be a really old lady needing some sun. 
"HEROES! Well, almost. These four lucky residents scored gigs in 'Ant-Man.' Check out the story tomorrow! 
"Finally watching Paper Towns tomorrow, it better do the book justice" 
I really hope that Obama attends Serena's match on Saturday...Ciara's doing the National Anthem. Give us deze ratings biches. 
@user  Thank a lot to you,  David,  for the magic music night in Milan on 2nd last!!!  We wait for you back  (with orchestra)" 
Why are all the great tv shows on a Monday night? channel surfing between Fashion Star and the Voice US and the Olympics...too much choice 
"Watching """"The Woman In Black"""" for the 9th time hahaha" 
@user i just saw your tweet about Livin' On A Prayer from the 25th. I am so proud of you and mad at twitter for not sharing sooner! 
"Going to the movies tomorrow to watch Southpaw, Paper Towns, Train Wreck and then Ant-Man again." 
ECHO Entertainment News: Jade Wright previews the best programmes on TV tonight (Thursday): ANYONE who accuses C... 
BOOM!!! Solo shot for @user right over Josh Hamilton's head!! His 29th of the season tying @user for the MLB lead! 1-0 @user ! 
WHO CANT WAIT FOR MINECRAFT 0.12 ON IOS BUT NOW U DONT HAVE TO WAIT CAUSE IT WILL BE SUBMITTED AT 8th september 1 day left 
@user 1win from the Superbowl! Game tomorrow at noon! Git r done! 
Alex Theriault: AC/DC!! John and Holly are rockin'! All the way to Magnetic Hill to see AC/DC on September 5th!... 
"Got the feeling that if Ocarina of Time is the 1st Star Wars trilogy, then Wind Waker is the prequels and this new one is Twilight Princess" 
"Taylor Kitsch may not be a leading man, or able to open a movie, but he was quite good in The Bang Bang Club- Ryan Phillippe as well" 
MT @user Council of Can chair Maude Barlow hits road to speak on protecting the Great Lakes; 8-city tour will see her in #hamont May 16 
@user I may have to do that. :) Did you see my Disney pics from Star Wars Weekends? 
This Friday we warmly embrace all things KIWI!! NZ v Tonga will be playing on the rooftop with a NZ flavoured BBQ and Steinlager a plenty 
"Rodgers just confirmed that both Allen and Can are fit, and will be back in the squad for Sunday's trip to QPR. #LFC" 
Ice cube made today was a good day. And wrote and starred in Friday. Today we bump cube. 
"GOAL Neymar! 0-2, reminds me of the game before between Valencia &amp; Atleti just at the end of the 1st half! #fcblive #rayfcb" 
Happy Friday!!!Stephen Colbert Sings Friday with Jimmy Fallon and The Roots (Late Night with Jimmy Fallon) 
Previously unreleased Kurt Cobain song debuts in #MontageOfHeck See it in these theaters Aug 7 
RT @user Tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season 13 of DWTS! Make sure you tune in to the Bachelor Pad to find out the sexy cast. 
@user fans.. We play NY this weekend on SATURDAY @ RFK in DC. Nov 3rd. I can't wait to see all of DC out to support us. Love you guys 
I am so tempted to book MIAMI right now in January for my birthday and February for the Lakers vs Heat game! Dare me? Double dog dare me? 
"Bad Blood drops next Friday!  Hyped!  #theghostisneartour is in Gettysburg tonight, so come hang!  @user 
Nirvana by the waterfront...cool ass breeze...sun. All is peace. 
Get exactly what you want... Incredible Art Gallery 15th and Curtis! #Denver #disney #disneyfineart 
Women 100m Final London Grand Prix July 14th 2012 [HD]: the ONLY Nigerian athlete I have faith in is this woman 
This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day! We will be offering free gelato on the patio all Day! Flavors include... 
Save the night, save the day. Save the love, come what may. Love is worth everything we pay. #tebakLagu #duet #barat *clue, OST.nya Zorro* 
Here you go @user What to expect from Apple's BIG event &gt;&gt; fallen off the chair with excitment. 
Obama will be the 2nd biggest person to stay in Lough Erne golf resort after Bert McCormick #fact #cantgetitcantbegot 
Can it just be Sunday so I can go to Burlington's Pride Parade? 
Are you coming to our Book Swap on Thursday night? You should, it is fucking ace: 
I liked ’Kendrick Lamar - The Rave / Eagles Club - September 22, 2012 ...’ in the The Rave / Eagles Club App 
"46 yr old vet Serafim Todorov, the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather, makes his return to the ring on Sun. Will fight on card in Bulgaria" 
@user then you may like the Magic Mike XXL soundtrack 
this saturday at 1.30pm (Australian times) the Janoskians will be hosting their TOP 20 favourite songs on MTV Hits. 
Caraway wins by sub in the 3rd but I still think Rhonda Rousey could beat him. #GFYH #thaoshow 
So I might go to the Selma vs. Kingsburg game tomorrow (: 
I'm going to a Sam Smith concert tomorrow hahahahahaha I totally forgot 
Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 coming to Sprint with LTE on November 11th: Good news for Sprint customers in th... #android#tech 
Prince George celebrates with cake! How did your little one celebrate their 2nd birthday? #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge 
@user forget tanning in the sun. Come to Hollywood Tans and get your bronze on in just minutes... Saver, Faster and Private!" 
Frank Ocean's Aaliyah cover of at your best gets me every time ..  110 that song is gonna be my 1st dance song with the woman I marry 
Tudou Owners Get World's Best Deal with Youku - BusinessWeek (blog) 
Awesome wedding shoot in Amsterdam today, excited fot the next one on Saturday in a castle in Utrecht... previews coming soon.... 
Can today already be over with? I am ready to go to Murray State tomorrow!!! #CollegeVisit :) 
Tomorrow is one of our favorite days of the year: National Hot Dog Day! Stop in for our yearly $1.50 hot dog to... 
"when the best talent is on internship......  """"@temasekpoly: Sony is coming to TP this Friday to look for student talents!""""" 
Kendrick Lamar....Black Friday...raw he went in @user 
oops i'm rewatching nicki's performance for probably the 5th time 
@user @user that was 10th grade Lexus. 12th grade Lexus has become the better of both evils 
#Specialneeds judo weekly class on at the #Southville Centre tomorrow night - medal winning sports stars! 
And what a lovely surprise it was to hear Big Brother on this track.  Happy Friday y'all. 
is all about One Night by Elvis Presley 
"Carlo Ancelotti: """"Ofcourse I would sign Lionel Messi. Tomorrow we'll read this. We're just kidding.""""" 
@user @user Yeah, It's on netflix I think now. I still like the futuristic and action concepts even today." 
"(Unwired View) Samsung SCH-S759 with Windows Phone gets Wi-Fi, Bluetooth certified, may be headed to China Telecom 
"Rest in peace Lee soo man's wife . My deep condolences  , bereaved family it may be given consolation .." 
Paul McCartney at @user on Friday! I wish I could go back to that day #PaulMcCartney 
top 20 green day videos on @user this afternoon! TWENTY green day vids! EXCITED! 
@user fire Andy and bench Vick is how we win Monday....put foles in already.  He could be the next peyton manning 
Just in case you need some inspiration today. Steve Jobs' 2005 Stanford Commencement Address: via @user 
Ghoncheh Ghavami's day in court will take place on October 16th. Let's hope she is freed soon #Iran #humanrights 
Conor McGregor lived up to the 3 million dollar bet he wanted to make with Dana of KOing Mendes in the 2nd. 
@user @user @user @user @user my blues mates did the lot last yr,loved it. Kyiv is immense place,may be going Jan" 
@user @user Sorry, had to go home.  Nintendo's priority with the NX should be having a good 1st-party launch lineup. 
This is the year that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel! 
@user @user Cody may be responsible for good in the way that Ras Al Ghul is responsible for Batman. 
Im hyperventilating about tomorrow with Justin and ellen i dont think Im gonna be able to sleep tomorrow i think it gonna be the best bday 
It's Sunday and its a TOP game in the Serie A with both #Pjanic and #Dzeko starting against Juventus. I love it. 
Listening to Kanye West on this tuesday morning was the best idea. And I dont even like Kanye. 
@user Big fan of your work! Star Trek, Threshold, Fresh Hell, Alphas, etc and may meet you in person at DSTL! Yay! You Rock!" 
"Big Brother Facts ... BB7 was All-Stars, and @user won the 1st ever OTEV Competition #BB17 
hahahaha spanish people and Nadal’s box all smiling after the break in the 5th set HAHAHAHAHAHA #rewatchingAOfinal 
@user hi Ben ^_^ hope to see you in Seattle in October! I'm moving there from Ireland. Yay! 
@user Naruto better bruh DBZ cool and all but I'm a Naruto guy at heart lol Boruto the movie come out in November narutos son 
#independent Ludacris wraps up his 10th anniversary of LudaDay weekend: Step aside Labor Day, the... #news #world 
"you can meet the mandem you can meet the fam,1st class shopping trip to milan #manlikegatsby @user @user 
Yoga for the mind and soul. Join us for twilight yoga at 5pm Monday evening #YouRDay 
It’s Monday Night Football Wrangler Nation!  Game time 7:05pm vs. the Wichita Wild!  Get your tickets now to cheer... 
"Time for bed! Hope it rains tomorrow.... And wake up to a Harry, Niall, Liam, Louis and Zayn follow #MTVHottest One Direction" 
@user drop them off at King Kog on your way to CX practice tomorrow! Shawn is the best! 
It's WAXX New Music Tuesday!  This morning we're featuring the brand new song from Zac Brown Band called... 
November: my birthday month, election day, a weekend in San Fran with @user Naples for Thanksgiving, lots of friends & family. YES. 
Tomorrow's the day 2 Fleebaggers get sent packing for good! On Wisconsin! #tcot #teaparty #wiunion #wirecall #gop #tpx 
There better be a cold beer waiting for me at the finish line to the Pride Parade on Sunday! #thisisnotajoketweet 
Brilliant game by the Eagles today. Fitting way to mark 25 years of footy! #goeagles #afleaglestigers 
"Jordan Spieth and Dustin Johnson in 2nd, it's a good day" 
@user u boys ready to hand out more pancakes than they make at IHOP this sat night 
Peter Whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty Roger Johnson as my favorite CCFC player ever! More of the same Tuesday please 
Lmao just turned on my ipod for 1st time in 4evs &amp; this is the last photo 
Remember to tune into this weeks #Legend Quest on #SyFy tonight. The team are on the trail of Merlin and King Solomon - what a fine blend! 
Thank god tomorrow is the last day for PSSAs! 
Snoop dogg may be the funniest human alive 
...which ends up with more photographs of Prince George on the front covers of newspapers! That worked well... 
"#SmartNCAA: It's another 'Yes para sa tres' for the ""Ant-man"" Mark Cruz! Letran stil on top, 72-53 with 1:53 remaining in the 4th!" 
Fav. and I might bring you a Red Bull tomorrow. 
I’ll be playing #MITD tonight around 8:30pm EST. Open Lobby will most likely be TOMORROW EVENING. Keep an eye on YouTube/Twitter. 
"As some of you may know, I am a medium on top of my tarot reading. I had a great time in Prince George doing a... 
Maybe because of this he may compliment Kendrick if they both did a collab album &amp; might fight to hold his own might be good 
@user links are working fine on my IOS device. Some times on the first click I get a "open in safari ?" Cancel it &amp; do a 2nd click. Works 
MBN reveals #10 in #ORLrank tomorrow (top 10 players in Magic franchise history). Can’t wait to reveal who it is. 
Have a lovely Sunday and keep it MYSA 
Ill always remember Frank Gifford calling the Monday Night Football games!! #Salute 
@user Lowry’s getting $12 mil over 2 years, Lin’s getting $25 over 3 but $14.8 mil in the 3rd year. I’d say Toronto got better value. 
The song 'Sunday Bloody Sunday' by U2 has a whole new level of real for me. After visiting the city and memorial sites #history 
I'm just waiting for Floyd Mayweather to announce that he fighting September 11th !!!!! I'm waiting to book his shit !!! 
Sting, Ric Flair, &amp; the Dudley Boyz. Thank you Mon Night Raw 
So many gr8t things 2 do n Detroit! Get up & get at it! Sun gonna shine bright! Yur presence makes da day brighter! What's up n yur city? 
"Tomorrow is going to be my tenth time seeing Shawn perform, I'm so lucky to be able to even once, this is so insane" 
Come out and have some laughs with Me, Spartacus, and Max at Caroline’s Comedy Club this Wednesday October 24th!... 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day! Here's every place you can get free ice cream: 
Watched Jurassic World for the 4th and last time. Like the first time again. Thank you again for making another JP. 
We want Gaga in 1st #VideoMTV2015 Fifth Harmony #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Dallas!!! Are you ready to come have a great night with us?! We can't wait to blow the roof off with you! 
@user thank you for the @user Friday Night is Music Night Trailer.... makes me smile and excited every time 
"FACT: Lady Gaga was the highest voted female on  with over 120,202,201 votes! 2nd overall behind 1D!  
FACT Bigbang is the only 3rd Generation of KPOP grp that are still complete. (cr.Seungrisenpai) 
Oii @user make Martin Atkinson referee for #CFC vs #MUFC clash on 28th. Thanks <3 
Paul McCartney did not disappoint the 4th time.  #Legendofmusic 
I would say him and Rousey are the hottest athletes in sports right now. SAVAGE  
Awesome week coming up. Are you ready for some football ? Ravens v. Dream Team Thursday at 7:30 and Redskins v.... 
@user My dream is to meet Katy Perry this October 6 in Chile , I want a meet and greet with it , please help me to fulfill it! please" 
"i just won the sickest game of the show in 19 innings cause Ryan Braun is a stud, home run in the 9th to tie then a homer in the 19th to win" 
Pretty sure when me and the siblings exchange presents tomorrow there'll be 3 Justin Bieber Purpose albums in the gaff 
May Allah (SWT) purify Erdogan's intentions.  He is indeed a gem of the Ummah.  May he strive upon the Qur'an and the Sunnah. Ameen 
May possibly like Dream High 2 better than the original! #gasp! 
I think I may have finally figured it all out and understand the big picture Currently in a state of nirvana and I've never felt more ______ 
CULTURE (Down Town, Mon 23, 1:00pm): Come celebrate spanish literature at World Book Day by the Cervantes... 
@user Thank you! Maybe this may attract more American fans to Kpop? Or maybe even Kpop fans to English pop? 
Rainy Friday night in perfect for losing myself in the beauty of the Chelsea Flower Show on @user 
"Also I may not know Nicki, but I trust her. - @user as we discuss Nicki Minaj @ the VMAs" 
"RT""""@3gerardpique: Great win 2-0 against America to end the USA tour! Now, it's time to play against Italy on wednesday with Spain! #tourfcb""""" 
i want IHOP tomorrow morning :( 
"Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. To celebrate, the following retailers are offering some pretty sweet deals. 
Wrapping up a 14 hour day in Huntsville. LOVE watching the Labs AND my students work. Can’t wait for more tomorrow.  WooHoo!  #thealienlife 
Great night with @user Now watching Vampire Diaries again &lt;3 
"Yes, I bought the 10th anniversary edition of Twilight where she rewrote the book with the genders of all of the characters flipped..." 
"Attention Romo haters. Guess who is the 4th highest career qb rating all time? That's right..higher than Manning, Brees, Warner, Montana etc" 
Thank you Frank Gifford for the many Monday Night memories.  You'll be missed 
So stoked to see the Foo Fighters again this Tuesday 
Federer overtakes Lendl for second longest streak of being seeded at the US Open in the Open Era. 15th straight year. Connors leads with 18. 
RT @user Matt & Trey on 60 Minutes tomorrow. I haven't been this excited for a segment since Andy Rooney learned about cordles ... 
The String Quartet Tribute To Nirvana -  Smells Like Teen Spirit | I'll play this all day on the 31st...just because 
Rise and shine getting the field in good shape before Pro Day tomorrow #UISbaseball2013 
"Nicki Minaj - Pink Friday, up 15 places, to #16 on the Official UK Top 40 :) 
@user On the holy occasion OF EID Here is wishing that May the blessing of Allah Light up your way And lead u to eternal 
Sharknado 3 tomorrow. Sorta like the best day ever. 
Anybody want 2 tickets to the Chris Brown concert on Wednesday. $20 bucks each and they are in section 205. Lemme know! 
Adding Justin Bieber on snapchat was the best decision I've made since last Saturday. 
You may have seen this but John Cena has given his 500th Make a Wish gift for a kid. My hat is off to you Mr Cena 
Tea Salon's 4th Birthday Celebration starts on Google+ in a few minutes.  Must be following the page to see invite:  
One lucky person will win a DROID BIONIC from @user Sept 10th. I hope it will be me. Droid Bionic is awesome! 
Angela Merkel is a true leader . She has to tell a 14yr girl she cant have everyone stay in Germany 
RIP Frank Gifford. He was the voice Monday Night Football when I was growing up. Great player as well. 
Tomorrow is the new Naruto episode can't fucking wait lol shit got real 
Guest teaching  Super Saturday with Kris Gordon rocked! (@ Wisconsin Athletic Club) 
Hey Jesus, I come to you asking that the power goes out in Winans so I won’t have to go to school tomorrow also. I thank you in advance Amen 
"Niki &amp; The Dove make a beautiful performance of """"Tomorrow"""" and """"DJ, Ease My Mind"""" at Roskilde Festival 
#BreakingDawnPart2 The Saga may end but the love and friendships will last 4ever #LoveIsLouderthanRollingTheFinalCredits @user 
@user no stop please.  P.S. total ripoff of another song. I’ll play it for you in yearbook tomorrow...oh wait. 
May have a man crush on Ace! Like how is someone just naturally tht sweet!    #HeHasFourBrot @ Laurel Tavern 
@user @user however conflicted I may feel about Watchman's publication this is a hella great upside to it. 
Planned Parenthood Continues to Stand Strong by Meagan Gallagher On July 14, a group calling itself the Centers... 
Depp joins Cate Blanchett &amp; Saoirse Ronan as an honoree at the 27th annual Palm Springs International Film Festival 
Awwwwwright! It's Leaving Cert results night tonight - Giggity Giggity Giggity Goo !   (Quagmire from Family Guy is in Dublin tonight ) 
@user I’ll see you tomorrow! I’ll be with my friend from Germany who came for her first hockey game! :) shed like to meet you! :) 
"Paper Towns is out here next Monday, I need someone to go watch it with!" 
I have no doubt that Wiggins will win Tour de Romandie tomorrow. Second stage race win after Paris-Nice. He’s so going to be on TDF podium! 
Messi, I'll see you tomorrow don't worry 
I wish I was going to MetLife tonight but I'm not upset about it cause I'm going to Baltimore on Saturday.... 
randy orton still got he looks mon!!! 
"What'd you do Friday afternoon/night?"  Me: nothing just watched Jurassic World twice 
"I'll see Paper Towns tomorrow with some friends, can't wait" 
Who's looking forward to the new series of #DoctorWho starting on the BBC on the 19th? 
Cant wait to move to Hawaii this Saturday! Promotion, New townhouse, new car & with myKING... Definitely a happy girl :) 
The Notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time<3 
We are underway in Iowa for Saturday Night Anarchy! Managed by the new General Manager of Anarchy Ric Flair! 
"I'd say for my Top 5 it's Nu Wa, Ravana, Thor, Sun Wukong and Serqet" 
I just can't wait for Ed Sheeran on Saturday 
so i gave up on buying tix to Slay Bells in december. then ic the CreativeCollab tour and find out it is Digi. @user is following me man 
On September 1 2012, Madonna performed her MDNA Tour on the Plains of Abraham in Quebec City. A sold out crowd of... 
@user Hi Fiona thanks for following #Econokit - you may like to use #bizikent and RT/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk :) 
Good afternoon on a beautiful Tuesday from the unseen high-angle view in Hat Yai! 
There you go! Murray breaks back in the 3rd. Can he make another comeback here? Looooong way to go! #USOpen2015 #@usopen 
so ready for October. pre vaca to my out of the country vacation. &amp; a new Lexus is on my radar. 
"#NFL and #ESPN have as many kinks to work out as the teams -- they just flashed the """"Monday Night Football"""" graphic..." 
@user sweet keep me updated I'm getting ready for our big Jiujitsu promotion at the end of Feb. 
Come see us tonight at Eldora Speedway for the 29th Annual Kings Royal! This afternoon starting at 2:30 p.m. is... 
Being able to wake up before the sun rises and not depend on coffee is pretty convenient...still gonna buy some joe tho lol 
but on the bright side IM GOING TO JUSTIN BIEBER IN MARCH 
"""""Eskom’s #Entrepreneurship #Education Simama Ranta"""" 9 provincial winning schools exhibit at Coca-Cola Dome 13 - 16 September. See you there" 
"Ant-man was good tho. And props to the guy who mention about the 2nd extra scene at the end of the movie, you da real mvp." 
Janowicz was #221 in January and the win over Murray today takes him to #46 - Good year! Mega potential! #36 if he beats Tipsarevic. 
"I purchase Kendrick, Cole, August, Lito, Drake etc. they give you records that mean something, that relate to life" 
You knew he acted, but did you know he also directs? Check it - @user 2nd ADed this short film, Oracle. 
HBO announced they received a pair of specials from Bono and U2 that will air in a Documentary in November. Will you watch the U2 Special? 
"PSYCHED that Jeff Shaara just released the 1st of 3 new books! """"Blaze of Glory"""" about the Shiloh &amp; the Western theatre of the Civil War!" 
This is like the day before my Ed Sheeran concert dude no wait a few days  
It's a good feeling when you're getting killed but realize you'll finish today in first place and have David Price pitching tomorrow 
Watching the original Sharknado prepping for #Sharknado3 tomorrow. 
"Happy Birthday Mom! The sun is shining bright today :). I miss you always. Love, Daniela """"Rella"""" lol Xo 
"Pinoy Big Brother celebrates it's 10th year on air! Happy 10 years, PBB! #PBB10years" 
"In the middle of downtown Dallas, is the Winspear Opera House. Where I saw @user on May 24th. Best night ever. 
"#MCFashion Make your Friday morning a happy one, watch as Brad Pitt breakdances with Jimmy Fallon: 
@user @user making them is awesome but on a lazy Sunday it is best left to Antonio Carluccio plus I can't get them sticky inside 
"Was crying, but then I remembered that I'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow night with Seren woohoo!!!" 
Saw at last Kung Fu Panda 2 yesterday with my cousins =)) 
Hocking Hills Yoga Studio had a great Explore Yoga class at the winery tonight! Next class is Thursday at 6PM! #hockinghillsyogastudio 
Great job tonight @user I heard you may be a fan of Game of Thrones. @user @user @user 
"Just drove through Calle Ocho on a Friday night. Never knew it was Cuban brickell. Outside bars, lounges, pubs... Interesting.." 
Steve Martin, Dan Aykroyd, Chevy Chase, John Belushi one of the best comedians in Sat Night Live.. 
"Awesome, Paul McCartney at the ACC in October. So expensive and the people may be out of my comfortable age range haha." 
@user Thanks to the President’s support, I’m on track to become the 1st college grad in my small business owning family. 
Can't wait for tomorrow. #ProperFootball Only problem is my usual pub is showing the Arsenal game instead. 
"Monkey Movie, ayyyyyee! RT@AderaDoesIt: Going to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes tonight with the family :)" 
Now sat in Milan. Italian efficiency at it best. Who even knows where I'll be sent next on my quest for... 
Did anybody notice Jurassic World is currently the 3rd highest grossing film in domestic box office history? Damn... 
"Sharknado is the best movie ever, but April has got to go. #AprilDies" 
Our Ina &amp; Oracle location will be closed tomorrow the 7th. But we know you need to fill your Smoothie cravings... 
Don't forget to sign up for our Right To Offend Debate with David Aaronovitch &amp; Mehdi Hasan next Thursday 
"#SNL Well it's a good thing I stumbled upon Maya Rudolph, Amy Schumer, Paul McCartney &amp; Bruce's 3rd # after #ROH10man. #Cheeseburger #KGET" 
Is drake man enoff 2 diss snoop Dogg?, I bet he will be a dead man by sun down!!!! Uncle snoopy takes no shit 
I literally finishing an entire season in one day. I'm an addict. Today netflix dot com, tomorrow crack cocaine. 
"END OF TIME by Beyonce, I heard it today and iIm hooked, ahhhhhhhhhh i love it to the ultimate MAX!!!!!" 
Thinking I'm absolutely hilarious sat here playing the John Cena theme tune on a recorder 
Meet the new NSA; Major General MT Monguno.... May almighty God give him the wisdom to defeat Boko Haram! Amen 
"Princess Charlotte may have stole the show, but we just can't handle how adorable little prince George is!... 
@user If the Vols step up to the challenge of Ole Miss, don't expect the Vols to go down without a 4th quarter dogfight" 
So apparently February 16th is going to be the day when Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole drop the greatest thing on earth. 
good morning @user  you can't stop me from buying the Nokia N9 #Meego #maemo 
But with a new iPad coming out, I may be able to snag an older iPad at a decent price. 
"Mj had 12, Kendrick with 11 on an album our culture didnt love at 1st, although grammys are hit &amp; miss in hip hop hes influencing people" 
@user Yes sir! Airasia's inagural flight. Thank you Sir Jim for the photo opportunity and reply. My 1st time to b tweeted back! Yehey! 
Make your own Sundae on Sunday with us at Pretend City! Enjoy National Ice Cream Day on us! 
The sound of #Sunday with Jason Derulo - Snoop Dogg - Wiggle #zondag #dimanche 
"See everyone around the St.  Patrick's Day Parade on 5th Ave, 1000 hours. Have a great day!" 
"Sunday fun night. come hang out and be loved, Revcoak on the PS4 tonight: 
Blue Monday! THOR has your back!We love you Joan! 
"Good morning. Happy Wednesday. Zac Brown Band fans, Where you at? #MakeItPossible ;)" 
I am just unbelievably excited to be leaving tomorrow for Green Bay. Like Disney World and a Caribbean vacation rolled into one. LOL 
It's good to see my man David Wright back in the lineup... Time to be a captain and lead us deep into October #mets #LGM 
Cate Blanchett rocked these stunning gold statement drop earrings at the 5th AACTA Awards! redcarpet 
@user Dear @user please air the Green Bay vs Carolina game on Sunday in the North Mississippi area. Sincerely, @user 
@user my ipod was broken today by bullies and I got the pieces back today. if I get this ipod I will scream thank you mar 
"Thursday night Fantasy Draft, Friday day Charlotte football viewing party, Friday night Jason Aldean, Saturday ECU, Sunday LKN!" 
Lovely preview in the Kensinton &amp; Chelsea News for Amici's new show '35 Amici Drive' opens tomorrow at @user 
@user Frock Me fair returns to Chelsea Old Town Hall this Sunday from 11am with lots of amazing #vintagefashion 
"tomorrow at 9, I'll be fangirling over the tv show """"Styled To Rock"""" which has fashion designing and @user - omfg I'LL BE IN HEAVEN" 
But on the real there may never be a bigger rapper/activist/filmmaker/businessman better than Ice Cube... 
September 6th, Labor Day 2015 marked the 58th Annual Mackinac Bridge Walk.  Every year 40,000 people come to walk... 
"Mertesacker is first choice for me, Koscielny and Vermalen should fight for the other spot tomorrow. He just compliments the 2 brilliantly." 
I think since its Twilight the books 10th anniversary Twilight the movie should take home at least one Oscar 
"Crossfire Hurricane, amazing film and finally some proper music on Saturday night TV!! Oh to have seen the Stones live back then!" 
Get ready to watch some Minecraft with me Arena, what a way to spend a monday night eh? @user @user 
A few cinemas will be showing the WWA concert film again on Friday 17th so if you haven't seen it yet GO 
Aye yo add me on snapchat because im going to be snapchatting everything tomorrow at digi - nicoletrevino63 
@user Oh! Wow! I must see it then... Daniel Radcliffe is not one of my fave actors, but this may help me overcome my aversion... :D x 
@user clearly for the packers game. Dec 23. And yes. I love vests. #iwishbrodywouldwearone #isheturnedornot?????? 
De La Soul on @user with @user Now this is a proper Saturday night! 
@user Magic Mike XXL is still playing the awesome Simi Valley 10 bargain house but the run ends Thursday: 
Grateful Dead Ship of the Sun Poster Original Numbered Edition A Kelley H Greene 
Kim Coates was awesome on #Entourage tonight. Although it makes me really miss Sons of Anarchy. Can't wait #SAMCRO 
All are invited to the Remembrance Service this Sunday at 4 p.m. in The Chapel. This is a beautiful way to pay... 
I want be here most of tomorrow so don't expect me to retweet low res close up pics of snoop dogg 
I need a 3rd game to record. Any suggestions guys? :) at the moment I have Until Dawn and Minecraft. 
"Carlo Ancelotti: """"Isco is a very important player. Tomorrow, James Rodriguez will start - he rested ON Wednesday."""" #HaalMadrid""""" 
Happy Goodwill Wednesday! I almost forgot what day it was. Stupid Labor Day weekend has me all jacked up.... 
This is a lovely post about Zayn for those who still have issues with him. May make you consider things differently. 
1st match of the night: Randy Orton vs. Sheamus. Let's get it on! #SummerSlam #WWENetwork #WWEBrooklyn #RandyOrton #Sheamus 
@user but tomorrow will be 18 months since the best night ever spent with you in Milan Really hope we can do it again one day 
"Watching 'The Announcement' for 2nd time. Story of Magic Johnson & HIV. Its a fantastic documentary, upbeat message about a sad topic" 
"Bad Blood has just reached 400,000,000 views on @user It's Taylor Swift 4th video to do so. 
It's Thursday March 8. That can only mean one thing. Happy IWD half the planet :-) Read about it here: #WomensDay #IWD 
"Nicki is truly a loving and forgiving God, may we all show the same mercy she has shown to taylor to those who have wronged us. Amen." 
@user Good. How about you, Liam? Bytheway, good luck for tomorrow.. :) 
@user 1st record, &amp; best memory of buying an album with my own $, was Michael Jackson's Thriller. In that moment, I was a rockstar. 
i wanna party with justin and get really drunk then fuck like theres no tomorrow 
"My magic cell phone just said """"ESPN SportsCenter - Watch the 20th annual ESPY Awards on ESPN"""" ... I'7m0BV" 
Dustin Johnson has a great chance to win the @user as long as there is no Sunday round. @user 
- LMAO @ Antonio Carluccio and Gennaro Contaldo wanting some chocolate mousse cake on Saturday kitchen haha. They really want some. 
Surprised to discover this morning that the Bee Gees are actually a good antidote to M 
@user I am now watching Sharknado for the 1st time. This will be interesting 
@user looking very emotional at the Remembrance Service on Sunday, Danny. #Respect 
RT @user Good gig tonight in Derby!!! 
Can I just say that I love John McBain aka Michael Easton! Welcome to Port Charles!!! But they don't need to bring Natalie! #gh 
We want to wish good luck to all our Red Stars that are kicking off their college season tonight around the country! We'll recap on Monday. 
@user is the real deal. I cannot wait to use it tomorrow night. PL Tournament. Watch it on CBS College Sports at 8:00 pm 
But what's that off in the distant? Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No. It's Joe Biden! 
I'm like a little kid the night before going to Disneyland! Can't wait to be in #Houston tomorrow for @user game! #freezeTAMU #ASU 
That unforgettable moment when Milan was crowned king of Europe for the 6th time.  Sheva vs Buffon. 
Checked out Our Lady Peace at Bluesfest tonight and spending the day at the beach for HOPE volleyball tomorrow. Gotta love summer weekends! 
My bulls play tomorrow..without DRose but it's ok. A true fan sticks with his team no matter what.! #bulls 
#NG Eagles unity thrills Oliseh: Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has expressed delight at the unity in the Su... 
Holiday to the eternal city is booked. Fly out early December. Hoorah. 
"after the VMAs last night, Nicki gave me the courage to stand up against my math teacher who wrongfullyy marked me absent last thursday" 
I got two tickets VIP to Ed Sheeran tomorrow at the American Airlines arena. Hmu if you want them 
Kendrick at the end of black Friday crack me up every time 
Very excited about this Tuesday night @user free iced coffee and smoothies courtesy of Dunkin' Donuts will be there set up. 
The bulls are going to kick the Kings asses tomorrow night. 
@user Cannot wait for you to get back. Hopefully we see you around April for Dark Souls 3 :D! 
with J Davlar 11th. Main rivals are team Poland. Hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow. 
"Lol Paul McCartney tomorrow, definitely don't believe it still" 
in 4th place:  Gay men and the battle to be happy | by @user |  | 
Sundays vlog is processing, Monday's is exporting... You know for having to do it all on a iPad is say I'm doing pretty good. 
"1 day left!Time is ticking down...Tonga should start getting worried ('',). Just kidding, may the best team win!!!('',) tomorrow.Go BLACKs" 
RT @user August 14 is Pakistan's independence day! Get ready for the celebrations with a patriotic PicBadge .T ... 
Delivery has just arrived for Sunday's National Ice Cream Day. Staff are getting excited here for their sundae's!... 
Brock Lesnar's the best thing going in wrestling.   There's not even a close 2nd. 
Congrats to my wife Kerry. Her published novel, Just a Drop of Water, is celebrating it's 1st B-Day.  Check it out. 
I may possibly be in love with Cate Blanchett now. 
I WOULD STILL VOTE FOR ENRILE. Old as he may be, he makes me feel that our law is sweet as it may be sour. 
@user Only Sofia Andres will go here on Sunday at SM Bacolod. . 5pm. . are you going ? ;) -T 
@user @user Good night Batman. Thank you and see you tomorrow! 
Rob Brantly did what  ALOT of White Sox have not been able to do. Runner on 3rd less than 2 outs and he brings him home with a sacrifice fly 
This is a most excellent Wed! The 2 boxes of Porto’s goodies that just showed up at studio re-enforcing this! #redvelvetcupcakebreakfast 
AvecesSi'' Conor McGregor's Body Shots the Difference in Title Victory: On Saturday night, one of the biggest pay-per-views in UFC hi... 
It's National Ice Cream Day? I may have to do something about that... 
@user @user U may as well Slam Tent it all day till Roses. Whole day in there looks pretty good. Start with Teengirl Fantasy..... 
There are few things as humbling as being present whilst hundreds of Muslims pray at the mosque on a Friday. Have a blessed jumu'ah. 
Coach presents...  AN21  Friday 21 November 2014. In association with Ace of Clubs. Support from Hix and Niall... 
"Tough 3rd round for Dustin Johnson, but he's five shots back. Another 65 tomorrow and he's right back in the thick of it #TheOpen" 
"Grandy showing some real nixe range our there in RF, saving a 2-out double to end the top 5th. 12 straight retired by Thor. #NYMvsKC" 
"Binghamton NY, @user I will see you on Friday, Sept 28!" 
Enjoying Sharknado for the 3rd time in a row #Sharknado3 
A touch of class from the R&amp;A putting Paul Dunne out in the last two ball tomorrow. What a day ahead for him. Everything crossed. #gogetem 
VeloNews: Tom Boonen happy with Amgen Tour so far, but hopes for first win in Sunday’s final stage in L.A. Then ... 
i’m going to watch Eurosong! Croatia is 10th ;) so VOTE FOR CROATIA!!! 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog day in the States. Pretty jazzed about that! Perfect blend of sausage and coney sauce #foodtravelchat 
"Sitting here with @user nancy , Kini , nene lai and mar and Levi ! CRACKING UP SO LOUD ! We got told off" 
In honor of the release of Star Wars: The Force Awakes this Thursday December 17th is Star Wars Day at NWPHS.... 
I want my 18th birthday to be hosted by Fps Russia. That’d be epic. 
John Kasich may be the only Republican Presidential candidate who I feel like wouldn't completely ruin America if elected. 
Let it be know that @user enjoys Seinfeld. I may have had to force her to watch episodes, but she has chosen to enjoy them. 
Ian McKellen reciting Taylor Swift's Bad Blood lyrics is just amazing 
@user  never seen Frank Gifford play, but grew up watching him on Monday nights , thanks you Mr Gifford  rip" 
"Climbing Frames for Plants: The sun has been out, the Chelsea Flower Show has been in full swing and we are all ... 
IHOP offering $1 pancake short stacks as part of No Kid Hungry fundraiser: On Tuesday, you can get ... #community 
Fabian Delph loves a tackle and I can see him coming out from the start with some fouls. Fabian Delph 1st player carded @user or anytime @user 
ooh!! i should totally wear my fnatic tshirt to pride parade on saturday since it's all pink n cute heh 
interesting #tea-trivia #2: Tea is the 2nd Most consumed beverage in the world 
[#NEW] Video: Casey Veggies Talks First Meeting With Jay-Z At 17 Years Old, Working Hard to Inspire the Youth Dec 15, 
@user This sunday...revenge, and a game winning TD for Kyle Williams. we have already destroyed the last 2 teams and we’ll keep rollin 
STING returns to WWE MONDAY NIGHT RAW!!! IT'S SHOWTIME!!! Seth Rollins that's a challenge for the WWE WORLD... 
"Nicki my fav, she slaying everyone and they momma' sat the VMAs, God bless" 
@user if Kobe Bryant gets 22ppg this season he'll be 3rd All time scoring by Christmas 
Going through my 7th grade yearbook just makes me laugh. #memories 
Sam Ponder is the hottest reporter ever. Christian Ponder may suck at QB but he gets to go home to that so he still wins. 
I know it is only October 20, but #Kstate can probably start booking travel to at least the Fiesta Bowl. 
The stream is so long!!! I wanna go to sleep but... I want a IPod. 2nd hardest decision in my life. 
DC Young Fly and Ice Cube's son GOT TO make Friday 
it's literally 6th grade me's dream come true to finally see pete wentz live and in the flesh ive ACHIEVED NIRVANA 
@user yeah I'm ready for bed. Long but fun day at Disneyland tomorrow. 
Saturday Aug 25th Rum Runners will be hosting the Captains Hangover...Come celebrate the ccdjo champs birthday. I might even do the wobble.. 
It's going to be 100 degrees at Disneyland tomorrow. SO I will pretty much riding Small World over and over again, bc it as A/C. LOL 
Just seen that Four Lions is on C4 on Sunday night for anyone who hasn't seen it yet. So proud of my big brother; the associate producer :) 
"Katy Gallagher just so much more intelligent and gracious than Zed. May not vote for her party, but respect her as Chief Minister. #actvotes" 
"Yup, Bluesfest was wicked tonight. Epic roofing job tomorrow. This is the life." 
@user some of these youngsters just go to Chelsea because ofthe money and know how unlikely it will be for them to get in the 1st team. 
@user just what it says: Celebrity Big Brother, new edition begins Thursday, this season's theme is UK vs USA" 
So apparently Thor has a big surprise for me on Saturday and I can't wait to see what it is!!!! I'm dying I'm the most patient less person 
"Passionate about CNIS' work, be a rep at Ten Thousand Villages in your hometown on Mar 8 - Victoria Oak Bay 1976 Oak Bay Ave" 
So Labour back in lead with Populus &amp; Yougov but all MoE. Reality it'll be close election national polls may be trumped by #Labourdoorstep. 
"Sam Smith may do well with his bond song but no one beats Adele's ""Skyfall""" 
David Cameron "very well-informed" about #CCS, "according to experts who have briefed him". Yes I bet he is. 
"Happy Modi on the achievement of opening the """"second"""" route to Kailash-Mansarovar. The first was opened by me and I was the 1st pilgrim." 
Across the Universe, 4th Harry Potter, Hunger, Sunshine Cleaning, Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind 
WOW ! Just found out that Jeff Timmons will come to Malaysia on 16 Oct for a week & his wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st in KL!! xx 
At 4th-and-3 at the 30-yardline, Nick Diaz comes in to attempt a field goal. The kick is good, and USU leads 41-7. 12:13 left in the game. 
I think I may have a slight (um maybe a severe) addiction to the vanilla fudge quality streets. THEY'RE IRRESISTABLE 
@user lol I'm supposed to be going to Milan tonight with my girl, what are you up to tomorrow night" 
"May their be peace in Israel, Jews and Muslims. May Christians open their hearts and minds to the truth. There is only ONE GOD." 
Ok i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night!Tickets for the Brittany and Nicki Minaj 2mo night - i need2Get looking 
"When the boys come to Ohio June 18 2013, if they play at cedar point, I will piss myself." 
Happy Friday: Here's Joe Biden making a cameo on a 1993 episode of "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?" 
Don't miss this opportunity to participate in the next round of Center Stage tours. Nominations due November 15.... 
This is impressive RT@ChrisTrapasso: Dwayne Allen destroyed Brian Cushing on the 1st down run. Such a complete TE. 
Catching up with #Accused #SeanBean Jimmy McGovern is one of the best writers on TV today! Part 2 tomorrow with Anne-Marie Duff. Can't wait! 
@user Yes cheers Joel, thanks for your help. Tickets ordered, we will get to see Jurassic World before the kids return on Sunday! 
Final count down till the end of Shift. 58 minutes left. Excited for Church tonight! 
Kunle Afolayan has raised the bar to another level with October 1. Not sure there are many who can meet up or raise the bar in Nigeria!!! 
Watching Sharknado with Kaden. This is the 2nd one I guess... surprising. 
The only 2nd coming I’m interested in is @user bringing his Wrecking Ball back to the UK  #HisAlmightyBruceness 
Watch ShelbyDenise LIVE on #kamcord. WooHoo it;s Friday! Come play Minecraft with us!: is live come watch her play 
"If ESPN has a Hank Williams """"Are You Ready For Some Football?"""" song for tonight, I might pass out with happiness." 
"Yeah - Friday!  Opportunities abound.  I've see the TOYOTA trucks with """"YO"""" on the tailgate.  Today I was a Mitsubishi that said """"t u  shi""""" 
Preseason is over and the season officially starts next Thursday. Bonus for @user and Tom Brady is back for week 1. Here we go. 
@user Love those Sun Mountain bags.Had fun at Lough Erne - roll on the Grove. 
whatcha want from Dunkin tomorrow sweetheart? @user 
@user it’s not that bad, we have Purim, which it’s almost the same thing but it’s on March 
"You can take UFC, MMA or heavyweight boxing but that Brock Lesnar vs Undertaker fight on @user may have been one of the best ever brawls." 
@user Saturday is our annual drinking mario kart tournament. If you're in the UK and fancy beers and Nintendo feel free to come join us 
"Captain Darren Sammy just announced Windies will be """"playing for Runako Morton"""" during 3rd ODI. """"Tribute a great team man and brother""""" 
@user  Super eagles will get better with Sunday Oliseh . do you think that today outing was good?  @user @user 
I love the random 7th graders crying at the Seaholm game #GetOutOfHere #AttentionNeeders 
@user crazypants. Got to the 7th, saw Kermit play Bullets. Beautiful area 
@user good man! Need your support on Saturday, those are the ones that will matter. Not a glamour tie with Chelsea! 
I may be a little more excited about this than Soundwave..... 
Reid Hoffman, ofLinkedIn says start where you are. Says Google was in Beta form for 1st 2 yrs while they progressed. Don’t wait. Start now!! 
Thursday night can't come here early enough. Tom Brady versus the awesome #Steelers secondary haha 
Congrats @user on your new contract. Can believe this is you 18th season at ESPN. Time flies. Always delighted to see you at Rupp. 
@user hey honey May I have a Coffe Cup with that song? Jay-Z - Can I Get A... 
Safe and sound at the hotel! Scotty passed out on the plane and had to get doctors and oxygen. Practice tomorrow,... 
Enjoying a relaxing day today in Milan. We start our shows at Blue Note Jazz Club tomorrow. #Gospel #Concert... 
"greeted this morning to the sight of a boss who shall remain unnamed sat by himself paying bills to Katy Perry's ""The One That Got Away""" 
"Getting slightly better at Dark Souls, beat 2 bosses tonight! But then the mistakes, oh the mistakes. Stay tuned tomorrow for more of it! &lt;3" 
Sept 11, 2001-  Good: Jay-Z drops the best rap album of the decade (The Blueprint)  Bad: World Trade Center gets destroyed   #MindBlown 
Work at 4am and then school from 9-12. Coffee and red bull are going to be my best friends tomorrow 
@user Where did you order it from? Tell me it was the Nintendo store so I can hope it turns up tomorrow. 
@user @user is the best after lance at the sun! Maybe Elliot but Simmons?! Man... 
@user Got John Fogerty concert ticket for my birthday. Looking forward to the concert tomorrow night(July26) in Prince George BC 
Doing a mock build of Ashoka build now and I think I might build her in Minecraft tomorrow.  If so I'll definitely stream it #disneyinfinity 
@user BRILLIANT!! The reds just have class! Did your sun play at Sunnybank on Sunday? 
Adelaide fans of Antonio Carluccio can enjoy an intimate lunch with the celebrity chef this October. 
I may have missed the Beyonce live stream but thanks to @user Snaps, I feel like I was there. The MVP! 
My baby graduates from Allderdice tomorrow!! Get it boo!!! #Teamproud 
Imagine Danica and Danielle meeting @user on Friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out. #amazing #JBMeetDanica 
Wish me luck on the ACT Tomorrow! 
While I was 1/2 asleep I could hear Ice Cube and Mike Epps and I got happy cuz I thought Next Friday was on but its All about tbe Benjamins 
What up CM Punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble 
One ticket left for the @user game tomorrow!  Don’t miss the rematch of the NFC Championship game against the NY Giants!  Hit me up! 
Heading home to Ireland with 17 golfers from my club on Saturday staying at lough Erne resort and off to Dublin for some fun 
On Sat 26 Sept, the world's first and best Fleetwood Mac tribute band FLEETWOOD BAC, are here. Tickets &amp; Info: 
#Twins Tweets: White Sox take a 6-4 lead in the 7th. #MNTwins #MLB 
Niall is so freaking cute j can't just imagine him sat there on his phone/laptop scrolling through all our tweets and laughing to himself 
Interesting perspective from BBC about how differing demographic projections may inform a country's refugee policy :  
Who's ready for some #GiantsFootball? The G-Men finally return to MetLife this Sat @ 7:30 vs the Jaguars. Get your tix while they last! 
@user We are having a Politics and Pancakes program in the building next Tuesday night--you are welcome to come! 
@user @user The Saga may end but the love & friendships will last 4ever #LoveIsLouderthanRollingTheFinalCredits 
"When a child comes to the World, he makes his 1st landing in the arms of a #Nurse Lets wish all of them a 'Very Happy Nurses Day'" 
The fact that I get to see chris brown Thursday @user  you jel 
@user we've got a 2nd gen roku and really enjoy it. same here with Netflix and Amazon Prime 
HAPPY FRIDAY! If i could make those words any BIGGER or BOLDER, I would! LOL :) Have a great weekend all of our PJD friends! 
The game 1st album 1 song he say he rap like Eazy-E then Nas then 50 cent then dr Dre then Jay-Z then Eazy-E again then like his dead bro 
I'm so excited for Nash's new video tomorrow with Skylynn 
"Karaoke invitation for 9, but knowing these guys, it'll be 11.I work tomorrow, so the world is saved from hearing me ruin David Bowie songs." 
David Wright will play in his 1st game since April 14. Wright sat out after being diagnosed with spinal stenosis. 
"Dustin Johnson makes an eagle on 16 to move to -13. He may not have a major, but boy is he wonderful to watch when on song. #USPGA" 
Big ovation for Smith Center native Mark Simoneau who will be the 2nd #KState player inducted into the college football hall of fame 
@user lol I'm glad I have my Xbox for the start gonna get my PS4 later in the day tuesday 
on thurs im gonna walk out of school and take the train the today show and MEET JUSTIN sorry mom 
@user As long as tomorrow is National Hot Dog day and Saturday is National BBq Day 
Loads of goodies from House of Wilde, Stylestalker, Staple the Label, Fairground and Piper Lane will be available tomorrow! Stay tuned! Xx 
@user I'll be there during the week and imma get Gucci for 6th !! 
@user setting it up now, gonna finally watch my Jurassic Park blu Ray that's sat there all alone for over a week hahaha 
#news On his visit to Madrid last Friday David Cameron was clear he wanted a united Spain: The statement made ... 
After the Samsung press conference on Friday, I'm inspired to buy a Galaxy Note 4 when the price drops to clear old inventory :) 
The Michelle Obama Look Book via @user | The 1st Lady. All dressed up , 4ever on the go &amp; on the taxpayer's $$$ 
@user The groaning in the 1st inning was that the Grateful Dead shirts had not arrived at the park yet 
Happy Apple Fanboy Day! May the iPad be with you. 
Kristin Chenoweth will be on Over The Rainbow sunday night! 8pm CBC. Here she gives me a singing lesson. I’m bad. 
Happy birthday to @user Its already Nov 2nd over here in Korea! See you soon (: 
11:11 hug the hell out of Niall when I meet him on Saturday (hopefully) 
2nd Day of Eid in Wadi Bin Khaled - Oman .. it was really awesome fantastic &lt;3 &lt;3 
"I have a spare ticket for the Warners at the Bay beer festival on Sunday, anyone want it?" 
I may have a treat for you guys tonight so you can play some Minecraft with me ;) #TheDream 
My hope for the two remaining empty podiums on Thursday is Chris Christie and John Kasich. 
"He's a handsome devil, isn't he? Catch him in Ant-Man, screening for the last time tomorrow! 
That was absolutely the most amazing episode of Monday Night #RAW #MINNEAPOLIS ALL HAIL BROCK LESNAR!!!  #BrockHomecoming 
Happy 13th birthday to one of my favorite boys, Zachary! He’s growing up so fast, he’s almost as tall as me. 
Was lovely to meet James Martin on Monday he used local produce and his lamb from skipton was Devine #yorkshirehour 
I may be a little too optimistic but I think the Browns vex themselves of the Baltimore curse and beat the Ravens.  Maybe its just me lol 
@user May I use one of your ~amazing~ Minecraft tracks at the beginning of an interview I'm doing for my website? ( &lt; 30 seconds ) 
@user relax, you can now concentrate on finishing 4th and which one of Wilshere, Carzorla or Vermalen you want to sell to City." 
Happy Birthday to my good friend, Min. William D. Carter, III (@WilliamDCarter3 )!!! May God bless you today and always. 
Flying to Milan for the 1st time to watch LEWIS HAMILTON Formular 1 Grand Prix in Monza...Speed excitement 
Watching David Price dominate... from Greece. Nice way to end a day of sun and souvlaki. #committed 
Plus side JiuJitsu practice was fantastic today. Also there's a chance I'll attend the Judo competition class tomorrow. #CoolBeans 
The last time an amateur lead the @user after 54 holes was Bobby Jones in 1927... Hope Paul Dunne can make history tomorrow! 
Randy Orton the fucking truth...2nd favorite Wrestler behind Cena 
I'm ready for Monday mornings just because my alarm blasts Monday Morning by Fleetwood Mac 
Red Wolves HOME game TODAY at 2:00pm! Excited to see the best fans in the Sun Belt again! #HowlYes #GostAte! 
She would rather see Beyonce with me anyway ... I would make a great step mother. 
@user lol look for the bright tiger woods, not hard to miss me today" 
"Ahh Celebrity Big Brother, Strictly and X Factor love this time of the year 
Unpopular opinion but I don't get the hate for U2 or NickelBack? They may not be the greatest ever but I like both. 
"Come see the Valley Players preform the Tragedy of Ethan Frome in JBA Fri & Sat! It’s sure to be a """"smash!"""" 
Excitement and danger #Estatesales. Found old WWII shells, not inert!  Spent time with Bomb Squad!  How is that for a Monday? 
Fleetwood Mac is the perfect Sunday driving music 
Check out the performance these brave youngsters did one Saturday morning at Sylvia Park. This is truly a great... 
"Apparently, TODAY is George Harrison's actual birthday.  He was born just before midnight, but thought the 25th was his B-Day all his life." 
"News just in - Eagles Of Death Metal will present RocknRoll Bingo next Wednesday, Aug 29th. Not only that but... 
seeing the Foo Fighters September 25th would be ideal 
Lionel Messi picks up Golden Boot as top scorer: Barcelona striker Lionel Messi was presented Monday with his se... 
happily living my love life with Muhammad Ali on every 13th 
"Ah, twilight w/ the run to yourself! MT @user Laying down final tracks of the day. See you tomorrow #OneParkCity 
I know that we are young And I know that you may love me #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
I'm not taking my iPod to school tomorrow because I want to have a battery when I go to my concert 
I really wanna go to knott's on the 31st 
"My mommy just said she'd give me $1,000 to go to Peru in March!!!! Whoo whoo whoo!" 
@user you got a sweet shout out at a Jon huntsman jr speech in St. Louis Monday night. Well done! 
Kicking off in London tonight? Wait til you see the West Ham fans tomorrow after we've beaten them 3-0 ;) 
Carlo Ancelotti's 5 January targets to make his side even more stronger/Unstoppable! See:  . 
@user Agree Ron ..... John Kasich will get the chat after its all said and Done ! Carly Ferino will get the chat frm the 1st debate 
Army cuts off Boko Haram's food supply: The Nigerian Army said Thursday it has succeeded in cutting off the su... 
I just realized I saw JB &amp; Beyonce both for the first time on September 5th. This has to be a sign of something 
I liked a @user video Anonymous - Remember, Remember the 5th of November 
"Day 4 of Hat Yai! Saturday - Sunday going to Songkla, then to Phuket. Yey." 
I just wanna see Justin Bieber in April 
"""@TheEllenShow: I didn’t want New York to miss my Madonna show. Get ready for Monday! It’s gonna be on WNBC!"" Aw how nice" 
@user Messi has the 6th best dribble succes rate (81%) in Europe's top 5 leagues this term of players to attempt 10+ dribbles 
One of the most beautiful moments in tennis history! Nice hug! Serena defeats Venus in their 27th face-to-face... 
I want to go to Fleetwood Mac so bad in October 
@user I was obsessed with Twilight in 7th grade I loved it so much 
"March 28 will be the first One Direction's concert without Zayn as member. They'll sing at a sold out stadium, over 90,000 fans!" 
Sunday's heating up like it's summer all over again. Make #MattBomer your Sundate with MAGIC MIKE XXL - now... 
ATTENTION....my good buddy ole pal @user is looking for someone to go with him to see Snoop Dogg tomorrow night...please inquire ASAP 
@user Doug Wead: Owners of the MSM are the """"Prince of the Air"""" Ouch! Feel the burn. Too clever. =) #RonPaul" 
"Christians - I have a mission for you: If you haven't see the movie War Room, see it tomorrow. It's very, very good." 
"Not much love for the Infamous challenge run today, but had some fun and some viewers during Dark Souls II! That'll resume on Saturday." 
No one understands how excited &amp; happy I am that Paper Towns is out on Monday!! Waited far to long for it!!! #PaperTowns 
@user just got one me lady!! Waiting on the next!  Merlin incense was a'smoking tonite!!!!!! 
In honour of Zac Brown Band tomorrow I will listen to every one of their songs from now until the concert 
KPOP was life in 7th grade and it's still life. 
I think Joe Biden will announce he's running for president on Colbert next Thursday. 
Our 1st XI went through against Liverpool 4th XI with a 2-1 victory AET thanks to an extra time winner from Man of the Match @user 
Rehearsing with da Legendary De La Soul for Roots Picnic sat.... Wowow!!! 
"Finally going to see the Equalizer tomorrow, I'm hoping it's a good film?" 
@user @user I just saw this awesome man, Ice Cube, in concert Friday night! A-Maz-Ing!!" 
Must give the boys there spot back for most viewed video in 24hrs! Directioners tomorrow is the boys night!  #LittleThingsVideoCountdown 
Free dinner for everyone in highschool In Edmonton at Rahma mosque Saturday night @ 7 its going to be fun   :) 
Got a great piece for you History buffs Friday morning, a game between Schalke & Bayern that marked the end of Germany’s greatest ever side. 
"In a debate dominated by Trump's over-the-top personality, the real winner may have been Carly Fiorina. And she... 
Frank Gore & Vernon Davis, make wins tomorrow please. #fantasyfootball 
Busy week!   TONIGHT: last lecture with Holly Crocker, 7pm, Harper   TOMORROW NIGHT: Bedtime Stories with Hal Poe 
@user mines personal thinking Tebow is better then Flacco. I don’t care how bad he played Sunday 
Really hope Paul Dunne pulls off an Open Championship victory tomorrow. Rooting for the amateur! 
All the best to those who are taking Physics tomorrow :) <3 
"Wide awake on a Sunday morning, listening to Ed Sheeran on the radio, such a good start..." 
@user I’m serious Hawaii is the best vacation spot come in like march :) tickets are cheaper on Monday 
@user hi there DJ janice.. can you play """"COLD SUMMER NIGHTS by Francis M."""" in way back wed.? this is for you STARLIGHT.. :)" 
@user #justsharing a video bout hebrew letters, its interesting, may it bless ye: by Joseph Prince 
@user #bbcsportsday c'mon guys, what about #LFC away 1-0 win at FC Gomel in #Belarus? I was there, I'm sure we won!" 
Packing a punch: Janet Jackson released the album artwork for her upcoming eleventh album Unbreakable on Thursday 
Good Sunday morning...and welcome to National Ice Cream Day!  Warren says there is a lot to talk about between 6 &amp; 8. 
Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George of Cambridge! Give your skin the Royal Seal of approval. Call on 01924 290870 
Its the 13th!  Happy Swift Day!!! :) 
@user you are in the bestest of places, no doubt! May your children become the bestest humans and Muslims and" 
"10 Best Ideas of the Week: The ESPY Awards, 'Project Runway' 10th Anniversary Party, Calgary Stampede 
If I ever celebrated halloween I’d either be Janet Jackson from Poetic Justice or the girl w/ the braids from Friday :D 
RT @user @user tonight! Come see me and the hottest gogo boys in Dallas!! @user @user 
"let this poor Chris Evans beat the real Chris Evans for once, would treat family to a holiday :-) 
Raw: Two champions prepare for the most important SummerSlam event in history - This Monday 
We are having a Sunday Worship event today at 11:00am in the Matthews Suite! Come enjoy the Lord with us and connect with other Christians! 
It's Saturday night &amp; @user is playing Dark Souls! He has a face only you could love 
Blue Jays 3RD Josh Donaldson deserves the AL MVP for sure. And that's coming from a Red Sox fan. That man is fun to watch. 
Now off for some hiking in the Black Forest ~ have a nice sunday! :) 
That scrap between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar on Monday Night Raw last night looked like the best craic ever 
Shooting Tvshow Sons of Anarchy at my studio today. They closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle! Fun.  
Celebrity Juice is the highlight of my Thursday night.. Keith Lemmon is hilarious hahaha 
Anyone seen these? Just stumbled across them on Amazon Prime. looks like I may have just planned out my Friday night. 
Now This is the Comfortable Alternative to a Cocktail Dress: Happy glorious Tuesday to everyone! Jennifer Lawrence is BACK on the red... 
I still can't wrap my head around Kendrick and j cole's Black Friday it's too godly 
"The only thing good about a Monday is Digi"- Ben Tait 2k15..he nas 
Going to the Richwood away game tomorrow to support my drummer boyyyy.(; 
Still entertained by music which accompanied Sunday's #Silverstone UK Truck Racing. First race: Fleetwood Mac with The Chain #F1 
@user  9 May 2015 in Milan, it was the best day of my life" 
Well I do love me some Ice Cube. I'll give my opinion on Monday if we see it. 
Going to wee myself with excitement cus I'm going to the Harry Potter studio tours tomorrow for the first time w/ @user and @user 
Drink in my hand by Eric church is the perfect song for leaving work on Friday 
Also, the iPhone 6S, 6S Plus and the new iPad will be coming out tomorrow morning! Will be checking out the highlights. 
Wifey & Princess are going up to Granda’s for thanksgiving today. I go Sunday. I think I’ll watch Goon! 
Dee Dee Ramone’s exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow! Dee Dee & Shepard Fairey prints for sale at the opening! FRIDAY 8PM-11PM 
"Barnes &amp; Noble reported that Go Set a Watchman"" had its largest 1st day sale of an adult fiction book ever:... 
One of those Monday mornings where you just have Beyonce's 'Blow" remix with Pharell in your head, yano. 
"I feel for Lee Soo Man and their friends and family, may she rest in peace" 
Good morning Sunday n Mother's Day :-) on the way to Wat Su Pat w/ @user ... Happy Mother's Day 
"Zac Brown Band, September 11th, we're going @user 
I really hope I can grope cuties at the Japan stand at the Expo fair in Milan tomorrow 
SaadRA: The Droid Bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom. The latest round of spyshots c... 
I can listen to the whole Ed Sheeran album from th 1st song to the last without skipping any song 
Good way to start the day. #NowPlaying How to See The Sun Rise by Ben Sollee on #Spotify 
Karen being crazy not letting me get a waffle but I'm about to eat all of waffle house or IHOP tomorrow lol idc 
Entertainment: Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are hosting the Golden Globes, airing Jan 13. Get ready for a night full of laughs!! -Ashley&Alyssa 
Northern lights sale tomorrow following the Wexham Cup Bull Sale; sale of Elite Female Holstein & Jerseys! A real treat of a sale! No trick! 
Tomorrow don't miss the party at BARU (Brickell & Doral) I'm working in Doral see you...don't forget you halloween costume... 
@user pretty picture floridas sky’s look like that sometimes i love watching sun set.. and by the way my gma loves u 
Might try get tickets for Bayern vs Arsenal at Allianz Arena on November 4th. Someone sort me out with some tickets! 
"The pool is cool, the sun is hot, the breeze is soft. I have attained Nirvana. #thespiritualstate #nottheband 
@user I discovered a Netflix series you may like cause Dinos and Trucks! Dinotrux! 
The guy who let me borrow his Ohio State bag Friday night just said I can keep it. Saweeeeet. Good day for Liz! 
@user yup but got to be at trinity next tuesday to enrole, wednesday is a good day to brake the week" 
*prays one direction come to Metlife on my birthday September 13th for the next tour* 
Love how I skipped every category of the NTA’s besides the soaps. Couldn’t give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow. 
@user Quieter. My sis, brother in law and habibti are going back to Ireland this afternoon ;/ Tennis doubles sounds fun! Enjoy! #Juice!" 
@user praying for Judy!! May the Lord Jesus fill your room with His Love and protection!! God Bless you!! John 3:16 
Final shows for Pixels &amp; Ant-Man are Thursday! Opening Wednesday: Shaun the Sheep &amp; Thursday: Fantastic Four! 
@user Thanks for another great show, Miss you tomorrow as I am going to Ed Sheeran!  Will catch up on your tl when I get home!" 
I'm still mulling over the ideas and challenges of Thursday's MYSA conference in Rockhampton. Such a great session. #MYSAoz 
"I've had better weekends. But whatever, I'm going to use today to sleep and watch Dexter. And that's perfect." 
"Sunday in Atlanta, Ga catch me at the Georgia Dome... I will be live and turnt in that bitch! Hahaha ready to #Riseup" 
"Seth Rollins has nothing to worry about. As long as he wears white and gold, he'll be fine on the 20th. #WWE #Raw #ColorsOfChampions" 
Carly Fiorina on the Rise After Thursday Night's Debate - She &amp; Trump are like oil and water. 
"SBS Strong Heart 'Goodbye Leeteuk Special' with SJ, TVXQ, SHINee's Jonghyun & Taemin will be broadcasted on November 6th,13th! cr: @user 
I need to go find some sweets, then I’m outttt. Another 12 hour day of Marching Band tomorrow #NeverGetsOld 
"One of the worlds biggest stars Paul McCartney will be at a church tomorrow right on my door step, probably wouldn't get to talk to him" 
Thursday night features with a bonus! Its the end of Copper River Salmon season so get it while you still can:... 
DUBLIN defeat Mayo 3-15 to 1-14, DUBLIN will play Kerry in the All Ireland Final on September 20th. #UpTheDubs 
IBM has built a digital rat brain that could power tomorrow's smartphones via @user Damn, I want me one of those 
"Morning,its all systems go for the week!!Paytime and Deus Ex out later in the week this is truly #BiWinning" 
Watch the 2015 Pride Parade live from Reykjavik on our web camera on the 8th of August at 2PM 
Trying on my pope costume just to make sure its safe for tomorrow. 
@user Go with Moto G 3rd Gen its best in this range :) 
Justin just made his comeback &amp; released his 1st single and he's already snatching everyone's weaves:') he's the king of the music industry. 
@user I miss you too omg we should go to the fair next friday 
"He was using that Sat. during the LSU game @user I hope California is paying Jesse Palmer to say """"3rd and California"""" this many times." 
When Mr. David Bowie wrote this song I'll bet he took the rest of the day off.  HAPPY SATURDAY WORLD!  PLAY NICE!... 
@user - You know what the holidays alright went hilton hotel with the girls on sat had a laugh and that what about you 
"Ice Cube is suppose to play ""Straight Outta Compton"" on Friday, and i'd be sooo down to watch him perform ""I ain't the 1"" #RiotFest" 
woo! my film is all ready for the exhibition! Should be a super busy day on Sat: Exhibition, Pride parade, fetish meet up and partying! 
@user it was awesome. OHHHHHH we won 1st place by just doing that oldschool weird :3 Danny Elfman style :P 
I have 2 extra tickets (on the field!) for the AC/DC concert on Saturday night at Gillette Stadium.  I'm looking... 
"Some solid thinking on the events in Paris, refracted through the Charlie Hebdo lens: 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day! Get your favorite scoop this weekend &amp; enjoy the nice weather! #FunFactFriday #SundaySundae #HappyFriday 
@user may consider watching it tomorow then. Daniel radcliffe good in it like? 
"Forget league's Super Saturday, @user has Super Storm Sandy. Name aside the coverage has been first class" 
Forbes highest paid women's athlete was Sharapova (11th yr straight) with 29.2 mil. Not hard to imagine Rousey topping that list one day. 
Super pumped to celebrate with my K/1st graders who made it through Summer Olympics: Training in Truth @user #lovekids #loveJesus 
THIS should brighten the day AND make your weekend even better! Free ice cream on Sunday for National Ice Cream Day! 
"Would love to see Dustin Johnson make a huge charge tomorrow, he's got the game" 
Foothill vs. Laguna Hills is @user game of the week. It airs Friday 11:30 pm Saturday 1 and 8 pm Sunday 1 and 7 pm 9/17 8 pm 9/18 8 pm 
I have Austin n Dallas coming deep to Venue tonight.  HTown...lets show em how we do it out chea 
C'mon guys even if Niall and Camila are dating it's not bad. 
"Daytona with my boyfriend and friends during March Break, I'm excited!" 
CRAZY IN LOVE by BEYONCE FEAT. JAY-Z was no.2 in the UK charts on 2 August 2003 
Now that the sun is on him, my iguana is more active. 
@user :') I want him to shine at Milan imo. 3rd time is the charm. 
#Autocar Lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon of its model range with a second flagship model th...  
Tomorrow is a rest day aka I plan on watching Harry Potter and doing homework all day 
I can't believe tomorrow im seeing the loml's again for the 3rd time but Zayn won't be there and I didn't even think about that. 
@user - C'mon, stick around. It'll about to get "Game of Thrones" level bloody on here. 
Just a reminder No Brewery Yoga this Saturday September 12th. Still come and celebrate with Aardwolf Brewery for... 
Really enjoyed PJ Harvey tonight - contrary to expectations. Even the black feather head-dress wasn't too OTT. 
I was in the club Wednesday with Nike shorts and a T. I guess Nike shoes and a T is ok for tonight right? 
Eric Arc Elliott may be the best rapper in Flatbush ZOMBiES. 
"This game been on my mind the moment I signed with Ucla, can't wait for Saturday ! 
Mr. Murray gave me some really great life advice in the 7th grade and I was too much of a little douchebag to appreciate it. 
"All prep for the future. Bookin up for the UK 70.3 Ironman in June, then plannin on doin the Ironman Wales. Dependingon race commitments ofc" 
"Saturday morning means extra nice coffee, doing my nails &amp; watching tv with my little cats prepping for Foo Fighters gig tonight at MK Bowl!" 
Glad im going to Greenville tomorrow night tho 
It's Friday and the end of a short week...Result!! Lets celebrate with @user and Madonna after 8am this morning! Dave &amp; Heidi x 
Last day of PSSAs tomorrow :) #yes #yeahbuddy !!! 
@user Good. Going to the fair to get an autograph from Miesha Tate tomorrow. 
Monroe bound tomorrow! It’s a must leave Ruston for a day 
i just saw last monday night raw now and @user came and made Seth Rollins and the authority shut the hell up love it #nevergiveup #wwe 
Niceday in H-town to watch the sunset &amp; enjoy some music at @user Day 1 complete! We're coming for you tomorrow Kendrick Lamar! 
@user Noticed that joke when you interviewed Reid Hoffman. Better the 2nd time around ;) 
"2pac , June 16 1971 - September 1996. Biggie Smalls , May 21 1972 - March 9 1997. R.i.p to the best rappers." 
It's a Bob Marley morning! I may or may not have been dancing up and down the hall to the copier. ;) 
Set your DVR’s & VCR’s, @user is scheduled to make her guest appearance on 30 Rock next Thursday! 
Big game with VCU tomorrow night! Second-place is on the line. #LetsGoX 
when i was in 4th grade my sister convinced me that michael jackson was the guy in the barney suit all those years 
@user Watched Paper Towns (Cidades de Papel in Brazil) for the 3rd time yesterday. It's really addictive! 
"Fittingly, it was premiership star Daniel Kerr who took centre stage as the Eagles capped their 25th birthday... 
@user @user @user If they keep adding non DLC weapons I may hop back on PS4 some day.  It was fun...just lacking... 
"Cate Blanchett isn't a tall poppy, she's a redwood. Long may she continue to grow. #AACTAs" 
@user @user @user it was funny though:P the 2nd thing i laughed at on Eid. 
I narrowed it down to a top 3 of: 3rd: Rumors by Fleetwood Mac 2nd: The Libertines by The Libertines (funny enough) 
Heading back to the states today after two months.. Then moving to Florida tomorrow! Very exciting times :) 
@user  Thought you might appreciate this photo taken of AJ at the Celebration Sunday better than anyone! 
Yes, highly recommend "Curiosity" by Amanda - get it on Google Play, Amazon or other outlets.  
Shay with Bentley and Bella, in their sunday best :) 
WGNTV: Cubs win on Kris Bryant walk-off! Beat Indians 2-1 on a homer in the 9th. What a ballgame. #WGNCubs 
3rd day of Eid... A day spend well Old Friends reunion after a long time. First badge of read Foundation reunion... 
@user I was literally thinking we should do the same for Fri/Sat nights. We spent the night in Brissie for Foo Fighters 
"On October 22, music legend Paul McCartney will perform in Buffalo for the first time ever. This has been a year... 
Looking at Disney things on Pinterest makes me so happy! Is it March yet? 
Plz halp. I need to see The Weeknd at the Oracle in December. 
Jeremy Lin picks up his 4th foul, all he does is turn it over!!!! Pistons are hot right now folks!! 
I've got Aldo winning by TKO in the 3rd round but if it goes to the judges McGregor wins cause you know he's Dana White's golden boy #UFC194 
It's Friday so I'm washing my hair with loreal kids (the red one) and watching the Katy Perry movie #treatyoself 
"Our 7th and 8th graders had a blast at the ""Sharknado"" Back-to-School dance last night!!" 
Share if you think the only thing better than Thanksgiving leftovers is an incredible Black Friday deal on your... 
Good day eventing today with a win on Endymion entrechat an a 5th with viscount Oscar! very early start tomorrow for event #2 in Hampshire 
"Tomorrow it will be a good day because I go watch Paper Towns for the preview, I can't wait omfg @user @user @user 
In just over one week I will be in blue and silver watching the #Cowboys destroy the Redskins on Monday Night Football! So psyched 
@user my best friend and I sat there listening to all of your videos and the ones with Christina Grimmie last night and were awestruck 
Labor Day weekend may be over, but there's no reason why you can't continue the fun today at Twisted Oak Tavern.... 
As happy as I am to be going to Disneyland this Saturday, I wish I was going next Friday for Dapper Day instead. 
@user God bless you for standing for liberty and evangelical Christians and the 1st Amendment.  We need more people like you! 
I'll see Hozier live on September 21st and Sam Smith on the 22nd #LifeIsGood 
@user then you're set for a Sharknado. Tomorrow SyFy channel is showing all 3 back to back. I may need to stock up. 
Monster trucks, Apple Watch email, and other awesome apps of the week - #news #tech #football 
"Almost in Binghamton NY, on our 3rd driver. I beasted the 1st 8 hours #nobigdeal 1.5 hours to Cooperstown #HOFweekend #DIRB #gomudcats" 
Rare, 300kg meteorite discovered in Poland, biggest in Eastern Europe and may provide clues about Earth’s core: 
Who's coming to the Beatport festival July 20th to dance there asses off! [Shannon Leto On Twitter] 
But here's the good news: - Tomorrow is a new game  - 0.5 back is nothing - DAVID PRICE IS STILL A TORONTO BLUE JAY 
Happy Birthday Prince George! We hope that you're having a lovely camping themed birthday party #PrinceGeorge  
Islam in Bangladesh is like the multiple colors of a mirror under the sun  There is love in these images. A... 
I won the 2nd Star in my McLaren 12C in #CSRRacing #RaceYourFriends. Download FREE! 
@user Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! 7/23 they're giving you 1/2 off the entire Hot Dog menu! Plus new Waffle Dog on-a-stick! 
"Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy, we are proud of you, Saving Face, won at the 84th Oscars in Los Angeles  Read more: 
@user nobody takes away from Ice Cube because he wants to make a third Friday movie, he's earned it! Likewise, Knuckles." 
"If Kris Bryant can hit 3 more HRs by the end of the season, he will be the 2nd best rookie in Cubs history behind Kerry Wood if not the best" 
Thanks to everyone who came out Friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens! Awesome night!!! 
@user when I go to the store I'll take one w. A mask xD get money so we can go to Knott's Saturday!!! 
Jose Mourinho may not be enjoying too much success with Chelsea in 2015-16, but has added a personal trophy... 
I think I'm going to flash my Galaxy Note 4 tomorrow 
Watching old SNL episodes from the 80s w/ Chevy Chase, John Belushi, and Dan Ackroyd. Billy Joel is the musical guest. The best lazy Sunday. 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. --Julie Andrews 
"I had a lovely day at the Great Yorkshire Show today with Heather, such a shame that it is closed tomorrow :(" 
Just heard my bud @user rode with Tom Boonen @user yesterday. #tourofcalifornia goes off Sunday 
@user 1st social media experience.  Sup Emma - Hope you are enjoying Disney! 
National Hot Dog Day &amp; @user has 6 for $6 all day!! 5th Ave 304-529-3647  Kenova 304-453-3647 #BeOriginal 
Batman #44 drops tomorrow. Make sure you go pick it up. Seriously! 
and the biggest surprise of the Tuesday Decs is as many as 19 taking on Quevega in the Mares Hurdle! 
@user omg really? My mom is going to Fresno tomorrow and staying over there. I should go :D! 
We want your beautiful face in a photo w/ #PeaceCar at the Pride Parade in Madison Sunday. @user #pride 
@user if it makes you feel any better, I'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow" 
Can it be February 26th already? Bioshock Infinite looks amazing. 
"Vice President Yemi Osinbajo today, Saturday, embracing one of the boys 100 boys orphaned by Boko Haram... 
"May the sun in his course visit no land more free,more happy, more lovely, than this our own country..Happy Independence Day." 
Tech Tuesday: Apple launches new iPhone with 'Force Touch' #newiphone 
Kris Bryant that ball just said ouch! That was a laser! 21st bomb! 
@user IKR, gonna be me tomorrow night ""Hi Costco, Naruto ready for work, believe it!""" 
"Unusually it's a Friday sitting in Parliament.  @user is bringing an EU referendum Bill, I'm here to support! 
@user @user Hang on. If this involves the Grateful Dead, they may be doing you a favour. 
I can’t wait to see the Lakers tomorrow.... 
Stone's bandmate Jeff's new band RNDM is playing The Jimmy Fallon Show tomorrow night. Check it out. 
"Ok imma sleep, goodnight Have a good Thursday, if you can, I hate Thursdays But Thursday used to be Thor's day so that's cool Almost Friday" 
Tomorrow is going to be an easy day. Just show my bib cards for Eng which will be like 25 mins since I’m LAST then get my test back in math 
Nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever Senior Bowl watch list released Saturday... 
@user Havn't heard it for ages; SLIVER - Nirvana; 1st Nirvana tune I heard, &amp; 'danced' to, in a Sheff. 'club - &amp; still a great tune" 
"Hahahaha Aladdin tho! Lil purple eye from the set! """"@SteezClinton: @user wat u on tonight lil black eye from da set""""" 
Hey everyone! Who’s excited for Cosplay Casino Night tomorrow?! It’s in the Center for Social Justice, at our... 
Chris's boss gave us tickets to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow. We're probably not going to go but what a nice gift. 
Houston!! Help DeadEye celebrate the music of the good 'ol Grateful Dead at the Cottonwood Houston on Saturday,... 
Magnificent Scallop Monday is on NOW!  A fresh lot of Whangamata scallops has just arrived at iguana. Head in and... 
I’m tryna see the pacer play the raps tomorrow urg Paul George is my nigga 
I'll get up before the sun for only a select few people. Ed Sheeran is definitely one of them. #concertday 
"Janet Jackson's #Unbreakable Drops Oct 2nd - Single ""No Sleeep"" Regain #1 spot on the Charts! 
new bf3 dualtage with bentley tomorrow! :&gt; 
Wed: Sher Pk-Fort Sask rolls into the  Rally for Change with Justin...real experience + a real plan = Real Change. It can get better... 
@user It’s almost time 4 Kandi Factory cuz March 4th is just round da corner. If u do another season I want 2 try out AGAIN. LOL I’m ready! 
The last scene of Jurassic World may be one of the best scenes ever 
"From BAMS Radio tonite... The Legend says """"this BAMA defense may be the greatest of all time...""""   Offense wins games, Defense wins....." 
"Game V Bolton on the 31st looking forward to it, not played a competitive match in ages!" 
"Sitting on the deck watching the sun come up, and drinking coffee is an everyday must!!" 
Ronda Rousey gave serial woman-beater Floyd Mayweather a verbal TKO on the ESPYs red carpet Wednesday night. 
@user loving my new iPhone 6 from T-Mobile I'm in love with iOS! Can't wait for the Sept 9th event 
"Today's a good day for mixed martial arts fans.&amp;#160; UFC president Dana White said on ESPN's ""Mike &amp;#38;&amp;#160;Mike"" radio show Thursday" 
@user may your everyday look like bonus points you get while playing one of those Nintendo game of Super Mario 
I love how Randy comes back in time to be involved in a ppv and we all accept it because c'mon it's Randy Orton 
"+1 RT @user Wonderful  company and gr8 food in Chinatown last night with tour guide @user , @user & Irene" 
 Top Aquinas football teams of decade Chris Evans reveals the Top Gear return date Top #Cyber Monday Deals on E 
Im going right to HollyWood Tans on 21st Walnut today ... right after school ! 
SUNDAY ONLY, DJ Linds spins the latest in Fleetwood Mac hits at Pressy Lake's hottest club, Picken's Roost! Kayak bottle service available. 
Still I write my songs about the dream of mine.. Worth everything I may ever be #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Need a break from studying? Come to @user Kickball Tournament tomorrow at 4:30-6:30pm! Behind the JC>>>be there! :) 
It's Star Wars Day tomorrow at the office. Tempted to go to work in a really tight shirt and tell people I'm cosplaying Jabba the Hutt. 
"May I be excused? ""To do what?"" ""So I can watch Sharknado?"" ""... Thank you for being honest."" My 11-year-old sister is cooler than me." 
"I offer my sympathy to the Frank Gifford family. Thank you for your years with the NY Giants &amp; Monday Night Football. RIP, Mr. Gifford." 
@user @user If FOX keeps building the show guy up. You may be right. Start building up Dr. Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina," 
@user thanks fa the love!! I’m coming to Greensboro Nc Dec. 1-8 make a appointment ;) 
"As someone who hates the iPhone, I'd love to know what the people at Apple thought when they 1st watched Samsung's BRILLIANT Galaxy III ad." 
@user Roma vs. Juventus is at 5pm and Mon v PSG at 8pm (both UK times). Locally, it's an hour ahead of those times in both countries. 
@user w assalaam. It was my 1st Eid away from family. I hope you had a nice Eid and all family are good. Happy Eid to you too. Thanks 
"2010 City have their best ever Premiership season, finishing 5th, qualifying for the Europa League and reaching the League Cup semi final." 
@user  I won on the Royals earlier and tomorrow I will have more CFB games coming out.  Usually I have 6 games a day 8/ day on weekend 
(18 July) The last films of the evening are Ant-Man (12A) and Magic Mike XXL (15). Both films start 8pm sharp. 
@user @user the one that I liked the 2nd best was Bobby Jindal. 
It's Sunday....  But Bernie Sanders is my #MCM just saying. He is going to be a great president. I say is because... 
Should be happy David Wright is back but the Mets fan in me is dreading the news tomorrow that deGrom has a dead arm and is going to the DL 
@user I am happy about the Modern Family wins tonight but definitely saddened by the FNL loss. Also so stoked for Melissa McCarthy! :) 
Ok my goal for October is to make a Spooky Watch List. Like my own 13 Nights of Halloween, except no Harry Potter movies. 
"ABUJA, Aug 30 (Reuters) - Nigeria's security agency said on Sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against Boko Haram" 
@user Probably see Ant-Man at the cinema tomorrow. ) I hope you enjoy your tea, I'm certain you will. x" 
@user Happy Thursday! Enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x. #Thankyoutimeshifting!! Have a great day my Greek! 
So glad tomorrow's my last day at Dunkin 
"On Monday my next blog post ""Smells like team spirit"" will go live. Will it reach Nirvana? :)" 
Sat here at nearly 3am with David Bowie on repeat. All I need now is food. 
@user Oh so you're a fan of The Vamps, how nice! Well, I'm a fan of 5SOS and I'll also buy a ticket on sat." 
@user I got inspiration from Niall in the 2nd outfit bc all he wears is a stripped shirt &amp; black pants ok 
I love waking up from a long ass dream of meeting Niall...........(it was so real and different than Sunday morning I'm soooo) 
@user you picked a great game. My 1st reg season game: David cone's perfect game in 99. I was visiting NYU and catching iron maiden. 
"new Iron Maiden single? well alright then, thank you Friday" 
Finally saw the Stevie TV promo! I am so proud of you, @user (March 4th, VH1) 
We nailed the Trifecta at #Belmont today for $1,139.00 in the 7th race!  Check it out: 
"Chapter two of Twilight done, yay :D If I'm really lucky I may get a third done before we hit the road on Wednesday. Fingers crossed!" 
Taking my kids to meet father Christmas tomorrow. Then it's off to Milan on Sunday to show the Italian press our amazing game. Magnifico! 
Nicki came from Dubai today so she can perform with Beyonce tomorrow. Feeling myself and Flawless remix.I'm not ready 
Having dinner with @user to plan 12th annual  NY Arab American comedy festival and AC/DC walked in. But couldn't get a photo 
@user bucket list tour to see AC/DC in Ottawa Thurs.  A friends first trip to ONT he's 52! (His bucket list) I will webcast ya! 
Chris Brown for the 5th touchdown of the night!! 38-3 #GoIrish 
Now On Sale! Mindbender: Tribute to the Grateful Dead @ Owsley's Golden Road Boulder CO / Aug 15th 2015 7:00pm 
@user @user I've heard good things about Bianchi this season and bellusci was good on Saturday 
Great progression in teacher trainees at Bridging the Gap this weekend - well done! See u tomorrow at One More Breath at Nat Christie! 
Haha I'm going to see Foo Fighters tomorrow Jesus Christ that's just hit me 
@user c'mon Shawn you love Portugal #GetShawnToPortugal 
i hope we celebrate niall's birthday on saturday at otra And sing him happy bday even tho it A day before! 
I think sitting on the very 1st row watching Magic Mike XXL was the BEST idea ever... 
@user Oh my gOD. THta's okay tho! Milan may nag a lot but He Has A BIg Heart and wouldn't leave Alejandro with nowhere to go 
"Cody Riggs preparing for 5th career game vs. #FSU. """"He said he isn't scared,"""" Brian Kelly says in a long-winded anecdote. #NotreDame." 
@user depends what vibe you want. Post-ABs def check out the Monday Room & Volstead - they were favs of mine when I lived there 
The takeaway from tonight's game: the Colts' run defense was HUGE. And Curtis Painter rightfully owes us all (us especially) a big finger. 
@user Blue Jays beat Red Sox with a huge rally in the second half of the game back in June. That's the best one I remember. 
The Apple event starts 10 minutes after I get out of Chemistry. I may be sprinting back to my dorm to catch it in time. 
Fantastic Friday at NCA! School was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight! @user 
Your Labor Day wknd sounds great&amp;all, but did YOU spend the 1st 5mins of The Rocketeer explaining Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken to your BF? 
Just got my The Great Unknown  download Free on Amazon Prime! Sounds great!!! @user it  just may be my new favorite CD! 
@user may God be with his people Israel and guide and protect them!# I stand with Israel! 
"No but I need to be in a happy place by September 25th, if not I'll be crying the entire Ed Sheeran concert.. #foreveralone" 
Oh what's that? The MAC is better than the ACC and Big East in football? .... That's what's up 
-but Saturday.. if you can make it to Monroe, please do so ! the after party for 3 different games is all in one. #GSU #JSU #ULL #ULM #Tech 
Good Afternoon Clemson FAM!....Let's finish out finals STRONG! We are taking care of business in the classroom...GO TIGERS :) 
The future looks bright for the Red Sox.  
@user Ash Wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol 
@user @user wow... i had my first phone at 6th grade and it was nokia express music, or nokia 3310..... 
its my Birthday on the East coast now. I was born EST, so I get to party now.   I live on the west coast so the party will last till Monday 
iPhone 7 release date: Reports point to September 7 or 9: Apple CEO Tim Cook wears the Apple Watch and shows t... 
"'Rowdy' Roddy Piper, wrestler known for rivalry with Hulk Hogan, dies at 61 - Washington Post: Chicago Sun-Tim... 
@user I'm also in Interlaken, tomorrow it's chrismas market in Unterseen (Interlaken other side of the rivers) enjoy your trip!" 
@user You missed a beast of a show on Saturday night with Foo Fighters. 
4 days until VintageNOW. We want to raise a bundle for the Safe House for Women. Support us by attending 0ct 30th.  
@user come over tomorrow? :) my mom isn’t staying there with me she has to stay with the big dogs at the old house until Gordon 
Diego Sanchez has shown interest in a fight with Conor McGregor. Douglas Crosby may possibly be his only hope. 
Some analysts are beliving that Tony Romo will have a win against the Falcons Sunday night...yeah ok. 
Very much looking forward to Saturday. Afternoon tea and Firework display at the Celtic Manor. 
The boys have this Christmas concert in San Jose in Dec. that I might go to...I feel like Zayn will be back in the band by then 
IHOP is the move tomorrow 
Justin's playing in NYC on the today show on Thursday I think. I should ask to go 
#EGGPLANT (i want a ipod) 
Zanjeer 1st Schedule completed & Ramcharan is happy with the output 
Super Saturday is on tomorrow at Westfield Parramatta. One day to grab some pre Christmas bargins. For one day... 
"The thing Siri says lol.... I'm going to sleep, I got a date with history tomorrow morning at 8 #MIDTERM" 
@user @user Seth Rollins great match with Neville on Monday night raw very entertaining match 
"Man, what Kendrick Lamar did to J. Cole's ""A Tale of 2 Cities"" instrumental for Black Friday makes you forget it belongs to J. Cole. My word" 
The 10th Annual Colossal Castle Contest has begun!:  The Colossal Castle Contest is one of the longest running L... 
Here's a photo of Prince George eating the future Queen of England's hair. Happy Thursday. @user #Royals 
I love giving out Halloween Candy and seeing happy neighborhood kids even if it is Nov 3. #Sandy 
@user @user may just wear helmet while I watch Kevin Hart on Netflix...lol, but wife wants to go so ya know what that means. 
Going to Warhorse at the Winspear Opera House tomorrow. Really really excited! Anyone else seen this? 
Someday I'm going to compose a book of the comments we receive on our Monday morning Browns posts. It'd still be better prose than Twilight. 
Scoop! Elmbridge Choir performing with Brit Award classic boy-band BLAKE on May 24th at Epsom Playhouse! Yoohoo how cool is that! 
"Three day weekend a head. Tonight Grand Bend forracing, Saturday Grand Bend with the inlaws more racing. Sunday first #Sting game for us." 
"U2's on hiatus but we're not. We'll be in Atlanta this Thurs/Fri. If you're in the area w/ a U2 tattoo, we'd love to meet up &amp; document you!" 
Hahaha pass offs are tomorrow. I have nothing memorized. I think it's time for more Netflix. 
Sunday's matches certainly more than made up for all the 'excitement' that Saturday sputtered through beginning with the Merseyside Derby. 
@user Hi, thanks for your great contribution in Oracle and i hope one day i may reach your levels. God bless you. 
Heat vs Knicks is gonna be the most exciting 1st round series 
April &amp; I watching Thor is just us groaning at how hot Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston are 
Ready to be with Bentley tomorrow. 
@user molson amphitheatre!! Seeing Zac Brown Band!! and he and his crew just came and sat in front of us ahah 
@user @user @user I still remember him from waiting I'm line to see U2 at Sun Life. We had a nice chat about U2! 
July 27th three years ago; the night David Beckham drove past me on the Thames on a motor boat. #blessedbybecks 
"Swachh Bharat: C'mon, it's time to come clean - writes @user 
"Going to sleep early, so I'm ready for tomorrow with The Cab, Evermore and MAROON 5 :)" 
GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina will likely take the prime-time debate stage later this mon 
That goes for George Osborne and Theresa May too:) don't think I've forgotten you:):) 
I’m so happy for @user :) she is finally showing the world what she gots! Blake, Hey Monday, and now just CASSADEE POPE! <3 
Hey I wanna see Flight tomorrow with Denzel ol fine self. 
tomorrow will be the day I get up and go to dunkin in the morning I feel it 
Tomorrow Cacao is being delivered along with Star Wars little Golden Books and I get to finally play Armello on PS4! Is it Tuesday yet? 
@user I'll check tomorrow to see if it's on Amazon or Netflix :) 
"This is literally the 3rd ticket I've bought to Milan, I really just can't lol" 
Hurry over to the @user in @user they just played Marilyn Manson followed by Iron Maiden. Power Sunday! 
@user @user it's easy when your blue !!!!!!! Hope the toon beat the SMB tomorrow 
Republican candidate Carly Fiorina tweets that she is OK after getting into an accident with a deer Friday. 
Parent Program celebrating NAIDOC &amp; Eid with some painting and morning tea! Lots of variety every Friday morning. 
"Another huge fireworks show @ dearborn homecoming, big enough to rival detroit s, & it happen again tomorrow night!" 
@user hahaha just to Mitcham! thank god ! Yeah it's usually a Thursday but I've got a week off now for Shans bday :) 
@user I was at 3 TS concerts, the 2nd in Philly &amp; both at MetLife. Was in 200's in Philly. Had best spot for the first MetLife show, 
"Here's where to get a free hot dog tomorrow, on National Hot Dog day via @user 
I feel like we need to talk more about Ashton's rap in she looks so perfect  during the livestream in July #EMABiggestFans5SOS 
5 page paper due tomorrow and what am I doing with my time? Watching the Animal Planet. #weeeeeee 
"Dustin Johnson has a lead in a major on Thursday, because of course he does: 
Grateful Dead show in San diego on the 7th. Save the date. 
@user stop, sry @user SEP 1st is the correct! a MUST BUY in PS STORE! (I wish PS4 would have a #Wishlist ;) ) #BetterPSN!" 
#Argo is set to receive Best Film, Director and Writing noms at the Oscars, at the very least. And may be, art direction. 
"David Price, Justin Smoak send Jays by Yanks for 7th win in row always a Great day when tha Yankees lose.... #$Ball" 
The Leader on the Sunday of the British Open and Paul Dunne is still 20/1. Crazy! 
May the odds be ever in your favour Aussie Directioners, #Hot30sGo1DenTicket 
"I just finished reading Paper Towns last night, and 9 is going to a sleepover tomorrow, so somehow I talked J into seeing the movie tomorrow" 
"Doom metal legends SUN O))) have announced an Australian Tour for this October with """"post-everything"""" act @user 
’Really good day’ as Danica Patrick finishes 10th at Kansas Nationwide race - NASCAR News | FOX Sports on... wlmXrhFu 
"Put it in the books! Big games for The Captain, Thor, and Granderson. Let's got Matz tomorrow! #LGM" 
Glad to hear there may be a bigger more public memorial to those killed by IRA terrorists at the Birmingham pub bombings 
It’s now or never, Ita now or never! That is why he is the best of his kind. May not play for us but hats off to Ray Lewis  52 #TheGreatest 
Behavioral Marketing is the New Marketing - Cant Miss IBM Event on Sep 23; Details Below @user #silverpop  
Wow! International defender to make Arsenal transfer in January, is this what Arsenal needs? #AFC 
@user I'll come for the faculty exhibition on Tuesday.. and I'm like most of the time in uni after 3:30 PM :) in CIT building 
"7th inning at Fenway Park. Red Sox lead the Phillies 6 to 1. Eduardo Rodriguez still on the mound for the Sox, seeking his 9th win" 
@user Glad Twilight night was a success. I'll make it to the next one!  Sorry to be the lame-o! 
Don't forget the Mount Hot Pools second Soak 'n' Sounds tomorrow night featuring none other than Fleetwood Mac!!! 
Tonight we see Jurassic World for the 7th time. Record maybe? 
I know that had to be hard for Al Michaels to announce the passing of Frank Gifford. They covered a lot of games on Monday nights. #MNF #NFL 
i'm so curious about how they're gonna make Jurassic World into a 2nd movie 
"Shows next week close to home warren, Ohio June 22nd I'm gonna Rock the bang mode concert, Rockapalooza jackson, Michigan June 23rd" 
I liked a @user video Nicki Minaj - Dear Old Nicki with lyrics - Pink Friday 
Watching Monday Night Football with Don Meredith - Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford was the best sportscasting of all time. 
[$] BLACK FRIDAY BEST PRICE Underwater Case for the Following Olympus Evolt Digital SLR... 
"2nd wedding anniversary today, celebrating with a trip to Milton Keynes to see the Foo Fighters!" 
@ caroemerald Def 'Back It Up' please! Amazing @user Bmth last year! This year will see you @user in Milan on 07 Nov. Cant wait!! :-) X 
RT @user Preparations to mark the 64th Independence Day of #Pakistan in a befitting manner on August 14 are in full swing! A ... 
#Jays David Price on the bump tomorrow with his #WinningAttitude  David throws the ball and dares you to hit it and that's how he wins! 
David Cameron @user Sep 4  Taking refugees direct from camps allows a safe route to the UK, rather than the hazardous journey. 
@user thanks for hosting us Murray. Had a great time. Good luck for the cup. May the best team win. They usually do. 
"Higgins """"Great experience for the young group and to meet with Premier League teams a real highlight"""" """"Very young squad to play on Sat""""" 
@user Naruto is the sun its alright 
I wanna go see the Zac Brown Band this Friday. 
"If you love me, you'll tell Frank Ocean to drop his album by September 14th. Thanks." 
Club Pulse was fun af. Had a blast. Heading to the crib. Relaxing tomorrow & getting into a lil trouble with friends. #GladIDontHaveParents 
"S/O to @user ! I don't really know her but she seems real chill. She may not know how to spell Peyton Siva, but still follow her!" 
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.-Bruce Lee. Get the MOST out of this Friday! #leapinno" 
What's better than beers with @user ? Cold beers on a Friday night at Zac Brown Band #Bros #SummerOfCountry 
"David Bowie: ""Blackstar"": There is a star in our universe called KIC 8462852 that may or may not be the hub of... 
#supermariomaker is out this Friday! Who's excited? I absolutely love Nintendo! Who's with me? 
Friday smile-  Musicians around the world pay tribute to the Grateful Dead's 'Ripple' in new video via @user 
Fleetwood Mac very well may be one of the best bands in history. 
Watching @user makes me want to go back to Italy so badly... May have to settle for digging out Antonio Carluccio's book tho! 
RT @user That's a beautiful dream! RT @user I also had a dream last night that football season started and the Ravens ... h ... 
@user totally Rousey. Misha Tate took her to the 3rd round time last time and has gotten better 
Imaaa be the 1st Tongan hooper in the NBA #Fact 
And Argentina say Messi does nothing for the national team??! That goal was just magical Messi time as usual, c'mon! XD 
@user i like that idea hehehe. Interlaken is fun but we may see the tweaker again....we'll bring protection. 
Everyone show up again tomorrow that Chardon game was too much fun to not do it again!! #BeaverCentral #Pride 
Anyone of you fancy joining me at Arsenal v Stoke on Sat?  I have 1 spare ticket (sat next to me) - 3pm kick off 
Katy Perry will be hosting this years MTV EMA's on her 31st birthday! This is going to be some show! 
'US Public Agrees with Israel's Opposition to Iran Deal' Obama may have secured congressional support for... 
"August 8, Happy Birthday Dave Evans aka the Edge from U2. 
Trump loves Christians &amp;may not be particularly 'religious' as we know it....but God is still allowing him to excel in spite of everything!! 
So excited for Thursday I just got @user tickets to the Jason Aldean concert for her bdayyyy! 
"Ahead of the crunch match with Rotherham tomorrow, check out my latest Leeds United blog here 
I can't believe Nintendo is announcing the NX.  "Just because I mean why not. Here ya go. Happy Monday" - Miyamoto 
"2 tickets for Jason Aldean tomorrow, hmu if you want them" 
Nice day in Tucson again. 
Apple Watch now at Best Buy: Apple unveiled the company's first major consumer device in years on Monday, Marc... 
Yoga tomorrow at 7:30 pm at Illuminate! I can't wait to see you guys there! 
Congratulations to the Jurupa Valley Jaguar Water Polo Team. Placed 2nd in league and have a chance to go and do something in CIF. 
I may not be the best singer but when I’m in the shower.I turn into Zayn Malik, and I regret nothing :3 
Standard New Nintendo 3DS Coming to North America in September: Nintendo announced today that the standard New... 
Definitely going to have to take a trip to Dunkin on Saturday before the early ass scrimmage 
Your #Saturday #Satisfaction with Mariah Carey - Thank God I Found You (album version) #zaterdag #samedi 
Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday still gives me chills every time I listen to it 
Alex Smith is 10th in the MVP running! Right now he Quals for ProBowl with over a 70 QBR! I said it before the season started! #49ers 
So... I'm sat having a lovely dinner in @user with @user ... and David Beckham comes in ... 
"This sums up everything about Kanye West. I may not like him as a person, but I love him as an artist. #VMAs" 
"This may top the """"I ate my kids Halloween candy"""" from @user #NUD 
"Last night I had a dream that I made it to the VMA's , & I was on 106&Park talking about my album coming out. Time to make it all a reality." 
Then the newest issue of Thor comes out tomorrow!!! 
Watching NHK for the 8th time in the last 3 years. Welcome to depression. 
I want to play apples to apples at a Halloween party tomorrow. 
Tim Tebow may be availible ! Wow Jerry , what the heck you waiting for ! 
@user lol thats dedication :) mind you I have paid for Bioshock Infinite in June and thats not out till Feb lol 
Feast your eyes on the NEW International TRAILER for #Carol starring Cate Blanchett &amp; Rooney Mara. In cinemas Jan 14 
"Please, please, please come true. I'm counting down the hours until Watchman's release. 
@user Dustin Johnson good 1st day again. Deja vu on him flopping next few days. 
@user doing a #XF3DayHiatus watch over the weekend! Sat Bad Blood, Sun Arcadia, Mon PMP all at 8pm EST - join in the fun!" 
It's Smash Project's 2nd monthsary today! I think that's reason enough to vote and request to make Endlessly NUMBER ONE today! :) 
Gambled on Chocolate Day as a successful theme day at work..turns out chdn DO like chocolate. Wed. is Gross Day. Hope kids like gross stuff. 
"Was listening to Kendrick's ""Black Friday"" and I'm pretty sure it took my Call of Duty online to a entirely new level.." 
@user I still have my original newfangled iPod. Maybe I'll bring it to the game on Monday. 
it's really going to this Chris Brown concert tomorrow.... like I'm buying my ticket as i tweet this 
Happy #BeyDay Beyonce!  May the day be fierce and fabulous for all! 
Tomorrow is the day. I'm gonna do a Speech of St. Patrick's day in @user honour. Wish me luck! <3 
Exciting ang Sarah G Live this sunday with Anne Curtis, Myrtle, Melay, Echo, Jm de Guzman and Toni Gonzaga! =) 
The late great Andrew Breitbart’s new movie, Occupy Unmasked, comes out Friday. Who’s going? #tcot #gop #teaparty 
"#ngsgigpick just had a special moment, a duet between @user &amp; @user on the 1st night of Mr Hugo Race's Australian Tour." 
Also, The Forsaken Comedy is free until Friday!  Pick up From Hell with Love and the sequels from Amazon 
@user  Janet Jackson I love u!!!!   U can't wait to see u on February 5 at the palace of Auburn Hills. I be the loudest one there!!! 
David Price rolls up the rim @user Sunday and a win for the #Jays   Welcome to #Canada David. 
I watched the big bang theory on Thursday when I was at home but I cannot get Footprints on the moon's Thor &amp; Dr Jones out my head! 
I'm getting ready for Annabelle tomorrow night- I hope I'll get a good night of sleep tonight. #TheConjuring 
Bernie Sanders will stop in Greensboro, NC Sunday. He's holding a rally at the Greensboro Coliseum. #Vote2016 
HFUnderpants: 6925 ?Aug 27 / 0048+. Taiul end of show with Grateful Dead's "We Will Get By" into station ID as... 
Ladies will have a free day tomorrow. Hope they enjoy rest of their time in Okinawa. #miss2012 
May go see Ant-Man tonight. Anyone interested? 
"So Drake's ""If You're Reading..."" is the 3rd best album of the year, behind Kendrick and Adele (haha). They might as well hand me the Grammy" 
Caught up on True Blood!! I love it... Now time for bed! Night peeps.. be safe tonight :)!!! 
TODAY remembers 'triumph' Frank Gifford: See his best moments via @user May he rest in peace! 
Netflix has its eye on four new markets in Asia for launch next year: Netflix said Tuesday it will bring its t... 
"The Vamps @user performed in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge on Monday, check out their amazing set here.... 
Ravens sign Ricky Williams ohhhhh leeeeee dueeetttttt #blackbirdgang...they bout to smokeout the locker room tonight 
He was in the Atletico academy, Real is the biggest team in Europe next to Barca. All his friends are in Madrid. LOL 
"If anyone sees Cate Blanchett today, can you let her know I may be late for our hot #StarWars date? #sydstorm #TheForceAwakens #flightdelay" 
Support: We’re excited that Stan Walker & advocates are running for the kids The Sun-Herald City2Surf soon!... 
"First hump day of 15/16 brought to by: DMB&amp;Tim, U2 &amp; INXS. Enjoy your Wednesday....learn something" 
"Good news for #Patriots fans: Tom Brady owns the Steelers, his opponent tomorrow night 
@user Such an interesting sound at the time, for me, less so after Curtis, but remember the storm Blue Monday caused @user 
"With 9 Ks on 109 pitches, will David Price get the 9th? He's been incredible tonight! #BlueJays leading 8-2 
told my mom I'd go to practice tomorrow but I think I might walk to dunkin once she leaves 
Dybala leading Juventus' new-look attack and living up to the hype: Inter Milan's Hernanes and Marseille's Mar... 
"I’m late but, I just watched """"Good Deeds"""" for the 1st time. Awesome movie! Cried thru most of it. Turned 30 and got sensitive as hell." 
"twilight Good morning and happy Friday, all! Anyone else braving the crowds for twilight tonight?" 
Labor day deserves an entire week off from school instead of just a monday. #LaborDayWeek 
@user An excellent idea. May is a lovely time in the city. Chelsea Flower Show too. And yes, costs often better than summer months." 
"Don't forget tomorrow ( Sunday ) is the Lords Day, Christians attend Church on the Lords Day! If you don't have a... 
&lt;Desiree&gt; The Royalton Riviera Cancun is very kid-friendly! Curtis just found out that he may not get to go on... 
Good Luck to the VBall team tomorrow night vs SPX. It's Senior night so show your support for our 6 awesome seniors! #SeniorNight #Celtics 
"Good morning!! Today's my 6th day of work in a row and I should be super tired, but no! Because it's Star Wars day!! Less than 16 hours!!" 
We survived  the year 2000  Aliens from Independence Day  and The day after tomorrow   I better not be taken out by some common cold 
Plus, Atleti still killing it. My heart may belong to Barca but I love the competition. First place may not be so predictable. (2/2) 
@user @user oml so this just happend 1st time ever but love you guys and Calibraska is bae asf 
$1 stack of pancakes @ ihop tomorrow 7-7 you're welcome fam 
Dustin Johnson with a snowman (8) on the first already.. Hes starting his usual Sunday form early!! He loves snowmen and sneachta!! 
Dino’s Invitational dual meet tomorrow in Calgary, then Rocky Mountain Cup to follow. Rip it up Bears and Pandas #bustamove 
"Clocked in. PC on. Headphones in. Pearl Jam, Nirvana, David Bowie, Barry Manilow (Don't judge me) playlist on .. Right Monday bring it on" 
I'm so excited for Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters to be in the hood Saturday 
Aww! Matt Cain just given a key to the city &amp; a proclamation of June 13th as Matt Cain Day in SF for his perfect game. Yay Matty! #MattCain 
"Been on a huge Beatles binge since I heard Paul McCartney play this past Friday night. Even though I wasn't in the crowd, it was amazing." 
Serena better be the first night match on Thursday. 
@user Woody, do a Mail Monday with FPS Russia? Those are so funny! 
From the Archive - : Join us as we shout at Christians on Monday outside Parliament. Weather expected to be nice. 
If you're at the mall and wanna sing Justin bieber songs with me come to pac sun 
@user Pancakes at IHOP, good way to start any morning but Sat or Sun they just taste better.. 
@user If we can find a partner for Suarez in Jan, great. Sterling becomes an impact sub. Then in the summer, get a proper 10 and 
Just finished the paper needed for tomorrow's exams. I think I DESERVE to watch an episode of Game of Thrones. I just do. It's only fair. 
"sat with the parents watching the highlights from hype park on sky arts for the last few hours, theres nothing better than springsteen!" 
Anyone wanna go see Equalizer with me tomorrow.? 
"If I get to ask Catelynn a question tom. night, I decided it will be """"HOW IS YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH APRIL?"""" I think it's good, thank you." 
If they made jurassic park today jesse Eisenberg would probably play dr Malcolm and I think he'd do well. Have a good Saturday 
Top science and technology award of the Islamic world to be awarded in Iran on Friday 
@user you won! Conor McGregor knocks out Chad Mendes in 2nd round for interim title 
You may not know this, but before he was a famous country star . . . Eric Church was a KNIFE salesman.  He talked... 
Nba league pass is free this week? Cool,  I damn sure wasn’t going to buy it since I got sunday ticket 
@user Good lad. think it’s actually a Saturday. I have the 17th in my diary. S S + AMAZING. El Classico in La Cuchara a highlight! 
"My turn to be office DJ - U2 on repeat. ""One may come in the name of love..""" 
"Kim Kardashian and Kanye West welcomed their son into the world on Saturday, and on Monday, they announced he shall henceforth be known as" 
For the 2nd consecutive year, the #Patriots and Nike will release new Lunar Force 1 sneakers. 
Google+ is still alive, and it may be the missing tool in your #recruiting toolkit --&gt; via @user 
@user We lost one of the greats today.. Frank Gifford was amazing and also had the voice that I loved on Monday night. #greatHOF 
2.5 million people watched Miss USA on Reelz! this Sunday! Congrats to the true winner @user 
"Centre on Religion and Geopolitics, a think tank linked to Tony Blair, says most Syrian rebels sympathize with ISIS. 
@user Everyone's still at Roskilde festival, it doesn't finish until tomorrow night, but just wait 'til Monday ;D" 
@user @user he may even be hotter than David Beckham 
Do not be afraid to be saints. Be open to the Lord so that He may lighten all your ways. [Bl. Pope John Paul II 
Nikon contest outlaws film images for first time (update Monday) - -  The rules for the Nikon Photo Contest ... 
My 5am drive to Leeds on Thursday morning was made EPIC by the sight of 'F1 JOY' sat in a transporter on Park Lane as a Bentley was unloaded 
"Tomorrow you're gonna hear Harry's becoming the next James Arthur, Niall will be into irish dance training, Louis will be a judge on XF --" 
Aslam _ o _ Alikum every one Happy 3rd day of Eid 
@user I look forward to see you with Liam, Louis, Zayn and Harry in ""Dancing with the Stars"" in France saturday! :)x" 
Gotta get my copy of the Rolling Stone issue tomorrow and get Dez to sign it... I gotta frame it 
Briana is the most prettiest girl i have ever known since i was in 7th grade 
I have many fond memories of sneaking up past my bedtime to watch Frank Gifford on Monday Night Football. We'll miss you man. 
Amazon Prime Day is here! More deals that Black Friday! Check it out. 
"Tuesday lunchtime linkage: David Wright is back and it feels so good [USA Today] Seriously, w... #SupportBrooklyn" 
"Runrig has just come on in the car, getting me so excited for Saturday :-)" 
I'm trying to decide what I want my son to be 4 Halloween 1.Donald Trump  2.Barack Obama or 3rd Michael Jackson he could pull off all three 
Have you snagged your tickets to see Kenny Chesney and Eric Church at Ford Field on August 22? 
@user I may or may not have just bought Pulse, Beyonce's perfume. 
"Sat in attendance with Miss USA, Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe at the Yankees game yesterday." 
Thor is still a great movie after the 3rd time. 
May Allah guide us all to the straight and balanced path and put the love of Islam into our hearts. 
@user I'm doing everything I can to be there on 13th February at the Legend Club in Milan 'cause you're the best band out there 
I have a lot of plans for my day tomorrow. And by that I mean I'm going to accidentally play Dark Souls for 5 hours. &amp; still whine about it. 
What a great way to start out the Men's Retreat, PANCAKES! We are all meeting Friday morning at 8am at IHOP on... 
Come spend Halloween with us at Volare! The Robbie Bartlett Trio will be here for your enjoyment! Wednesday is... 
@user oh yes, all italy make vacation in august incl. the soccer teams :))" 
Three things I'm excited for Monday: 1)Addict Dance Academy starts 2)The Hunger Games comes out on dvd and 3) @user is back with open!! 
Tank top Tuesday with my boy RIC FLAIR. 
Continuing to bond with the offspring via Marvel movies with another Superhero Saturday thanks to a very funny Ant-Man. #fb 
Off to see Toby Keith at the Red Rock Casino amphitheater tonight in Vegas. OH YEAH :-) 
Newcastle Utd upping the ante in the 2nd half. 
HARRY POTTER AND THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN ... Our Saturday Family Classic this weekend @ the POLK!  Saturday,... 
Been to the #Woking Remembrance Service - now out delivering in support of @user for Thursday's Police and Crime Commissioner election 
@user may be unpopular opinion but Ice Cube was the one with the lyrics. 
"It's fun to see how fast people turn bullish on just a bounce, expect new lows tomorrow voodoo SPX" 
@user because a former member of the marine corps needs your support this Sunday at summer slam!! And his name is John cena! 
Saturday Night Dance Party with 93.7 The Bull + Jason Aldean After Party!!! Free Cover 'til 8pm + $1.75 Wells &amp;... 
Double Eviction Night tomorrow! A week of Big Brother in just one night! Gotta see it tomorrow!  #BB17 
@user dear Burn i just saw 4th season of the Game of Thrones and you looked bloody cool and impressive so i might fear of you a bit! 
"46 years ago today, New Orleans was awarded the 16th NFL franchise - and the New Orleans Saints were born! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SAINTS!" 
Seeing videos of them performing at digi has made me excited to see the jacks in November 
"Only 2 hours left! Gonna be so sick, concert, bachelor party and I get paid to not work on Monday.As Ice Cube would say today was a good day" 
tomorrow is another big day in the tech world! I'm guessing a new upgraded  iPhone, iPad, and possibly new OS! 
Can't wait to see Paper Towns tomorrow with @user 
Ghost  rider 2 was good but it was super trippy. 1st one is better. 
"I think Caitlyn Jenner coming out was so important because it may have took a celebrity, but I think being trans will become acceptable when" 
rest in peace for lee soo man's wife. may her wife get the best place over there and stay strong for lee soo man and his family. 
Tickets now on sale for the much loved Sam Smith @user #Perth November 28. Visit: 
If you're in Kerry tomorrow evening and looking for some fun, come on down to St John's in Listowel.   Love,... 
RIP Frank Gifford.  He will forever be linked to the legend and legacy of Monday Night Football. #mnf 
Rivera says RB Jonathan Stewart looked good in practice and is confident he'll play Sunday vs. Green Bay. 
@user Thx for following #Econokit - you may like to use #bizikent and RT/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk 
@user watch out for Jeff carter he may try to mount! 
lol the boys are in Chicago so you know Harry and Niall's asses are headed to go golfing and soho house tomorrow. Chill out guys 
Cole and Kendrick did with the Black Friday track. 
Have you heard about Amazon Prime day? Don't miss it - July 15th! Yay! #ad #PrepForPrime @user #HappyPrimeDay  
Many rumours floating about that Harry Redknapp may be interested in the Blackburn job? What do you all think? 
All my FSSs are already wishing me happy holidays (even the ones from Israel!)... I sure am glad I won't have to work all alone tomorrow. 
Just when we thought comical @user was the chief clown. Big words as explosions at Eid prayers. Do 1st!!! 
Meet the 16 best social innovators from @user Social Innovation Tournament on 24 Sept in Milan! #socinn 
@user It’s #confirmed that you can listen to the deluxe version of TMH on ITunes 9pm GMT on Nov 5th, Monday. 
Good night out with the boys,party bus down town tomorrow n osu Saturday #cantwait 
I may or may not have just screamed because Jack and Jack release Calibraska tomorrow 
Enjoying a night of #Dexter with @user :) 
Good Friday afternoon! Construction & a crash on the ramp from 85 Northbound to 400 Northbound causing delays heading up from brookwood! 
"Monday's #booksbeneaththebridge @user is hosted by @user discussing To Kill a Mockingbird and Watchman. Don't miss it!" 
@user Hello Robin I will be in New York on oct 2 and I'm a cancer survisor as well as a post op transwoman lets talk about  Caitlyn Jenner 
@user @user @user Keep yr eyes open for Incursion. It may not be Spartacus, but it’s going to be out of this world :-) 
"Is John Cena made of steel or what? Injured on friday, wrestle the next day.  #Respect #WWE" 
Marquis of Vaudeville will be performing some of your fav David Bowie gems mingled with our own musical mischief! 
Lord I say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the Yankees today in Jesus amen 
Can't wait to go to @user with nirvana on Sunday. And for a great cause @user .. Everyone should get down and show support 
Michelle Obama played hopscotch, danced and sang with 33 disadvantaged children from the Indian charity Make a Difference on Saturday 
Android: Samsung will launch the Galaxy Note 5 in these countries:  Samsung may have only launched the Galaxy ... 
"I want Dunkin so bad, I don't think I can wait until tomorrow." 
I'll be writing in Dennis Kucinich for President this November he is the best member (former) of Congress and the best politician in DC 
Dustin Johnson leading during the 1st round of a major...stop me if we've heard this before 
If he is becoming a legitimate offensive threat which it appears he is (I know its only preseason) he may be THE x-factor to a Bulls title 
So Tomorrow gonna stay for the game with Israel yay:D 
@user Sanchez has a lil Jake Plummer in him. I like this kid. Nothing like throwing into triple coverage on 3rd 10 and Holmes catches it 
Through the Google lens: Search Trends August 28?September 3 
Join us in prayer for Syrian refugees in Hungary Budapest,may our.Father bless Mrs Angela Merkel.Thank you Mrs Merkel 
"Kane finding form at the right time, ready to score twice against Sunderland on Sunday..." 
The song Lost It To Trying (Paper Towns Mix) on the Paper Towns soundtrack is amazing. It's got FOBs Fourth of July as a base and just wow 
We have a busy Saturday coming up at Knollwood! Our experts will be on hand to help you find the perfect academy... 
The best thing about this weekend - Going to the Edinburgh Derby on Sunday. #HMFC #PrideOfEdinburgh 
Some outrageous shots from Federer in the tiebreak. The clean half volley return of a Djokovic 2nd serve just about the best of them. 
"come hang with us tomorrow at 1047 e. alameda dr in tempe! show starts at 6, and theres a keg so you best be there." 
ET Review: Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen): We have always recommended the Moto G for budget-conscious users w... #News 
Come and have the FIRST EVER GO on Lumino City on iOS @user @user + real models, Friday til Sunday! 
Kane son Clinton and Lamela as our forward line yea like that going get us top 7 never mind 4th 
"It's Wednesday night, which means an hour of Big Brother and live commentary with @user It's how we roll." 
"the fact that Ice Cube said ""Bye Felicia"" and it made it to Friday makes me happy lol" 
Good luck to all the people taking the OGT's tomorrow! #StayFocus #EatUp 
Jon Huntsman, Jr. is speaking tomorrow at the University of Akron.   Will be there!!! 
Off out for the afternoon to visit all our referring dentists in the Bethnal Green area. Got a day off tomorrow so have a great weekend all. 
@user I really like Forsberg, maybe above everyone else. Hopefully the pick isn’t traded for Sam Gagner and a 7th rounder. 
@user I just got Amazon prime last night and ordered a new mouse pad, and it's gonna be here TOMORROW woo 
"Big Brother nights are now Thursday, Friday, &amp; Monday. I love the internet #college" 
GREAT GAME GIRLS!! On to districts Monday at Fox!! Thanks to the fans for coming out :) 
"It's may sound an odd choice, but if I could bring back one musician for one concert, it would be George Harrison." 
MAYHEM!!   LIVE in the mix Tomorrow Thursday Night Oct 25 at Warehouse 29 in Greensboro NC!!!! Be There! 
I still have a lot of candy left anyone want tomorrow :’) 
Huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at Terra Nova! 
possibly going to digi tomorrow with nib and macky.... 
@user leggo watch Breaking Dawn on the 17th after the fair! :) 
"This may sound silly but, everyone needs to go see the Janet Jackson tour. To say it's amazing is an understatement. #doit" 
"6 months ago my mom didn't know who Ed Sheeran was.  But she has backstage passes to his show in Dallas tomorrow, so there's that." 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day! Take the CapeFLYER to get your ice cream fix! @user @user 
UGHHH. I love Thursday nights because Big Brother is live and I honestly don't know who will be sent home tonight #BB17 
"Jake and I will be in Sharknado 4. We may die in the first scene, but we'll be in it. #HollywoodDreams" 
No big deal, just a Kurt Cobain solo alburm that includes a COMEDY SKETCH 
@user Ok cheers hope you're right. Already 54-0 down after Thursday night as my opponent had TY Hilton and Arian Foster haha! 
"Man, October 1st is a fantastic movie. Kunle Afolayan, you are one helluva director." 
Ctfuuu cus he bout it do yourself a favor and listen to black Friday by Kendrick and Cole Kendrick snapped fym 
@user go and be their 5th member your a bitch like them anyway Islam is the best religion in the world 
Still so happy @user won battle of the bands and they get to play on ABC Sunday night. Cannot wait to play with them June 1st. 
Tomorrow is Dark Souls or Bloodborne day.  Gotta remind myself how practice and hours pay off 
Don't forget our beauty editor Laura will be at Westfield Parramatta at 1.30pm today (Sat) with plenty of great tips! Come &amp; meet her. #BWOB 
"Weird thing today, my copy of Deus Ex: HR shipped. Probaby have the box a few days before Steam lets me play it." 
Listening to Paul McCartney; got a major need to see him in concert again! Might pull out the concert DVDs tomorrow 
Since I'm a Redneck I'm gonna pull up to the Heritage game Friday blaring some Hank Williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans #yeahbuddy 
The last lecture of the day on a Monday to me is like Pancake Day for fat kids #dreamy 
"Going town tomorrow, definitely going to HMV and buying Chapman Square. :D @user <3" 
Cloudy in the Valley, good luck on your 2nd day of classes!! See you in the emerald city (ISAT) 
Wow, Federer wastes 3 bps with 3 Isner's 2nd serves. Fed 0/8 on bps tonight 
MANDY CARTER will be at #BGSU talking SOCIAL JUSTICE! You don’t want to miss this next Thursday.. at 8PM.. in BA 1007 
The Living Earth Festival is going to be pretty sweet!! If you're in the DC area be sure to stop by the American Indian Smithsonian tomorrow 
"- People are saying it’s one of the best shows they’ve ever seen!! """"Brothers Grimm Spectaculathon"""" at East, Saturday at 7pm!! BE THERE." 
@user  @user I will be watching Friday night at 10 est your special report on the Planned Parenthood scandal @user 
Samsung is prepping for Thursday when we'll see the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ officially announced. In... 
Sitting next to Reid Hoffman’s 2nd cousin at @user He’s a landscape architect to the stars :) #sonotintech 
Amazon is offering free two hour shipping or 7.99 one hour shipping. I'm going to have to try this out tomorrow. 
I'll just watch the 2nd last eps. of Naruto before I watch this new one 
@user You're cool as always, Cara #CJD &lt;3  Gonna watch Paper Towns this coming Saturday. Love you to the moon and back! :)" 
"Happy birthday, Prince George! Have lovely day. Back to boarding school tomorrow." 
July not over till Frank Ocean drop his album so it's still July 
"Some people feel the rain, others just get wet" ~ Bob Marley  #Rainydays #Tuesday #NYCCTSEEK #CityTech #CUNY 
#f12014game will also be out tomorrow on PS3/360/PC.  It's looking beautiful! Check the shine on that McLaren! 
Here's a list of every place you can get free ice cream for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday! 
Doing it big for @user 22nd birthday with @user @user thanhnii #hallowe @ MGM Grand at Foxwoods 
"Now that there's several 2D showings of ANT-MAN a day, maybe I'll actually see it... like tomorrow." 
happy bday to the amazing @user #Beyday big love to you, Jay-Z and Blue Ivy. may ur family continue to amaze this world. loves x 
Good afternoon everyone it’s Monday afternoon and i’m live on the airwaves of AMFM till 4pm. HELLO AND WELCOME TO AMY LEE IN THE AFTERNOON. 
If someone takes me to Carrie Underwood next Thursday, I will love you forever. #nokidding #blownaway 
Listening to that Elvis Presley... He may be on to something with his rock and roll! 
@user results live at 10pm on Channel 4. If you have 4 Music its on there from 9.45. Lets get tanked up tomorrow either way! 
"Well, my darling girl Aja is happy...no school tomorrow!  And really, I don't mind the respite from getting up for highschool hours!" 
I'll end the streak of bad movies tomorrow when I go to Ant-Man again 
Who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see @user at the Roxy theater? tickets are cheep. Thanks and please please please! 
@user Curtis, we be happy to assist with any concerns you may have. Simply post details at 
Check us out tomorrow morning on KARE 11 at 11:00 - we will be featuring the great Copper River Salmon in... 
@user If Spurs complete deals for Dempsey and Moutniho OMD! add that to the players they have, they may be better loooool cant believe it" 
No way Bucs make that Pats 4th round pick in 201:. It will be packaged to move up. Dominik loves to climb the draft ladder. 
"Flashback Friday to last halloween when I was Hulk Hogan. @user  Good vibes are with you, brother! 
"Dear ESPN - you aren't fooling anyone with your """"Monday Night Football"""" graphics... its Thursday. Just make TNF graphics. #Thanks" 
Rahul Dravid joining commentary team for the 1st time...Its the best moment of this test match :D 
"Im sitting in my car listening to Frank Ocean, thinking about what could have been in life. How's your Monday?" 
"Josh Hamilton may not be having a great year, but he's consistently delivered in crucial moments." 
Happy Thursday! Northshore Toyota has tons of cars in stock with your name on them! Come on by! #CovingtonLA #cardealership #Toyotacars 
@user For when your working day eventually ends .... David Bowie 'Speed of Life' (off 'Low'). #Happy-Friday 
Digimon... Digi... Mon... Digital... Monsters! OMG! They're DIGITAL... MONSTERS! I GET it now! and they're the champions! 
Thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant!  Echo and Penny will be in Friday morning at 10! 
"Man! Frank Gifford died. I was too young to remember his playing days, but he was a gem on Monday Night Football. #RIPFrankGifford" 
20th anniversary with the guy who digs I wanna go to Soundset tomorrow and the tattoo Ive designed. 
I support Sunday Oliseh 100% on this new Super Eagles list. Make us proud boys. We believe in you. #SourEagles 
.@Q1047 Would luv if you could make an announcement about Chris Rene concert @user this Thursday!! Thanks!! 
"After an almost 60-year career, Lloyd Robertson broadcasts his last @user Sept 1, he joins us next" 
New film series Rewind! starts Thursday, August 27 with JURASSIC PARK @user 
@user 1st time watching Big Brother #BB17 has me hooked. If Vanessa doesn't go I'm done! Want to see her walk in the #JuryHouse #awkward 
Kenny Lofton threw the 1st Pitch!! Glad I seen that! 
"I know you're not meant to have favourite students, but one of my favourite 12th Graders just gave me another rose for Women's Day >.<" 
Kid free dinner with @user  Paper Towns on Sat and  Harry Potter weekend on TV! What a great bday weekend! #wallofcows 
So I bet anyone money that tomorrow John Cena beats Rollins and Sheamus comes out and cashes in the money in the bank 
@user @user Happy birthday Kerry...Have a great day tomorrow....x 
I think @user should come back to Calgary. Saw him in September and yeah, he’s hot. I love him. <3 #nuffsaid #comeback #love 
BBC may have just redeemed themselves by gaining rights to#NFL coverage after losing the rugby, well nearly... 
Anyone want a Nintendo 64 it'll arrive by Wednesday? Star deal! 
Sacha Baron Cohen to star as Freddie Mercury. He’s the only one for the role, IMHO. via @user 
Cate Blanchett to be honored at the 27th Palm Springs International Film Festival: Two-time Academy Award winn... 
"This week just keeps getting better and better and it's only monday!!! #blessed 
@user which one is the phone betwwn nokia lumia 730 or the moto g 3rd gen 16gb? 
That was a day..... Paul McCartney may be the best Lolla set I've ever seen 
Big Bangs new season starts on the 27th YEAH BOII 
What a performance so far from Galway native Paul Dunne @user Good luck tomorrow you can do it! #nofear 
Maths re sit next Tuesday but then going to my first ever Champions League match at the Etihad! Buzzing! 
"All our lives, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the world that we reached  Nirvana - Seasons In The Sun  Good Morning!!" 
"Buy and watch Just dance on @user &amp; stream it on @user , it's very close to be her 3rd Diamond single! #MTVBestOf2015 Lady Gaga" 
Gotta love the Tom Brady  network lol C'Mon man stop riding this guy @user #cheater 
I have too many books to read.  Grey Cloud Atlas Twilight  Harry Potter 2nd Gen! How I Live Now If I stay Don't make me think 
"I do the same things every Sunday ... Clean , wash clothes, wash my hair, cook and watch big brother" 
@user Dark Souls 1 is my fav game of all time. Played it exclusively from release date for nearly 8 months.  Became a 2nd home... 
"That John Cena prank call video may have taken a few years off of my life. I was laughing way too fucking hard, it was horrifying. #WWE" 
Sun the Bee Gees really have chuneeee 
J Cole an Kendrick. L drop their heat on February 16 the same day of my birthday HINTHINT COUGHCOUGH that'll be a good b day present. 
"the 2nd part of U by Kendrick Lamar is so emotional tbh like his voice, he sounds so hurt" 
"My mom just said, and I'm not kidding: Tomorrow is Star Wars day, are you ready to see all the treakies at the theater?" 
Jupiter’s almost perfectly in line with the moon. Rather beautiful. May try looking at it tomorrow night via the old telescope. 
Glad I watched Twilight.  Now I'm not alarmed when I see @user out in the sun 
@user Irene Thank you very much for your lovely MTs today much appreciated! Hope you have a great weekend! 
"""@Jonny_Hancock87: If you google ""fresh prince costume"" I’m the 3rd picture!"" That’s cool!" 
Super super super excited about gay pride on the 19th too mf hype. 
State qualifiers, young Life, short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good(; 
@user Their new album is out this coming Friday. Same day as Iron Maiden's new album. More excited for Amorphis though. 
Going rib Elton all day tomorrow.! 
@user @user @user And that's why SCOTUS has the last word on what laws states may enact and enforce. Hence "Supreme Court." 
Thank you ABC2.. Crossfire Hurricane is on! Sunday night viewing at its best. #rollingstones @user 
Meek Mill really dated Nicki &amp; thought.. I'MON TOP OF THE WORLD. Thats what Love does to you man 
"Song of the Day: Heavy is the Head by Zac Brown Band / Chris Cornell  Good morning and happy Tuesday, and Teller... 
"Rolling Stone says Blister in the Sun and the rest of the Violent Femmes debut album ""exploded like an over-ripe... 
I'm a PDF convert. I shall seek the almighty Oracle for guidance. @user  
In June she holidayed in Europe, meeting up with ex husband James Packer and his new partner Mariah Carey - and now Jodhi Meares is 
That August Alsina album is dope. Most artists' sophomore album isn't as good as the first (*cough* Kendrick *cough*) but this joint fire 
Sorry I'm going to see Beyonce tbh!!!  
RT @user I can't for this Ravens game on thursday .. first game of the preseason. --I'm so glad footballs back! 
Big day coming up for! Word from cutoms and UPS is we will have our bouncy castle, by tomorrow. i’m praying their right. #ogoplay 
Sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow and I think I'm going to cry with happiness 
Anyone have a track ticket to the Eric Church concert Friday? @user 
"RT @user if Twilight wins all the awards at the TCA's tonight, I will burn my Twilight posters k? ok." 
@user good morning! Cute pic! Shailene was so adorable with jimmy Fallon the other night! Happy Friday! 
I can't wait to invade these Wal-Mart's on December 22nd with Kendrick's XXL cover. 
Preview "Suite 12" on Amazon and check out the album tomorrow! #urbanartsent #1smrecords #doingjusticeishine 
"Jason Aldean Thursday, free Toronto Blue Jays game Friday and ZBB concert Sunday. Bout to be the best weekend of summer." 
On Election Day, November 6 MDC WILL be having class as a make up day. We will see all of our Dance III lovelies then! 
Aug 27 (Reuters) - Apple Inc, which launched the Apple Watch in June, is within striking distance of leader Fitbit Inc in the wearable 
@user Nick Diaz is da Best! Smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade! Fuck Yeah! 
"Isn't It a Pity"" di George Harrison my sweet quiet George the only One. You Are in my sunset sunrise Sun sky. Love. 
I hope that tomorrow I will wake up with justin bieber in my stocking 
"May it Jason Derulo, Sean Kingston, Kanye West or Justin Timberlake. Just a loud music is relaxation. Some moment to forget the world." 
@user had to tell you that I'm seeing the cleveland orchestra tomorrow and I'm so excited to hear music from jurassic park! 
#AprilLives  No Sharknado without April.  Love a chick with a sawhand 
And Shawn just said we can go to the commons on Friday so now I'm happy (: 
Teacher: the sun is the hottest thing we know to exist.  Me: have you seen David Beckham? 
DR.EGGS LIVE IN HONG KONG with an another Super band: Halcyon. OCTOBER 20 at BACKSTAGE LIVE.  Get your ticket... 
"Holy mother of all that is good, Kanye West's speech at the Video Music Awards on Sunday was all sorts of burning... 
@user J Cole and Kendrick gonna release that fire in February just make it till then 
"David Wright hits a homer that lands four rows from the concourse in LF, an absolute bomb. It's now 2-1 #Nats in the 2nd." 
David Wright returns to Citi Field! His first AB at home since April 14th will be with 1 on and 2 out! 
@user my mother is going to order her phone tomorrow! Probably getting a Moto G. 
Meet up at Starbucks by the Capitol around 10:30 tomorrow morning! Clipboarding before the PRIDE parade! 
@user Yeah we went to a Kpop concert last friday and it was soo awesome!! Ohh haha for 3 months xD 
A Big congrats to Kevin McCarthy who was victorious on Saturday in the Presidents Day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf. 
"I may snuggle up with a stuffed animal at night, but it's widely excepted that I'm funnier than Bill Maher. Secret genius!" 
One other possibility: Hawaii. Chow may be done with BYU and Hawaii may have better options from teams on probation for their Dec 7 game. 
This died between Rousey and Mayweather; c'mon -- y'all athletes at the best in your sport. Rousey would win though. Can you say #WomenUnite 
Who is ready for the iPad Pro? Today may be the day... 
I can't tell you how much I am looking forward to AC/DC concert with my son in December. Um...OK, I can. Lots. 
People said I was dumb for picking Arian foster with my first pick..which was the 11th pick. He's the 5th best RB so far 
Kris Bryant may have saved the season with 1 swing of the bat. Early but that was HUGE in stopping a pyroclastic flow of inadequacy. #CUBS 
"Also. National Hot Dog day is Thursday. But I really, really like tacos and margaritas. #NationalTequilaDay #nationalhotdogday" 
"Missed the game, but awesome that Kane scored. Should help a ton for Sunday.  #Confidence" 
@user Can’t wait for the new series, starts on Sunday over here in Britain, #redjohn 
#celebrate your new arrival with a naming ceremony. Meet @user at mum n baby fair Colne Valley Garden Centre Huddersf'd sun 28 10.30 
@user you should do something extra special for Chicago on Friday and sing U2's Ultraviolet. It's so perfect when you sing it. 
I think Paper Towns is out tomorrow and I really wanna see it :( 
Josh Hamilton pinch hit single! Venable to 2nd! DeShields at the plate! No outs! Let's go Rangers! 
it's tuesday :D #np moanin - yoko kanno (ost. sakamichi no apollon) 
Rory McIlroy on top of the world after beating a resurgent Tiger Woods at the Honda Classic in Flori 
"2nd Halloween with @user - People of the Capitol. I love that corseted, blue haired woman. 
The new Iron Maiden album is awesome.  Buy it now. Not out til Friday but heard it today and it's Maiden of old. Buy i 
I am honored to be celebrating 50 years of Grateful Dead music at the SF Giants game tomorrow night by singing... 
Not gonna lie journey to the mysterious island may be a kid movie but I think its pretty fuckin funny 
@user kindly Retweet my last tweet about Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh. Thanks." 
@user @user @user Hellaw Jan - Should I wish you Happy Nurses Day?? 
@user r u going to Vancouver's Pride Parade this Sunday, Aug 2 ? Wud be awesome 4 all ! 
"Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you.Paul McCartney" 
@user Happy 22nd Kendall!!! Thank you for being part of Big Time Rush and making me smile and giving me Halloween costume ideas! 
Tomorrow I will be reunited with my best friend for two and a half more weeks of sitting up all night &amp; watching foreign Netflix movies. 
I want Magic Mike XXL!!  C'mon? ;)  #hoorayformonday #workwork #nachos #lavinia #novaturient 
Hawes &amp; Curtis wishes you Season's Greetings. Spend time with your loved ones and we'll see you all tomorrow! 
@user hey you better have no plans for Sep 13th!! That's when Shawn and I's comp is in Statesboro!! 
Ylianna Guerra Miss Texas USA won 1st runner up at Miss USA. So proud to say she comes from the Valley and made it this far! 
RT @user #AL Sanchez connecting twice early in full team practice with TE Dustin Keller. Following play was a reverse to Jeremy Kerle ... 
Love the new mix by Jason Vernau  Live @ Nikki Beach Miami March 11th 2012 by @user via #soundcloud 
The Eight Day of the week: Sarah G. Day!! Where you can party party,laugh,dance and go crazy! #SarahGLive on Sunday guys:) 
I ordered the crossed out Monday shirt that Niall wore on tour at 1 am this morning. Why? Because I can't be stopped. 
Nurses Day is May 12. Can you guess why? Hint: famous nurse's bday. 
"Demi Lovato Praises Amy Schumer On 2016 Pirelli Calendar Photo: On Thursday night, the comedian spoke ... #lovato" 
"Sydney, Newcastle - Mon 3 to Weds 5 September - Spotlight on the road sharing the Reporting, Dashboard, Franchises, @user love!" 
"New Haven CT! Come to the Teen Center and party with us August 31st and help us end """"The Coming Alive Tour"""" with a bang! ;)" 
Our first Christmas together AND we got to celebrate our 1 year (the 24th). Merry Christmas from Curtis and I! 
@user #greta #GOPDebate  Carly won it and Bobby Jindal definitely placed 2nd. 
My pictures are always like the 2nd one but he is Justin Bieber so he's perfect anyway. 
"Arnez J @user sold out the Houston Improv last night and put a crazy, brilliant, side-splitting performance! He's here til Sunday!" 
@user shes good! she turned a year old last month and shes going to peru with my mom on saturday 
"Thanks @user for the post! See you this evening from 6.30 pm in our Gallery (Piazza XXV Aprile 11/b, Milan) 
@user please make the fans from Rome as happy as you made us, fans from Milan, the 9th of May #5SOSComeToRome" 
So excited to be going with my lil girl Jaz to see Ed Sheeran &amp; Christina Perry tomorrow night #DaddyJazAdventures 
She's currently preparing for the return of Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday but Emma Willis was looking relaxed in Edinburgh on 
Ash Wednesday lyric~ she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it, well i want better than this... 
"Got my Sunday sussed out start with Russian game,MK Dons,Edinburgh Derby for starters.!" 
Looking forward to the @user tomorrow in Grand Bend! See you there 
I'm on Netflix tonight while eating cheesecake. Tuesday night for the win 
@user say hello tomorrow from your high status line up and I shall hail to the VIPs 
Did you miss the ESPY Awards on Wednesday? Check out the amazing tribute video to Pat Summitt. Rocky Top Books... 
Went out with a olee in Cupertino vallco shopping center. Then nice outside paido for dinners.Friday’$ :-) 
LABOR DAY SALE TOMORROW!!!   15% OFF EVERYTHING in the store!!!!!! (10am-6pm)  Yoga Classes (6am-7:45pm)... 
"Today is National Hot Dog day but to me it's so much more.  It's a combo of Hanukkah, Christmas, my birthday (Sept. 1), and even 4th of July" 
Thursday nights are the best. Why? The Originals and Vampire Diaries with my two best lady loves. 
Unreal I turn 18 and second swing at the SATs tomorrow 
"The #ChicagoWolves get right back to it tomorrow afternoon, hosting Iowa on Star Wars Day!   DETAILS: 
"Charles Darwin's own dad thought he was lazy. Even if you are having a bad day, there's always tomorrow: 
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN &amp; Wooooo RIC FLAIR is sat next to #WWESuperman RIGHT NOW here in the hotel bar. #FlyingHigh. #WWE #Summerslam week! 
Good morning! It's Monday........again....:-)...Happy day after National Ice Cream Day...:-) 
A win over England on the 5th day of the 3rd test match will give us one more reason to celebrate the INDEPENDENCE Day! Via @user 
@user @user I work at Monsanto so it's not possible I think for myself, talk for myself, etc - Really? Happy Saturday! 
@user Maybe Gaiden characters? 7th Hokage Naruto would be suuuuper lit. And Boruto comes out tmrw so maybe thats it 
haha! my family just watched the Red Sox win and my 1 love make 4 hits while I sat at home and wrote my essay! lol!  
I thought they may censor it like in Bleach and sometimes in Naruto. Major props to Toei Animation for letting it stay uncensored. 
Andy, everything looks positive. You and the NY’ers survived again.  Still one mind set love my Carhart just bought the hood Wed  Lookn Good 
"Thank you """"Happiest Baby on the Block"""". I may sleep a couple hours tonight due to your teaching!" 
@user I miss you too! I'll be at SU sunday to watch the lax game, come with me!!!" 
@user I’d go with my first time for Evanescence but the 2nd was amazing, Nightwish was gorgeous, same for GaGa, so difficult ^^’ 
"Gala @user Sunday Oct 19 7-10,Great food, drink, music, people! tickets: support the arts #yyjarts" 
What is true of the individual will be tomorrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope. ~ Gandhi 
Did you know that 'Sarah Palin' was Trending Topic on Friday 28 for 5 hours in Phoenix? #trndnl 
@user LOOOL errr.. I'll have to it watch it today (was watching Celebrity Juice last night) 
"Thank you for knowing what will keep this nation secure, Scott Walker. 
In honor of National Margarita Day  come and enjoy $3 Margarita’s, and the usual wednesday specials $1 drafts and free food buffett!!! 
@user You can resort to the old Madonna hit "Holiday!.....Calibrate!"if need be. That may have pre-dated you, however. 
"Good luck tonight to Ghostpoet, PJ Harvey, Anna Calvi, Elbow and Metronomy at the Mercurys- If either of you will I'll be chuffed." 
#ihope that @user will be able to come to cuba with me for march break 
Finished my drawing of Justin. Can't wait to head to the today show tomorrow! #WhatDoYouMeanAcoustic 
"City of SF honors Matt Cain's Perfect Game with June 13th, now known as Matt Cain Day. Quite an honor for his perfect game-well deserved" 
Thinking about Auburn is putting me in the best mood today. @user #missyoubabe 
"Up early, wee early morning walk in the sun, then to Ireland :)" 
May sell off my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 for the #SamsungGalaxyNote5 
Geekery: Just learned about the Tim Burton &amp; Danny Elfman 25th Anniversary Music Box Set. Now if only I could... 
A special Tuesday night movie with nephew today.  We went to see Ant-Man. It was much better than I had anticipated. A nice old school vibe. 
Carly Fiorina enjoys hearing what you have to say and then bushes up for hrs on history to make herself look good  
Such a love hate with relationship with Digi. Love the Monday, hate the Tuesday morning 
"The Vamps sang Rest Your Love, CWD, Cheater, STY, Last Night, I Found A Girl and Wake Up at The Sun gig tonight!" 
Had a wonderful workshop on Thursday at SAG office with Carol Nadell of Selective Casting. She is such a... 
Savoring the last bits of summer before the big S starts tomorrow. #nyckids @ Chelsea Side Water Park 
Amazon Prime Day broke sales records exceeding Black Friday 2014 sales, which had been the biggest Black Friday to date says Amazon. 
@user his studs were higher than Snoop Dogg on a Friday, and that wasn't the first one of those either.  I never said we played well 
1st match of the night is Randy Orton vs Sheamus. Sensible choice considering that Sheamus is the Money in the bank winner. 
"Ok. Tonight ""Sharknado 3"", the 25th ""Lavantula"", oh you are so lucky US friends!" 
Boruto: Naruto the Movie just wait brooo. im coming to you in november. Hall pasti dipenuhi dgn org dh besar hahaha 
Saturday 27/10/12 Regal in session with The Big Tunes Crew @ the Iguana Reading more niceness to keep ya skanking hard. 
Wonder how it feels like to be Paul McCartney. Like on throw back Thursday does he look back and marvel at the time he was a Beatle? 
"If you are travelling to Phuket before 31st August, we have a great deal to stay at The Kee Resort &amp; Spa, email us at honeymoon@cdqa.com" 
I have a spare ticket at Arsenal on Saturday if anyone fancies it?! #Arsenal #Stoke #AFC 
Can't wait to see what's going to happen between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar on tonight's @user #RAW before #SummerSlam this Sunday 
It's Friday. 3 day weekends upon us. Won Red Sox tickets for tonight. And I get out of work early to go #Winning #BestFridayEver #MommyNMe 
Just saw Won’t Back Down the 2nd time! Wow! Viola Davis and Maggie Gyllenhaal are PHENOMENAL! Even better the 2nd time! Amazing cast too!!! 
@user stage adaptation of The Ladykillers is coming to the grand canal theatre in February. 
Funny how when Holly Holm's manager talks about quick turnaround he gets mocked by Dana White. But McG it's OK? SMH 
Visit the Art Park on Monday and find fabulous things from my tag sale! See you! :D 
I still remember those days when Demi was tweeting lyrics from Unbroken and now she’s tweeting lyrics from her 4th album! Im so excited! <3 
Anyway, I'm gonna make something in Minecraft for #TCMParty's 4th anniversary.  Hold on, though; my stupid PS3 is updating.  Again. 
"Good peak at presidential candidates. Carly Fiorina has it right-1st day is for reaching out, introductions, etc. 
@user I've to be in St Mary's next Thurs for DMU at 9.30, what time will I need to leave the boro at?" 
"I swear when @user Carter IV to drop on the 29th.. MUSIC artists beware. ""you are now watching a master at work""" 
@user such a close call! Cheers pal, doing well, first month at IBM done, missing the Friday calls though haha. Hope you're well 
Yes, Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook at 19. But Charles Flint launched IBM at 61.  While Hollywood may love the... 
"Iron Maiden announce first ever double album, the Book of Souls that will arrive on September 4th! : )http://t.co/YpH0MuQsVv" 
"been with Shawn every day since last Friday.  booooa, i could get use to being with him everyday." 
@user hi I was wondering do u mean you'll try to release MCPE 0.12.1 to iOS tomorrow??? Ps your awesome 
"You'll have a beautiful day - in @user U2 ride tomorrow, 10:45! #mysteriousways 
@user Leaving for Bacolod on the 20th! Having a Sun Cellular Event in BCD. See you guys there!!! - OMIGOD! SEE YOU TOM KIEF. 
Caught Offside: Arsenal forward delighted with brace for England in 6-0 drubbing of San Marino #arsenal 
&lt;Curtis&gt; As you may have seen in previous posts Jen has done an amazing job on the chalkboard. That being said... 
"Blood moon returns early Wednesday, and this time it's bigger @user FYI" 
Happy Birthday to Haryana. March on the path to progress.... 
tomorrow im going to see " Magic Mike XXL " with my sis 
Congrats to Ryan Braun on setting the franchise mark for career home runs.  Congrats also to K-Rod for his 30th save of the season. 
YASSS! Vanessa may actually be leaving the Big Brother house. I could not be anymore happy how this is playing out! #BB17 
Awesome response guys! The correct answer is: Sam Gagner and Brendan Smith. All of you will be put into the draw this coming Thursday! #JT 
"""@RikkiRick: Drake may not be the best to y’all but to me he is!"" & meeee" 
"Tomorrow Bradley Wiggins will break the record for number days in the Maillot Jaune for a British rider, beating Chris Boardman. #TdF" 
@user May I have one with Liam please? My name is Bethan :) x Thank you!  X 
So glad that the Classical Brit Awards are on ITV 1 on Sunday have set the record button just in case I forget to watch. 
Me &amp; Nia was having the best convo about relationships today in 2nd block. Me &amp; my nigga be gettin deep 
"December=surviving the end of the semester, seeing humans I like, drafting a script &amp; getting over my fear of my David Bowie." 
@user might have been. I guess we will see tomorrow. How about Seth Rollins tho? Amazing match. Gets better and better! 
Yay !!!!RT @user Excited to interview the new cast of DWTS tonight for E News! They have no idea what their in for ;) 
"R.I.P Kraig, I will never forget growing up & Racing at #LittleTSpeedway together <3 May the Racing Angels lead you to Victory Lane" 
I want to stay up to see what happens at metlife tonight but I have to wake up so early for class tomorrow ugh 
@user I had an amazing time in June. Make sure you visit the Rolling Stone!!!! 
We salute you Lloyd Robertson. Good evening. #LtotheLtotheOYD #fb 
@user i just went to metlife! i may go to a philly show too wbu? 
Star Wars Day. May the 4th inch be Within You.  
I last charged this Nokia brick phone on friday... Todays monday, only now does it say battery low 
We love you Elton @user @user Thanku for loving Israel as we do 
"Did someone say Christmas in July?! Go Set a Watchman comes out TODAY! Oh, and I'm busy for the rest of today. No reason. #booknerd" 
5 Days off now! Bit of golf on the agenda and a few other bits. Looking forward to watching @user Ant-Man on Thursday too! 
I'm going to Chris Brown at Isleta Amphitheater in Albuquerque, NM - Sep 12 
@user he's competing against Brock Lesnar in Brooklyn New York tomorrow! 
@user is hoping to get him the special beer 12/12/12 from Stone Brewing comp and save it for JT for his 21st Birthday. :) 
My only wish on this Saturday is for the Demon Deacons to keep it up and stick to the Tarheels 
RT @user New website to go with one of my favorite days of the year in #Paris - Nuit Blanche! This Saturday! 
Happy 9th anniversary to the group that brought me to kpop! Continue slaying. #BI6BAN9 
@user ahh i want to see Prepix again tomorrow but i need to go to church haha 
"the struggle and grind came heavy and high, but God does it feel so DAMN GOOD to know that Bachelor's Degree is mine in December." 
Look forward to watching Alex Reid on Celebrity Juice at 10pm on ITV2 tonight. 
Janet jackson is back (and she brought some extra saggy pampers pants with her) 
Such a good weekend planned. On route to the Foo Fighters today and then a beautiful wedding tomorrow! 
The Black Friday remixes by Kendrick and Cole are the exact reason I can't wait for their joint album 
"Have you ever been told you look like Janet Jackson? Win the chance to watch Janet from a VIP Suite, October 29th... 
@user Happy Birthday to Prince George!May he be blessed with peace, love, happiness, and prosperity beyond his wildest dreams.BlessU" 
"Heyssss, u owe me a treat """"@__It_Is_I: Equalizer, a place in the stars, October 1st.""""" 
1st down Bearcats. Thank you Louisville 
So what I'm focusing on is motivating Tom Brady and my team  I want them to have a great game Thursday 
I'm so happy; I'm going to see PAPER TOWNS tomorrow! 
I love Kendrick's 2nd album as much as anyone but it doesn't compare to Good Kid Mad City 
"Volunteering 4 the Obama campaign this AM! But I keep waitin 4 #Olivia to come in yelling """"Super Tuesday is coming people!"""" @user 
Friday - Dracula time again at the Leicester Square Theatre at 7.00pm. Not doink anysing? Come and join Van Helsing! Yes! It is I! 
Met @user via Google+ Hangout on Wednesday! So cool to meet someone that you’ve actually cited in paper :) 
"The Magic Loogie" is one of the cleverest scenes from Seinfeld ever. For your Tuesday evening pleasure, 
The weeknd and Ed Sheeran mixed together is the 8th wonder of the world 
Guys, when Liam comes on tomorrow. Please spam him to follow @user it would make her smile. She deserves it. Please. I’m beggin you. 
Defo going five guys and to watch annabelle tomorrow even if I have no one to go with hahaha 
I'm worried I may sing out loud on the train!! Beyonce's album just gets me in the singing mood everytime! 
"Study David Bowie, James Bowen and 2Pac Watch the sun set with best friends from a rooftop" 
@user it may sound great. Plus Hillary will work awesome with congress and promote equality worldwide. 
"Thursday Night we are giving away a pair of tickets to the Jason Aldean concert on Aug 22nd, come in for your... 
Conor McGregor is good but could he survive a rough 18th in the GAA? 
"Hottest ticket in town for the week: Game 3 of the NCAA Finals on Fri, Oct 26 at 1pm at the SMART Araneta Coliseum." 
Sign of the times for once powerful Cosatu? @user Black shirts see red at Cosatu march 
@user I loved the Hawaii Rainbows. Out here in CA they used to show almost all their home games at around 11 PM on Sat Nights. 
@user Internet came back Tuesday night. Still some Power out in the area but schools are back up and running 
"Buy Go Set a Watchman tomorrow guys, it's a big deal" 
My brother's reaction to the end of Sharknado may be the single greatest thing i have ever witnessed. #epic 
Rewind Wednesday - Did you know that there were Nintendo and Super Nintendo games in Seinfeld's apartment? 
"If anyone fancies a good giggle, head to a Gay bar on a Bank Holiday Monday to listen to the Hartleys sing karaoke. My jaw hurts." 
Tom Brady gone get it tomorrow hopefully he ready 
TD Bank We welcome you into #LittleHavana but please do not raze the 1930s bldg on the corner of SW 12th & Calle Ocho. Keep the facade. 
But I really wanna go out this evening, or tomorrow, doesn't matter, I just wanna party! There's not better place to than Barca. 
Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning #NowPlaying "Fly Like A Bird" de Mariah Carey 
Such a brilliant day in buzzing Brighton! Pride parade, sun and beach! Just wish @user and @user could have enjoyed it avec moi! 
@user good on david Cameron he has grown a pair of balls and long may it continue this is a clear message to Isis whoever they are 
If @user wins the @user Title at #RoyalRumble, then he would have to defend it in his 1st ever Elimination Chamber match. 
"Walk into work, see ""John Cena"" graffitied on the ground.. Nice. #Tuesday" 
Toni Gonzaga is all smiles here in Legazpi!!  (snapshot from the video I took, swerte ni kuya, may pic w/ Toni G) 
Yesterday we shocked IRELAND at the last moment...by taking a game away from them... Today we should better... 
"[[Sighs sadly, beckoning @user into my arms.]] It may seem like that now but you have Tegan, that's something that went right." 
@user should we get Chris brown tickets Wednesday? I think the show is this Thursday 
@user if you have time tomorrow, the @user has some great exhibits. Nirvana, Hendrix, Star Wars costumes..." 
Dark Souls was a ton of fun tonight. I'm going to continue again on Wednesday. 
@user FINALLY GOT MY TICKET 4 #SweetSweetFantasyTour in Milan!!!! Can't believe I'll see u 4 the 1st time will u take some selfies? 
rmb something again xD called jonghyun when they 1st come out during showkase(?) then I was like jonghyun-ah~ and he bowed to me!!! 
Def goin to see that Kevin Hart in the movies sept 9. 
Should've bought the pink Minnie Mouse ears when we went to Disney World. They would've been perfect for tomorrow. 
Classic Tuesday with Rusty: Zelda - Twilight Princess: 
Black Friday by J. Cole and Kendrick is soooo good and the ending of J. coles version had me dead 
I'm enjoying 'U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday' on the Classic Rock channel at @user 
Happy Halloween!  It is 654 am here in Seoul on the 31st. I love and miss you all in the states. 
U guys enjoy la marina tonight I'll b at Nikki beach Miami ... 1st pitcher of sangria  
@user Best Thursday Night Football game of the season!  #TNF nah, Colts vs Texans was better. JJ Watt, that is all." 
Briana Roberts placed 9th in the State to qualify for Meet of Champions! Congratulations Briana! #CodeRed #PHSProud 
The Nigerian Army on Wednesday released 128 detainees after certifying that they had no link with the Boko Haram terrorists group in Borno. 
"There are so many Foo Fighters songs I'd love to see live, but I think February Stars is the one I'd like to see the most" 
My guest mix which aired on Friday as part of Curtis &amp; Craig Presents Trance Action 100 hope you all enjoy 
Michael Easton killed the 'stand alone' conversation on Friday eppi. Happy McSexy is back. <3 #GH #McBam @user @user 
First day was pretty Gucci!! Can't wait 4 tomorrow 
Go follow this guys @user he's going to interview Justin tomorrow ! 
My 9-5 job is ACTUALLY 9-5 now! I will celebrate with Dunkin' Donuts tomorrow.. You're welcome for the free advertising btw @user 
@user Ayup! Hope alls okay. We’re heading Chesters on Sat if you guys are free and fancy meeting for some lunch? No probs... 
@user she’s drivin through from Banff with her dad goin to sort stuff in her flat! Roll on Sunday though :) 
@user Niall, would you follow us if we ran down the hallways at school tomorrow blasting steal my girl?" 
Egypt’s Morsi gets red carpet welcome in Iran: TEHRAN, Aug 29: Egypt’s Mohamed Morsi is in Iran for the first visit... 
"- Pop bottles , make love , thug passion , RED BOTTOMS , Mon Claire , high fashion ." 
jeonghan looks like one of the characters in twilight wearing that hoodie tho 
Wish I was going to see justin perform tomorrow #BieberTODAY I wish I was american 
In respect of Kanye west tomorrow so I will only listen to his music all day 
"When it comes to body empowerment and feeling comfortable in your own skin, Amy Schumer is the role model we look up to. On Thursday" 
Heading back to Chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in Derby with the @user lads! DVD is looking ace! 
How am I barely finding out about these Kendrick and J. Cole remixes that dropped on BLACK FRIDAY? 
Inmarsat’s SwiftBroadband Soars to New Heights: Inmarsat (LSE:ISAT.L), the leading provider of global mobile sat... 
"Bring it on!! :) RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 will released on Tuesday, 16 August 2011" 
"#MyYouthIn5Words David Bowie, Queen, Doctor Who... (Classic DW with Tom Baker 4th Doctor)..." 
M/T arliehartman: b10w john played a song with the Foo Fighters on Thursday night. It was great! 
Who wants to go to a Pride Parade with me Saturday? 
"Paul Dunne on walking up the 18th hole at St. Andrews as a co-leader: ""That was about as much fun as anyone could have in golf, ever.""" 
Tomorrow is going to be the most interesting 'Sunday' at a major championship in recent memory. Wishing Paul Dunne best of luck #TheOpen 
A whole monday and I can't get rid of the Chris Brown songs doing replays in my mind. For the love of Breezy *sigh* cc @user 
July 31 2015 The man that carried Hulk Hogan to be a star. Piper was the best talker in the business 
@user Saturday I buy my ticket for the #TMHTOUR in Belgium! I’m so happy!!!! 
Will YayaDub dance this Saturday?  Think she can do the Michael Jackson dance. #aldubjourneytoforever 
Yes it's November 3rd and yes all the Halloween candy is on clearance #Targetrun 
@user @user @user I mean, apparently he was the guy who got the Mets hooked on the very cookies David Wright served Tues." 
What a world of difference a leather band makes on Apple Watch. h/t @user for pointing me in the direction of 3rd party lugs 
"With flashes of flesh and impressive resumes, Miss USA was crowned Sunday, after the pageant was shunned by major networks following" 
Sometime this afternoon @user will give you a chance to see @user at The KEE to Bala this coming Saturday! Know your trivia 
"Peyton Siva and his gf sat next to me and @user at church today. Glad he came after fellowship haha, just joking! #BBN" 
This may be best defense @user can put on the field. Of course it helps to have a 2x Gold Glove winner in David Wright at 3rd. #Mets 
@user @user @user @user congratulations on the 1st anniversary of MSBWY from me and all the FCO in Peru 
Messi and Ronaldo both go up a rating in FUT 16 with Messi a 94 and Ronaldo 93 Suarez is a 90 as 3rd best player in the game. 
Prince confirmed that he and Jay-Z will release an album September 7. #PaisleyPark  #Minneapolis 
@user is there a way to go back and watch some of the performances from the weekend? I want to relive Friday and Paul McCartney 
@user I know when I met him the 3rd time at DIGI when we stage kissed I started crying when he hugged me &amp; he just kept saying ily 
Happy 30th birthday, Matthew @user Inman! Seems appropriate that you share a birthday with Jim Henson... 
"Up crazy early on a Sunday for the start of Ironman Wales. Good luck to everyone taking part, you're all amazing" 
"Eh, em...attention! True Blood is on tonight, oh yeah! Sink ur teeth into it! LOL" 
"Haha I love this post from Lady Gaga. She may be a huge megastar, but shes just like the rest of us! #MTVStars 
@user @user  As Carly Fiorina is gaining in recent polls, she should have a spot in 2nd GOP debate.  
Want to learn about Amazon Web Services? How about IBM's cloud offerings? Join me at Atlanta Cloud Saturday on 9/26 
@user @user and I are going to Bluesfest on Sunday! Wanna join?! Wolfgang Garnter is awesome! &lt;3 
'Born This Way' by Lady Gaga became the 8th best selling digital album in US after only its first week of release. 
Holy crap, I just found my 8th grade binder...no, wait. It’s Meryl Streep. She’s so versatile. 
"Cabaret at Warners tonight, then a matinee show at Eastbourne tomorrow. Wednesday, off to the Kings Theatre, Southsea. Have a happy week..." 
Omg roosies on a Thursday is the best ever. Drunk Chelsea=happy Chelsea 
Lots of students interested in UK study at the DEC fair in Kyiv today 
"Positive thinking ... after the win today Newcastle Utd are only 3 points off 5th position and 5 points off 3rd spot, bring on a surge #Toon" 
"sun is rising and we're not tired, we'll be dancing on for days with mad man. @user well done, got goosebumps, new fave song <3" 
"Happy Thursday, you're all welcome  24 Reminders That Norman Reedus Has Always Been Ridiculously Sexy 
Audio: digitallioness: Justin Nozuka Band- Mr Therapy Man/ Sun is Shining (Bob Marley cover) This is the... 
"U10s travel to iniskeen tomorrow in school final, futures bright for the sons of St Patrick ....good luck lads." 
The 2nd day of the 3 day weekend and I'm up playing #UntilDawn on PS4. Even @user know today will be a good day! #LaborDayWeekend 
On Modern Family, when Sofia yelled ’’C’MON ESTELLA’’ and ran into the pool, omg I laughed like never before. 
@user Im so excited for when you come to Northern Lights on the 27th it will probably make my life. 
This was my Monday Nights as a child and I just heard the news #RIP Frank Gifford 
Nov 16th in natchitoches, la. Ya boy putting da belt on da line. It’s going down. I want my people to be there... Get at me!!! #whoopwhoop!! 
It’s Monday morning and I woke listening to Niggas In Paris. Oh man it’s going to be a good day. 
justin will be on ellen on the 15th of sept. he's not going to be on the premiere week, (according to ellens site) 
RT @user @user sold out tonight!! Charlie Sheen's Cake Party!! Marco Hanna Live with Dudu Sax !!! 
Here is the amazing thing about Easter; the Resurrection Sunday for Christians i  - Read full quote @ #quote 
If someone wants to take me to the Sam smith concert in October I wouldn't even be mad 
well that was a great success at Bluesfest tonight! Looking forward to Saturday night! #tdbluesfest 
@user Just listened to Black Friday, Kendrick just dumped a truckload of bars onto that beat, boy went HARD!" 
"For once in her life, Briana did not answer her phone on the 1st ring. So I successfully sang her ringback tone all the way thru lmao" 
chelsea just uploaded the CUTEST video of us from sunday omfg 
Man I want a Lexus by December 
@user yeah the only game I may get next gen for is Batman arkham knight and mlb the show 
It's Friday. Enjoy this video of Ed Sheeran covering Trap Queen with The Roots. 
Are you a virtual assistant? On Google+? Member of the Virtual Assistants Community on G+? C'mon .. join us! 
@user Thank you for the follow. Interesting book you have in Amazon, think I may check it out ;) 
Is it 'OTT' to take a day of annual leave to immerse myself within the first Janet Jackson record in seven years on October 2nd? 
Oingo Boingo (well, most of the band) tomorrow & Leonard Cohen on Monday. #DudeImStoked 
How I'm looking at life rn: Big Brother is on tonight and Sunday  Bachelor in Paradise is on Saturday and Sunday.   #AllILiveFor 
@user hahaha!! I do look good with a Greek child! I’m home tomorrow morning so I’ll try Skyping you xx 
@user @user @user love that camera close up of Thor. Can't wait for the first pitch tomorrow night 
Whoo! Clippers won the season opener! The Lakers are now 0-2. The Battle of L.A. starts Friday. Let's go! :) #ClipperNation 
I hope I get my iPad tomorrow so I can stream the Apple Keynote Address in school 
My last market for the year! Looking forward to the Richmond Good Food Twilight Market this Wednesday night... 
@user Ima ask for the day off! Im not gonna miss watching Breaking Dawn for our 10th month anniversary!(: 
"Sunday, July 19th is National Ice Cream Day. Come celebrate with us! Get up to TWO free toppings with any... 
"EVERYONE Pls Come Check out Necie's Carnival Tomorrow!!! We sell all the food you buy at a carnival FUNNEL CAKES, HOT DOGS, NACHOS & MORE!!" 
Don't miss the @user doccie, Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck. See @user tomorrow (July 17) for more or go to 
@user 's party was so friggin fun and amazing, thank you for hosting, it was soooo much fun again, now the Pride Parade tomorrow!! &lt;3 
It's DUNKIN Donut Friday at LCA. Enjoy a fresh treat and cod milk in the cafeteria! 
Visual effects work done with "Image Engine" for the 5th season of Game of Thrones 
Going to see Messi the magician play in November! #Campnou 
Nothing like spending your Friday night on the side of the road. #overheating @ Dunkin' Donuts 
Movie night with the kids at church! Watching The Lorax! Couldnt thing of a better way to spend my Friday night! 
We are sponsoring the Newport Comedy Series this Friday night with Bob Marley performing at the Hyatt on Goat... 
It would have been cool if Ice Cube was staring out of the window at his neighbor when they showed him writing Friday. #HeyMissParker 
I'm really going to break bank and purchase this Batman issue tomorrow. Getting an insane amount of early buzz. 
"Still can't believe there was a scene in Straight Outta Compton about Ice Cube writing Friday and saying, ""This script is funny!""" 
Thousands of fans turned out in Mexico City's Azteca Stadium on Thursday to celebrate Salvador Cabanas' return to the pitch. 
May I ask what’s so cool about A$ap Rocky? 
"*curls up next to Papa on the front porch* """"Going through baseball withdrawal?"""" I ask him. """"Hardly, Circe.... playoffs start tomorrow.""""" 
Thank you everybody who joined us for our trip to Jurassic Park and Amity tonight! We'll see you next Saturday... 
"Good night ^^  Swimming classes tomorrow and still my body... Yeah goodbye t'all of you. Good bye Kpop, bias, friends (if I have some)  Bye" 
"Carly Fiorina is in 3rd place in Iowa, but she still likely won't be in the top 10 debate in two weeks. Here's why. 
Jurassic World now is the 3rd most grossed film! Nice! 
COOL!!! There’s a Criminal Minds season 3 marathon on, and tomorrow it’s a Castle season 3 one. 
@user Justin, may God's hope and peace be with U. Pray and ask God for His guidance and help u with Selena. God bless! 
Well Obama is going to be at macomb tomorrow 
Four days to the Nightwish gig, then Evanescence on Tuesday next week. Life is goooooood. 
Today is the day LOL 2nd annual fish fry @ Big Bangs 
@user This is the Roma I wanna see vs Barca in Rome on the 16th. The match will be epic. 
"Maryam Institute invites you to a special workshop on ""LOVE TO STAY: Marriage in Islam"" THIS Saturday inshaAllah... 
I apologize for my tweets I'm going to digi &amp; meeting all the baes tomorrow so I'm sorry in advance 
@user Shit. Foo Fighters are amazing live too. I saw them in May. Least you got your car fixed tho. 
@user  great game &amp; way to make a statement on the 1st pitch.  Very Bob Gibson of u. Beware of Thor the hammer will come! #LGM 
"The Red Sox may be in last place in their division, but at least they are still the best of the last place teams." 
On Friday, Courtney Love posted a nostalgic image of her with Kurt Cobain and their daughter, Frances Bean... 
@user Shabbat Shalom all the Joshua of Israel. May God Bless U &amp; keep U &amp; favour U.Hv a blessed holiday seasons&amp;a victorious2016! 
Dang! Watch Paper Towns for the 3rd time 
@user this is us tho can't wait to play the justin bieber holiday album and mariah carey on repeat in dec 
anyone wanna buy a Zac Brown Band ticket for the 3rd??? dm me if interested 
"I like that there's no messing around in Sharknado, just action. You don't even have to wait 10 mins for the 1st sharky sequence! #OhHellNo" 
All I can think about is Jason Aldean Thursday night 
Mildly hysterical about seeing the Foo Fighters on Saturday - The Pretender via @user 
Yesterday's Minecraft video is on the 2nd page when searching for Minecraft mods. This is good going for me :P 
"taylor kitsch is all i need.. yeah, see you tomorrow big guy. can't wait for bieksa's charity game" 
@user May be the best pic of Naruto 
I hope everyone had a great Christmas! Jason Tyler will be at the Deland's Airport Restaurant and Gin Mill December 29th! 
@user hahaha for real he’s at fox theatre on dec 7 
The Google+ for Business Workshop 18 August is SOLD OUT! Don`t worry you can book into the 10 September Workshop Now! 
MetroPCS launches the Galaxy S III on October 22, price is $499: Good news for MetroPCS cust... more after redirect 
Sat for 3 hours in a restaurant to watch Rousey for 34 sec. &amp; I would do it again!!! #Rousey #BestFight @user @user 
im really about to see Travis Garland and Janet Jackson in the same week in October .. sometimes my life is blissful . 
"If you are planning on attending Phoenix Comicon later in May, you'll want to get your discounted ticket today... 
Started the day listening to @user new iPhone reveal later and the #NFL is back tomorrow. Happy hump day! 
@user Italy miss you :) x come back as soon as March to Milan! We are waiting only you and @user 
i remember listening 2 the baby one more time album 4 the 1st couples of times &amp; thinking - she kinda sounds like mariah carey. she can sing 
"For the first time since April 14th, tonight for the New York Mets- batting cleanup, playing third base, the captain, number 5: David Wright" 
@user it will be good for hoop so get ready dec .25 u kno we will c LAKERS vs Heat 
Hanging out with the sis tonight :) watching ridiculous amounts of Jersey shore. #best 
"2,552,211 people could have seen 'Brian Cushing' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl" 
"Happy 2nd Birthday, Prince George!! My family hoped that you will have a great day, and many dreams comes true. &lt;3  
"Carnival Tomorrow in the Horseshoe/Amphitheatre! Everyone go it'll be fun! Student Singing, Food, Jumpee and Games!" 
Anybody in Farmington hills looking to make some money I have a really nice family in need of a nanny mon-fri 3-5 pm. Hmu if interested! 
@user  I can’t wait for tomorrow. Argentina wants see the video. Sure it will perfect ! (: 4 
Great season 8th grade lady Vikings! Tough loss to Pioneer tonight. Viking pride! 
was it liam payne or david beckham on the video we may never know #DragMeDownMusicVideoisOut 
My whole family is gonna jam out to calibraska tomorrow in the car  #CalibraskaEP 
Gonna be at Disneyland tomorrow. Hella excited. It's been too long. Come hang out with me and Getter and a bunch of other DJs! 
ABC's #TGIT may simply be the best night of the week from great casting to stories to performances to the music tying it all together 
Holy shit I've been playing Minecraft since Alpha 1.2 (Nov 2010). That is actually crazy. I *do not* want to know how many hours I've logged 
@user i hope you wish me happy bday tomorrow Niall or i'll be so sad 
Looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my Red Carpet workshop at @user in Liverpool as guest lecturer 
Mojo just did a mini-mix of classic Michael Jackson that just made my Thursday better. 
We are live! UFC on Fuel Tv! 1st fight of the day :) 
You'll never truly know how many Lil Kim lyrics you know until you hit a up a gay bar on a Saturday night. 
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID lovekerryk6: AtomicKOfficial tomorrow is Kerry's birthday, do you wanna make a surprise for her?? Lol 
Clippers vs Lakers Tomorrow! You all are about to be 0-11! 
I remember when haterade by Nicki pharrell and Gucci was my ringtone in the 4th grade 
Nicki needs to take a pic with Fifth Harmony tomorrow. 
I'm sitting on this bench alone on campus in the sun and listening to bob Marley this is wonderful 
@user @user @user I hope that they attract the right audience and some that may not have seen DBZ or Naruto before. 
"REMINDER: NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY - This Thursday, July 23 from 5-7pm on the Village Green. Grilled dogs with all the... 
@user is in the running to get a 2012 @user Top-Rated Award and needs 10 new positive reviews by November 15th to win!... 
Good morning Internet! Happy Friday! Heres a good song for ya. Make sure you love yourself...advice from Kendrick. 
"RT @user An iPad on one side of the bed streaming Family Guy and my MacBook on the other side streaming porn. Ah, what a nice S ..." 
green day for nursing tomorrow! finally get to use my lasallian shirts again lmao 
#np BAGSAKAN by parokya ni Edgar, Gloc 9 and Francis M. <3 I may sound baduy but it’s the only tagalog song nga NINDOOOOOT JOD KAAYO DMD <3 
Both Hernanes and Alex Sandro are expected to start and make their Juventus debuts on Saturday. (via GdS) 
The today's photoshoot it will be available on my Google+ profile tomorrow #MPN #ESCREVEAI 
@user @user Beep beep...! Yep, Murray and Federer into the top 16. Phew! :) See you tomorrow!" 
@user Hello, Eleanor. Will you please follow my account @user for my birthday on the 14th? please, you won’t regret it. 
Wednesday at Roskilde Festival was the best experience in my life. I'm still very much blown away. Everybody at... 
@user You should see Jurassic World. It was really great in my opinion. I saw it twice and may see it a third time. 
@user I'm going to Disney world on October 3rd! If you wanna come on down, come on down!" 
Tomorrow 51beautiful women from all over the USA come together to compete for one crown and one title of Miss USA... 
@user lmao no nigga on NFL fantasy i got pretty good team ill show you tomorrow 
Monday morning gym tunes for the beautiul soul. Zac Brown Band - All Alright (Official Video): 
@user Thanks Kerry! Break a leg tomorrow in the new digs :D 
Morning all, happy Wednesday. What tunes shall we get on in the office? I'm feeling some Fleetwood Mac, maybe some Bowie, or even Bananarama 
"Someday I’ll have a party and that party’ll be named """"Angelo’s 18th"""" yes after 2 more years. I just turned Sixteen and I’m a college student" 
WOW! @user Bad Blood is #1 at Pop Radio for the 5th week. 
The Hunger Games gets better every time you watch it...  (this is my 5th time) xD 
My weekend plans: Play Fallout 3, see Magic Mike XXL with my sister &amp; D&amp;D on Sunday. What are everyone else's plans? 
Tonight Dr. Terrie Hale Scheckelhoff will be formally installed as the 11th Head of School. Welcome to the Saints family @user 
"Americans celebrate Pi Day on March 14th (3.14), we celebrate ALMOST Pi Day, today! happy almost Pi day! (22/7)" 
Mark Martin: Hello you! Good weekend so far?   ’The Hot 20’ is on but can One Direction hold onto ’Saturday... 
@user @user @user John cena will be the champ for the 16th time 
@user ow god haha, going home at break tomorrow btw cuz my anutys down from York so going for a meal xx" 
Chase Fourcade with the 8 yard TD run to give @user a 7-0 lead over Curtis with 5 seconds left in 1st quarter. 
"Just won a pair of @user  &amp; @user tickets for Ventura tomorrow , anyone want the extra tix?" 
I met Camila back in April. My DNA on her hands. I love hanging out with Niall 
@user Given your love of Kanye and my love of Seinfeld, I think you may dig this. 
Jurassic World will be shown in the CAC Theater tomorrow at 7pm! Students get in free - only $5 for anyone else! 
Going to see Foo Fighters in Edinburgh tomorrow night but for now it's Madonna on Spotify shuffle. 
"The Wildcats host Hart County at home, and it's Senior Night tonight.  Those Friday Night Lights will be bright.  #WeAreEC" 
@user I hear you re: SNL. My fav alums are Eddie Murphy, Jan Hooks, Chris Farley and Norm MacDonald. All relatively old school." 
i Like to Give out The Most Critical DreamTeam info This Early in the Morning ..  thats when im slept on the most! lol, Next Show! NOV 15!! 
"So Laisha, how do you spend your Saturday nights?    Oh you know, I watch twilight...by myself.... And eat" 
Cant wait to go meet the cast of Being Human on Tuesday. Be jealous, bitches. 
@user We both did.But it was so good.Ithink the best part was when we were hiding from @user &Tyler since we sat together. 
"Zac Brown Band, Mexico &amp; You: Want to hit the beach for four sun-drenched days in Mexico featuring the Zac Bro... 
Oh yay! My mom just told me that my Grammy is coming tomorrow!!!! Woot woot! #loveher 
"In 4 @user on @user 80's Saturday Night. There will be David Bowie, Motley Crue &amp; Christopher Cross so it's obviously awesome." 
And Josh Hamilton. Really this whole team right now. Incredible. Get punched in the mouth in the 8th and then do this. Awesome. 
Goal tomorrow at the state fair is to win a bob Marley hat with the braids 
@user oh btw , want to go up town tomorrow to get some snazzy photos of st Patrick's ?" 
Brock Lesnar OBLITERATED Bo Dallas on Monday. I just rewatched it 3x and it keeps getting funnier. 
@user wow! Thank you TANDUAY may replay ang #TanduayRockfest sa ABS-CBN. you’re the best @user ROCK ON PILIPINAS! 
@user Probs my 3rd fav old band, U2, VU and JA. The Smiths 4th. Nirvana in there too if you can count them" 
"Meet and Greet tonight at Hartigan's Irish Pub and Restaurant. Welcome to Charlotte, Barbarians and Blockade! Ready for tomorrow?!" 
@user @user @user  see you Sat at Metlife, would luv to meet ya it'd be a dream come true #letmeseeyagirl 
Look out for the 2012 Rolling Stone special release 1 September 2015! 96 points James Halliday. #aussiewine 
happy 2nd birthday Firework, @user you saved me in every single way someone can be saved. 
PSA it's my girl @user 21st bday and were at Rum Runners celebrating come thru and show this fine DG some love 
@user black Friday by Kendrick is love. Thank you 
John Kasich may be the most genuine of all of the candidates #VotersFirst 
Stoops says he appreciates UK allowing football program to host a Thursday night game next season against Auburn. 
@user I'm going to start yoga with @user tomorrow! 
Janet Jackson's smooth new song will make you feel 'Unbreakable' via @user 
Just saw Jurassic World again for the 5th time, I LOVE this movie and I can't wait to buy it 
Great times and great show last Friday night with Ben Sollee! Thanks to Ben and Headliners and everyone that was... 
Thats what I did with mine. I scoured Amazon for months and found a deal just like that and snatched it up so fast. 
"The weather-LA is ""beyond Nirvana"" 365.25 days per year!! Lol enjoy it. Oct is coming!!! Lol  
A very happy 30th birthday to CBBC for tomorrow!  One of my first jobs in the BBC was a VT Op into Pres A &amp; then TC9! 
I listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday bout 50 times a day... He literally went in the WHOLE time 
Big night. Going to watch the Cards thrash the Pirates for a bit and then the 2011 @user debut on MNF. #CANTWAIT 
Royal birthday @ work. Happy 2nd Prince George from all of us across the pond. @ Constitution Park Pool 
400 Follower HYPE! Even tho my recent followers are Kurt Cobain accounts. Must appreciated. I am a big fan, may he always live in our hearts 
Excited for Sarah G. Live, and today is the 5th day of Sarah G. Day :) 
Who's interested in joining Younique but for whatever reason has decided they can't? I may have a solution for you! :) 
"Foo Fighters have a day off tomorrow so I'm hoping I can finally meet my real dad, Dave Grohl." 
Michelle Obama, Barack Obama: Honor Colored Girls on February 28th (the last day of black history mon... via @user 
Off to see Jurassic World tomorrow at the cinema, any good?? @user @user 
I want to thank God and Ice Cube for Friday. 
"Thanks everyone for coming out for my extra long Dark Souls stream, I may have to come back to it later in the event. That was a lot of fun!" 
@user I really liked it actually :) may not be happy that Miley's back but it's understandable why Mitchie would take her back 
"Happy Friday everyone. I'll be LIVE from @user from 5-7 tonight. Then, I'll head over to Liberty v Milan." 
"I first tweeted this in April or May, but John Kasich can win the GOP Primary." 
Aubtourage: UPDATE, I will be storytelling for Risk on Sept 25 and the Wrecking Ball video will be released on Vevo Sept 26th! Love you! 
Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George II! Wish him a beautiful day on this special day! What a #Cutie #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge 
@user comin to the WWE show Nov 5th.could you sign my new Seth Rollins tshirt, if not I'll get @user on you! #thefuture" 
...and rolling right from our Labor Day sale we'll be announcing something new tomorrow. So if you haven't... 
"Happy 2nd Birthday, Prince George! See how much he's grown with 28 of his cutest photos: 
You may think of Oracle consultation as a "One Time Pad for Destiny," if you are crypto logically inclined. 
@user on the 6th books: "Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince" #PeriplusQuiz16 
One thing though: when they show Ice Cube wiring the script for FRIDAY... that was inspiring as hell. A lot more tomorrow. 
And as it stands the amateur Paul Dunne will be going out last tomorrow with Jason Day! What a moment for him! #OpenChampionship 
@user that's awesome! Wanna go to the Albion v arsenal game at the emirates on the 8th of dec?? Would be cool to hang out.. 
@user Bitter /Sweet - Serena may almost not have wanted to win. BUT - their  father Richard always taught them, to do the best they can. 
Isn't it remarkable how well Paul Dunne is handling this lead #TheOpen2015 some leaderboard for tomorrow 
Tonight was an experience! Bulls win and butler hit the game winning shot! Sat in section 103 row 1 
Heading to the Social Media Day event at Motor City Casino's Soundboard tomorrow. Pretty exciting! #DET 
RT @user #jeopardy Where everyone will be watching the Ravens vs Eagles game THIS Thursday... What is @user ?  #goodAnswer 
"Wow, I feel so good for Paul Dunne! Hope he can keep it going tomorrow" 
Who wants to go to a haunted house with me on Friday only 12$ with college ID!!! 
Google is uncoupling its tight integration between Google+ and YouTube, and other changes may be on the way. 
It's as if Larry Nance wields Thor's hammer everytime he throws it down like that. Valhalla almighty. 
"Joseph Kony, despite the catapulting Hollywood's depiction, I'm praying for you. That you may find Jesus so we can worship together" 
@user @user Awesome! I've tried 9 new beers this weekend, &amp; I'm going to Stone Brewing tomorrow! :)" 
All #BreakingPointe fans - join us here this Tuesday 6 PM PST where you can ask Ballet West's Allison DeBonna questions about the show! 
Being at Rupp doing this walk through has me real hyped for tomorrow. Get ready for the best #BBM yet 
Super excited to see Waiting for the Barbarians on Thursday at the @user 
ATTN: Beginning Oct 1st, Munzee 3.0 will be the only app available for iOS and Android. Also, 3.0.1 is in review and includes bug fixes. 
just really pumped to get Dunkin tomorrow tbh 
Janet Jackson Pays Tribute To Aaliyah On the 14th Anniversary Of Her Death [Photo] 
We hope everyone had a wonderful Eid! The league resumes Saturday July 25th at the regular times &amp; locations. Academy resumes July 28th. 
"Tom Brady is the quarterback of all time, no conversation whatsoever. Go debate your blind 5th cousin." 
can’t believe @user is only 2 days older than me! can’t wait to see him again tomorrow with @user at Fort Canning, Singapore!! 
@user @user Was cult viewing from my 6th form days with Vic’s big night out. Channel 4 had all comedy/sport bases covered! 
:O INBETWEENERS MOVIE A WEEK TODAY!! Aaaahhhh! Might wear my wellies to the cinema cause I'll be 'knee deep in clunge' ;) 
"I think after tonight, we must add a 4th, dark horse candidate to the trio of Jeb B., Rubio and Walker - John Kasich." 
@user @user @user @user oh Wednesday do tho.... They won the rumbelows cup in 91... They're up there with barca! 
"Can't wait to see Mr Partridge back on the TV again tonight, even if it is alongside the god awful Chris Evans on the god awful TFI Friday." 
"I would say, Ant-Man is probably my favorite movie of the year so far with MI: Rogue Nation at a very close 2nd" 
@user Still 2 weeks until the 1st episode so that is good at least. I hope it won't be like Love Rain or Fashion King, film until end lol" 
"#FCFILMMEDIA Moto G (3rd Generation) : A Perfect Smartphone: Moto G, the most liking brand name by youth, comi... 
Bj Penn, Shogun, Nick Diaz and Swick fighting on the same card...should be PPV but its on Fox?? Dec. 8th cant wait . 
Don’t forget, Wednesday night is the weekly Amateur contest at Showgirls in Plant City. Come see me emcee! $300 cash prizes. 
One more day of work before rugby filled weekend. Hurry up Saturday! #esherrugby #refereeing #excited 
"Made it to Interlaken, Switzerland. Going Canyoning tomorrow!" 
This time tomorrow I will be en route to San Fran with my beautiful ladyfriend @user Life is pretty excellent. 
Glad to see John CENA is healthy. That was a nasty bump he took Friday night 
Lord @user and I killed the floor Friday when Bad Blood came on! 
@user moderate NAT and freezing issue. I'm used to the sweats!! I may buy a PS4 before release based on playability 
"If Kanye, Frank Ocean, and Drake all drop albums on the same day, the Internet may never recover." 
Watch video tribute to Dan Wheldon from the ESPY Awards on July 11 Makes Me Sad Yet Happy To See Dan So Happy...Then 
About to hit the bed and get some good rest tomorrow I shall continue my monster hunter 3 
Metal-Saturday with new Amorphis followed by new Iron Maiden. Hell yeah! 
"When you have to do ur apush questions a day early because ur going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow&gt;&gt;,,,#&amp;$%-3&amp;#4#5" 
@user were on just before yee at Castlepalooza next Sat. Deezer stage though. Buzztown! There's a good crew about that day 
Too much sun today!.. At least I got one picture with ma girl @user @ Pomona Fairplex 
"I may congratulate you will not hear from town, but feeding and while Justin Bieber, let them pleasing." 
This is awesome!! Good for the Foo Fighters! 
Thanks! @user Join Dean @user on Tues 10/16 from 4-5:30 in  BDR for the Dean’s Q-Tea in honor of Nat’l Coming Out Day #bsulife 
"If you participated in our Adult Summer Reading Club, we've got a great program on Saturday! Laughter Workshop: 
We get Garner 1st round. Got to beat the beat to be the best!! @user #ADN 
"Register today to attend a FREE! Super Saturday, October 27 in Syracuse, New York with President, Nigel Branson! - 
Quevega is even money to win the World Hurdle with @user Well Happy Thursday to me #sheisthefemalebigbuck's 
Epic!  Judas Priest - Hell Patrol [British Steel 30th Anniversary HD] my top fav song from Painkiller \m/ love it 
Can I just go back to June 19th and relive seeing Paul McCartney 
What colour is the second g in Google? (no googling!) Bianca's back - #SE16's most refreshing #quiz! Thurs 7:30pm 
@user yess please it's been way too long, I move in 18th I'm going to tricounty and gonna transfer to Clemson please come visit!!" 
Nothing like it November...  @user @user and U2... Christmas is definitely early! 
Utterly fascinating. Never before seen photos of 1953 coup in Iran by an employee of US embassy at the time. 
Happy Birthday to the late, great Jim Henson. Changed the world of entertainment. May have to stick a Muppet film on in tribute later 
Carly Fiorina may not make it to be President but she would be an excellent Secretary of State!... 
Dancing On Ice tour highlights on sun going to be good :) 
Awesome Thursday meeting!!!  Mike D. rocked the house! (@ Double Tree by Hilton) 
So proud my alma mater is hosting the 1st Debate this Wednesday! Debate 2012 | University of Denver 
Wednesday I will make sure to be fully awake for Dark Souls and will likely got for a couple of hours instead of my normal 2 
I was thrilled to attend the first show of Janet Jackson's new #Unbreakable tour on Monday. Amazing performance! 
Someone needs to make a Video Compilation of all the SAT vocabulary Cosmo Kramer spontaneously uses on Seinfeld 
@user wow look at this another amazing Monday """"Jennette On Ellen"""" in 8 place we do this for you we love you 
@user Hi matey appreciate you passing on my biz cards around work ! We have enough food until Friday in the Turner house  ! 
@user starting to think it may be Acta now, but having a guy like Hentgen would be great 
"David Wright maybe returning in Philly, you say? Makes me even more excited for my trip there next Tuesday..." 
@user please help me get tix to see shawn at hard rock tomorrow it would mean so much. please! 
My best friends starts touring with Madonna tomorrow &gt; 
Today I purchase my new smart phone MOTO G 3rd Generation... it is very nice looking and water proof .. 
so everyone was so happy bc michael jackson came and he sat down and started singing so we all gathered around and listened 
Wasn't gonna watch Sharknado tonight but I may have to catch a peak to see @user @user and the @user crew 
@user Hello Ully. ;) See you on Saturday at SM Sta. Rosa. :D Can’t wait. :"""">" 
@user - congratulations on the 20th Birth Anniversary of @user 95.  20 years since we've come to love you (&amp; backward compatibility) 
Spending tomorrow refreshing twitter because I want to go to the goddamn David Bowie musical. #sorryboss 
SHAWN.. Go to sleep please? Saving your beautiful angelic voice for us tomorrow. Love you! 
@user I'll start it tomorrow,  i've been needing new anime to watch anyway :) And yes mikasa, she's bae too &lt;3" 
Conor McGregor may have a big mouth, but he consistently backs up what he says when he fights, gotta respect that 
@user I mean it was announced UTD beat out Rookie Blue and UTD and Big Brother were the only shows that did well last Thursday! 
"Even tho I finished the manga, anytime I watch Naruto that shit gets me emotional. I've been read/watching since 4th grade fam" 
WFS Saturday is about to start! If you have a 360, Minecraft is up, &amp; we're open to viewers joining us!  
Adventure time with Aaliyah tomorrow yipeee cant wait :’) andami naming pupuntahan bwahaha 
So excited for recruitment to start at Auburn today! These Gamma Omega Thetas are going to be great! #wareagle [Christa and Katharine] 
"May justice be served. And for Merseyside derby, may the best team win fair & square" 
Iron Maiden star sells his Essex home (pub included!) - Yes Please (well it is Friday!) 
This Saturday night @user Binghamton NY at the Legion is going to be pure insanity #Bingofansrock 
"I may snuggle up with a stuffed animal at night, but it widely excepted that I'm funnier that Bill Maher. Secret genius!" 
YO! Watching tfi Friday brings back good memories shout out to Chris Evans it's a party I wanna be at #OldSkool 
"Minecraft's creator will always be a hero to me, he gave my autistic son a voice" 
"I've provisionally decided to see The Ladykillers, Singin' in the Rain, Godfather + When Harry Met Sally for the Sun of IFI open weekend." 
@user YOU are the best! Always...Happy birthday to Mingus tomorrow....love you Norman Reedus 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has expressed his delight with the players from the domestic sce... #badotweet" 
@user @user lol sister :-) Sister Act correctly, Big Brother is watching. May you be blessed with true goodness &amp; beauty always." 
Idc, I’m supporting my boyfriend tomorrow. He’s the only boy I look for on the field #55 #Beast #Damnright 
@user So disappointing. On a lighter note, get excited for BAJ tomorrow. I’m editing now and it relates to Jordan Jefferson 
@user Much of last season, too, esp 2nd half. Tho I loved Jack White, and Mick Jagger with Arcade Fire / Foo Fighters was amazing. 
@user its Ravens 1st!....then Jets...then Eagles....get it right ;) lol 
@user I know thats what Im saying lol Tucker straight outkicked Cundiff in camp, I’m glad he’s gone. Didnt he miss one in the 4th qtr? 
"See tonight, @user gets to enjoy the hell outta some Splatfest on WiiU, TOMORROW I get to yell at bullshit deaths in Dark Souls 2 on PS4!" 
Best of luck @user on 4th rd @user vs Murray! Wish I was there to cheer you on. Go Illini! 
En route back to Turin after a perfect day out in Milan. Looking forward to a chilled day tomorrow and the #U2 gig tomorrow night. #U2ieTour 
@user I got myself Alli Simpson shoes you'll see them on Wed-Nes-Day ((but srsly I did oMG)) 
Fly to the Sky to go back After a Year on September 14 | Oh! Kpop stars celebrity news and gossip! 
National Ice Cream Day is Sunday! Celebrate with organic ice cream from Three Twins! ONLY $3.59/pint! #sanfrancisco 
Traveling just got a bit more pleasant for Amazon Prime subscribers. On Tuesday, the online retail giant announced&amp;nbsp;that it's now 
@user Chanel is favourite brand - Gucci comes in 2nd place! I have a big addiction when it comes to buying perfumes. I need to stop 
@user thank you! No heat, electric, no Internet since Monday afternoon." 
Hairdresser with 4yo tomorrow.  He wants it "like Spiderman" (not Peter P) / no fringe (for better face painting) / "with Batman ears". 
Tomorrow is #PitBull Awareness Day! Help us change the perception so many people have about this wonderful breed. 
"MLB: Kris Bryant hits walk-off HR with one out in 9th inning, giving Cubs 2-1 victory over Indians (ESPN) 
Remember when Michael Jackson beat everyone at school on command and conquer tiberian sun? A great day 
Ok so I am super excited about my Naruto cards coming tomorrow! 
"listen to david bowie! hes my savior. like honestly he will change ur life 4ever. I listened 2 him 1st in 2nd grade, &amp; ive nvr been the same" 
Sat next to a woman on the plane today who flipped through photos of her cat on her iPad the whole time. #spiritanimal 
My Friday night consists of me watching The Big Bang Theory Season 7 with Cam :) 
Eid special for me ....( 5days ) From 18-6-2015 Eid day rain day &amp; without my wife and child. 2nd day just sleep... 
"Today I found nirvana, and all it took was kayaking with my best friend behind me, my favorite jam, a fucking bagel, &amp; the sun beaming on me" 
Summer Reading Club ENDS August 18! Get your reading wrapped up and come get your FastPasses by that date. August 18 is the LAST DAY! 
Thoughts turning to sat &amp; whilst there's obvious concerns if we get at them early as we did at arsenal with a high tempo we can win #LFC 
"Odin, far-wanderer, grant me wisdom, courage, and victory. Friend Thor, grant me strength, and may both be with me." 
"Swift Day is alway's the best day, i usually gain alot of followers on the 13th" 
@user just hoping, tomorrow in Indonesia  , GAY people will be accepted #amen" 
Frank Gifford who also was a great broadcaster on Monday Night Football was the perfect role for our kids regardless of where they were born 
@user Hyung Jun oppa i love you 
Glad you all enjoyed your visit! And a big 'Neverland' HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Curtis!  
That's it for tonight folks on F1 tech. Im out tomorrow at DMG Mori technical center for a day. Rebull and Mclaren are there. Exited. 
RT @user Good morning Nigeria ! 1 more day to go ! Get ready :) 
Free day tomorrow in Interlaken and we're going to explore Bern~ 
Calibraska is 9th in Italy omg @user @user we love you so much babes 
I moved in on Friday and I've already watched all of Game of Thrones on the tv 
Join us in shops at 9am tomorrow to hear Tom Segal, #Pricewise of the Racing Post preview every race at Glorious #Goodwood. #horseracing 
Just been informed that I'm in the squad against the Bolton Wanderers International Academy on Monday.  Can't wait! #Standard 
I may be in love with Snoop Dogg 
Heyyyyyy cool Ric Flair is debuting the big gold belt on this episode of NWA Saturday Night 
Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway II for the undisputed UFC FW title on December 12th is going to be fun. 
pretty accomplished that i was the 16th comment on Justin Bieber's insta pic 
Huge weekend coming up at The KEE to Bala! Come and celebrate KEE-ANADA day with us on Sunday! We have a huge... 
"Learn about Eid @user celebration's tomorrow. Cakes, Malaysian cookies &amp; treats! All Warwick PG's welcome! 
"Nice to Welbeck score his 8th goal in 10 games, the thinking play of Lallana &amp;  Oxlade Chamberlain bringing some proper skill onto the pitch" 
wait who's going to the chris brown concert next tuesday 
Il Divo - Isabel love this song very much... 1st time came to Spain n hear this song, I fall in love with song.. 
"Jets flying low over the house this morning. Gives me a tingle of excitement. Only a week to go before I take off. But 4now, out in2 cold." 
"Janet Jackson released more information about her new album ""Unbreakable,"" which will be out on Oct 2, on her... 
This is like the 3rd time ive seen highlights of the Merseyside Derby today. Very good game it was. 
The hottest open mic is teaming up with the hottest organization in Tallahassee. You DON’T want to be left out. Join us NEXT FRIDAY 10pm!! 
It's a 3rd day of Eid. We are blessed with nice weather and owsum feeling of freshness. Alhamdulillah 
A fine afternoon photographing the Pride parade on Saturday afternoon. #BeHappy #PrideGlasgow #Pride2015 
"Lucy Hale is trending worldwide! The girls from #PrettyLittleLiars are getting some love from the fans tonight. Congrats, @user 
Kinda pumped for the gardner game tomorrow 
Today is the 18th anniversary of HARRY POTTER. There are few things I look back on with as much love and... 
Good times!  We are gearing up for the Pride Parade on Sunday!  Come out and cheer us on! Will be a great day!!!! 
Seeing Big Green tractor be performed by Jason Aldean tonight threw it back to 7th grade homeroom with @user 
"From Monday 17 Sept, new Library Reading Club for Reception to Year 6 from 3.30-4.30pm with Mrs Bolton, the School Librarian." 
I'm so excited for the new episode of Hannibal tomorrow *cries* 
Dunkin is the most important one so go there first  
Morning!!!! Soundset was popin and hot as a tity but time to waken bake easy the sun burn haaa 
"Liverpudlian, David Price defeats Matt Skelton in the 2nd round to defend his British &amp; Commonweath heavyweight titles." 
im so excited for civil war in may i just want chris evans in my life 24/7 
@user hahahhahaha lol,its probably cuz im sat here in a green day hoodie.....xx :)" 
"Tomorrow's going to be a big day, nope. Not because its 17. Haha enough with that date. Its a Star Wars day!!!!!" 
Wishing Prince George a very Happy 2nd Birthday from the Old Star! Cheers! #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge 
Pepe Reina believes the stylish manner of Liverpool's 3-0 victory over FC Gomel on Thursday night could be a sign of things to come 
Excited to move &amp; sweat at the #Dance Yoga workshop this Sat Are you coming? #yoga #London 
Dear March, I’m gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight cause its National Bieber Day (y) 
I got tickets to meet the Bulls tomorrow let me know ASAP. If your interested!!!#free 
"Hopefully going to genera with physics, down side is its only 6th years who are going and I don't talk to many #worthitbut" 
Black Friday by Kendrick is probably the best song I've ever heard 
Toronto Blue Jays vs the Texas Rangers. David Price starting pitcher for the Jays on his 30th birthday. #GoJaysGo 
"James, you're on Big Brother. A lot of things will happen to you for the first time. #PBB737TheConfrontation 
Omigod! Tomorrow is gonna be 12/12/12. Wow! Opposite day? Hmm. X 
Definitely wish I could catch this tomorrow night. Dare Night: LockDown @user at the Gladstone Hotel. 
Please come at the Harry Potter convention in Paris on 14 and 15 February, i really want to see you ! (Sorry for my bad english) 
Stream coming tomorrow streaming Minecraft and madden come check it out 
The Texas Rangers did a nice job today and Josh Hamilton is able to hit his 5th home run and he did a great job today. 
Respect for mother occupies a very high position on the ladder of Islam non can compared in terms of love and care. May Allah help them 
I favorited a @user video Pope explains the significance of Lent and Ash Wednesday 
#amazingamateur Paul Dunne breaks a multitude of records and 1st's in British Open with amazing display and control. 
BATMAN Death in the Family 4 Issue Set 426 427 428 429 ALL 1st PRINTS Awesome 
Glad to see the response was ready by the time I got around to reading Mehdi Hasan's article. Thanks @user 
I know it's old, but The Beatles, Jay-Z, Danger Mouse -- c'mon... Classic mix --... 
Photo: Good Monday Morning and Happy World Book Day! :3 (Taken with instagram) 
Jumma Mubarak to all Muslims. May Allah bless you all. 
i am so excited to watch sharknado after work tomorrow no one even gets it 
"ICYMI, here is the review of @user Moto G (3rd Gen), a worthy upgrade! 
Tomorrow is going to be another beautiful day! Amazing day to be outside for Marching Band practice! 83, we can and we will do it :) 
The bands Gladstone hotel last Friday. Pretty luxury considering what we've slept on in the past!  
@user  Saw this an it made me think of Cougar Town... Can’t wait for January!!! 
Chris Evans Genre Radio Show 07.11.2015 Gothic music and other genres share if you like #goth #alternativemusic 
Chris Sale will take a no hitter into the 7th today and the White Sox will win a wild card. You heard it here first 
@user @user October is my Bday month too! Michael Easton should do it so I can get a Bday Hug! LOL 
Looking forward to going to Carrow Road with my brother tonight #coys (he must’ve forgiven me for my behaviour at White Hart Lane in April) 
Amazon Prime Day is today-more deals than Black Friday. Eligible #AmazonSmile purchases earns us 0.5% when you shop 
Sarah Palin @user good talking with you today from Last Frontier! Tune into @user to hear our conversation Sunday 9 am12 pm east 
"George Osborne portrayed the night tube to aid low waged workers but only on Friday &amp; Saturday, lying again George? 
@user Hey Girl, Excited to see the New Jersey Shore tomorrow! :) 
July 23 is National Hot Dog Day! BOGO SINGLE ITALIAN HOT DOG when you mention this post! 7/23/15 at Kenilworth  only. 
"I liked a @user video Here Comes the Sun Lesson - Beatles, George Harrison" 
On the ball, @user 2 emails today announcing that Clarkson, Hammond and May are to make a series about cars for Amazon Prime! Who knew? 
I’m definitely going to that cypress game Friday. 
Great double-bill on Saturday for TJFF! Win tix to check out the Jean Dujardin comedy from @user 
'Breakdance Conversation' with Jimmy Fallon &amp; Brad Pitt [VIDEO] via @user Happy Friday Ladies! 
It's finally here: Star Wars Day in the Tracey household! I may be taking my excitement too far... 
"No matter what happens tomorrow, the important thing is whether or not Frank Ocean puts out another album" 
Donald Trump tweets:  May I tell you that I'm having a lovely Labor Day weekend at Hugh Hefner's place? Hef is a gentleman and a friend. 
Tom Brady is gonna come back w/a vengeance like Bruce Willis in the 3rd Die Hard 
I’m going to KFC tomorrow so ANDY (the guy/boy idk what age he was) better be there because he’s like my runaway love 
"Working on my ""Thor"" drawing 'cause I'm going to see @user this Thursday! 
Looks like I'm going back in time tomorrow.... Jurassic Park style.... 
Bellucci played a great 3rd set but Murray was just too good. He advances into week 2 with a comfortable 6-3 6-2 7-5 win #TeamMurray #usopen 
"I'm sure Real Madrid will 'somehow' sign De Gea tomorrow, but tonight's been entertaining all the same  
"Ancelotti says Khedira recovered and is ready to play, although not completely match fit. Imagine he could get minutes tomorrow #realmadrid" 
Here comes the sun du du du du Here comes the sun and I say... It's alright!  - by George Harrison 
Russell Howard, then Cuckoo, then Celebrity Juice, then Family Guy, Thursday night is the best night for comedy 
@user really liked Tobacco Rd. I’ll have to run through the whole album tomorrow before the WBB game. 
Red team plates 1 in the top of 1st on RBI double by @user 
iPhone event recap video tonight, then Transloader for Mac app review on Saturday. Cool content coming up! :) 
@user @user TCCIC ;* GOOD NIGHT ;) see you on MONDAY at SM BACOLOD ;> 
The Winans singing Tomorrow. They still got it. 
I liked a @user video TRIUMVIRAT Spartacus 08 March to the Eternal City 
"TGI Friday's was good! Going to the moves to see ""Rise of the Planet of the Apes""." 
Mariah Carey may have 18 #1's but Bang Bang outsold every single Mariah's ever put out in the United States. 
This may be the greatest thing I've seen in awhile, just because Seinfeld is the greatest show  
@user Can't wait for this weekend, especially Saturday when my guy David Price is on the mound. I love that team." 
"I kind of had a good guy to look up to, he was a 6th rd draft pick &amp; he's the greatest quarterback of all-time, #Texans Hoyer on Tom Brady" 
"Lady GaGa Channels Frank Sinatra In This Pulsating Tribute Song.: Last Sunday night, dozens of the world's big... 
Come hang out with our wonderful PCA’s and learn about Networking in the Job Search tomorrow form 2-3:30 in the student union. See you there 
@user Nov 18th Steelers game is Military day; my brother a former Marine will b there, he’s excited 2 know u will b singing the Anthem 
Tomorrow i will play Minecraft with by friend!!! 
First time I ever heard SS was in 6th grade and I actually loved it. I didn’t know the song at the the time so I couldn’t continue to listen 
Anyone want to come to art park tomorrow after school with A few others ? If you do tweet me :)x 
@user may she rest in peace. stay strong to Lee Soo Man and family.. 
Dont forget to enjoy your Healthy breakfast Tomorrow before you start your week After Eid!  #healthy #hungry #happy 
Turning 21 the Thursday before Halloween, &amp; I honestly wouldn't mind just going to Disneyland lol 
Happy Wednesday!!Glad to see IEBC blow the first whistle with voting zone list !MPs protest! 
@user @user Also, listening to Here Comes the Sun help. IDK why, I just find George Harrison oddly comforting." 
"I’m excited for Riri’s 7th studio album """"Unapologetic"""" See the album cover: 
Mort Zuckerman I can just change who I am plenty of, not to mention all I may give is in fact all my love. 
Peace love and pancakes starts tomorrow morning!! Be there or else no pancakes for you 
Dustin Johnson might be the best Thursday golfer in history. He has to finish a major on top eventually. Has immense talent. 
NBA Predictions: Champs - MIA Runner Up - LAL  MVP - LeBron  6th man - Ginobli  Rookie of the year - Davis Most Improved - Paul George 
@user Ohhh! I'm gonna be getting back into it on PS4 on 15th think I should start fresh though as I've not played in ages. 
"Nashville had their big night tonight on national TV. Tomorrow we celebrate Texas, Oklahoma, and Kansas on the... 
Sharknado 3 tomorrow if your not excited you ain't living right 
The Vamps are coming to Belgium again April 20th next year! They haven't announced it (yet) themselves but it's definitely confirmed! 
Good luck tomorrow Batman @user show Harbaugh how the #Utes get down!!! #WeGotTheLoudHouse #BeatMichigan  #GoobieFor6  #LetsGoUtah 
@user You guys are killing it out there, I love you. I'm watching on livestream tonight. See y'all in Binghamton NY next Saturday" 
@user @user I notice Niki Lauda agrees with my claim that Fernando Alonso signed for McLaren Honda last Thursday. Interesting 
Going to ace tomorrow’s paper with no mercy at all 
@user When u go through Lechlade tomorrow, I'll be the one having the shoot out with the Vicar!" 
Yay going to get my new car tomorrow woot woot. I needed a good pick me up after big brother 
@user he said tomorrow is Zac Brown Friday! So glad my cord got broke! @user #hejustlovesthebeards 
Jason Aldean and Kenny Cheney at the Meadowlands this Saturday is going to be wild!!! #NoShoesNation 
"I CANNOT wait until college football! Sept 14th, flying down with my brother to the Florida v Tennessee game, it's gonna be titss" 
"Just saw @user on the big brother best bits advert for next Saturday, just Ash's face is the best bit of big brother" 
"Good morning everyone! Remember to catch the great deals offered for Eid, they're extended until Thursday. #discount" 
"Happy 13th birthday to Chip, the newest member of the Knollwood lesson horse gang! 
"I enjoyed kunle afolayan's latest film October 1st , it was brilliant just like Phone swap and Figurine ." 
Not forgetting England's biggest football club and everyone's favourite 2nd team Leeds United take on Rotherham at 7:30 tonight 
"Niall is probably going to see 5sos tomorrow in NJ, love my luck :))" 
Just met with CJ, banjo player in @user Come out to Neighborhood Theatre on June 23rd for the concert! You won’t want to miss it!! 
Tong , Mew , Ying , Donut , Tang/June , Sunee , Korn , X , everything lah i love all the cast hehehe 
I don’t ever Skate Etnies, but Ryan Sheckler 7’s the Marana is Too Sicc! As Soon as it Comes Out in November I’m Buying a Pair :-) 
"#TheNext is on the CW Network in 30 minutes! You may already be in front of the tube, so tune in and support @user w/us!" 
"PSA: National Ice Cream Day is tomorrow, July 19th. I just thought everyone should know." 
That wasn't even the day I wanted to go most and it was insane can't wait for Kendrick tomorrow 
@user CAN you beat Dark Souls 2 before tomorrow? Maybe play both, as adventures in the apocalypse will seem nice in comparison." 
@user @user I imessaged you and it didn't go through, have you got a nokia with snake? Are you about Tuesday night time? 
@user haha Black Dahlia was my favorite song by them too!! I miss you too. Are you still going to miss may I?? :) 
@user thanks tea sounds good but gotta update the iPad 1st 
What an effort from Murray in that 2nd set. Got to take the momentum from the last few games into the 3rd. #USOpen 
"Mrs Splash can't wait to meet everybody for the Early Years dance workshop, Sunday am at Splash Dance. Thanks @user 
’Really good day’ as Danica Patrick finishes 10th at Kansas Nationwide race - NASCAR News | FOX Sports on MSN vsOWxX7c 
Pretty awesome. Jonathan Kozol sat in on my session at the @user conference! 
Questions about becoming apart of LSCA? Come stop by our table outside Gregory Gym from 5-6pm this Thursday! #hookem #L4Z #LSCA 
@user Not in the Afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of Afghans and halal meat in the house!! 
Might just have to go see Ant-man tomorrow 
Riverfront park is almost open with Eric Church on July 30th. Read the 5 things you need to know before going! 
So excited to Be in Philly til the 12th. I miss so much 
Your #Saturday #Satisfaction with Madonna - Don't Cry For Me Argentina #80smusic #top40 
1 gud thing about losing my phone is that it made me use my iPod which has all the songs I used listen to in 3rd year 
Celebrated my Nephews 5th Birthday today!! I hope he enjoys all his Batman presents.Always enjoy seeing... 
Sangam University Bhilwara Salutes Nobel Peace Laureates to Celebrate International Day of the Girl Child 11 Oct 2014 
@user it was a Saturday when I went, stopped off en route for a few jars at Haltwhistle and Haydon Bridge so was good fun." 
angelou_jabines. @user Attractive Katy Perry Images. You may want to see: 
I'm done with SATs. If anyone wants my sat book w/ notes hit me up. I'll let you have it. 
I'll be in the presence of Paul McCartney tomorrow night so if you hear of a guy ripping his skull out in downtown Chicago it wasn't me 
"As an early xmas gift, i get to dj alongside @user on the 15th December at the Waiting Room... Its been a while" 
I'd love to be here and keep rolling on the floor laughing about John Cena... But my Driving Test is tomorrow so a WWE Network replay it is. 
@user Kendrick and J.Cole album in Feb!!!!! I beg it's true! Mans bless you? Getting waved I need to get off Twitter asap 
Addicted to #Dexter... what's new. Almost done with season 5 and I just got it on Thursday! 
Just watched Act of Valor for the 4th time - I do like that movie. 
Omg I'm literally seeing Ed Sheeran with some of my best friends tomorrow I'm so excited 
Playin Dead Island with Iron Maiden blarin thru the speakers....good Saturday :) 
Would you like to join us at our annual gala at the Sandman Signature Resort on Oct 25? Contact our centre at 6042773100 for tickets! 
Good luck to the Mutiny Reserves tonite in their playoff match! Get it done! Big match tomorrow night in Est Longmeadow! Mutiny v Red Stars! 
@user Channel 4, Friday, 10.25pm I think. Looks like it's going to be a really good documentary. Obama's involved!" 
"Come and join us @user to Be' Women's Day @user with @user on Nov 3rd - Dealing with anxieties, addictions, abuse, hurts..." 
#kerryvdublin it is!!  Make sure to support the Kerry team with our great fundraiser this Friday!  #kerryforthedouble  Happy Saturday! 
Go and check out Calibraska!! (Warning: may or may not burn down your house from how fire it is.) #CalibraskaEP 
you may not like them together but admit it camila and shawn sounds amazing together 
#BlueJays going for the franchise 12 straight wins tomorrow. David Price pitching against the #Yankees. That'll be an unbelievable game. 
Say hello to Vince and April! Our first ever Murray's Students of the Month!  Check out our blog to read all about... 
"Thanksgiving, Christmas, St Patrick's Day, Memorial Day, and July 4th are the only good holidays. Every other one is stupid." 
"PRINCE GEORGE TURNS TWO! ""We are mildly amused,' the young Prince was quoted as saying upon 1st cake-nibble. DN 
"SF Mayor Ed Lee has declared June 13th as Matt Cain Day &amp; then gets a key to the city, awesome! #SFGiants #MattCainDay" 
Oh my god the video is out tomorrow THE FIRST VIDEO AFTER ZAYN LEFT ONE DIRECTION IS OUT TOMORROW DIG A HOLE AND THROW ME IN THERE 
@user HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAITE! I hope you work tomorrow because I'm going to SQUISH YOU with my undying LOVE FOR YOU. 
September 17: Pat Crowley is 79. Happy Birthday! Please Don’t Eat the Daisies, Generations, Dynasty, Port Charles, Mont Reve. 
Proper buzzing to watch The Vow with @user tomorrow;) 
Let's get thru this Epic Tuesday with T.N.T. (AC/DC) by Carles Badal #np on #SoundCloud #tuesday #aftertheholiday 
Oh no not Zac Brown Band with my bestie @user #WeHateFun #Sunday #NeedStructure 
This Street Fighter V beta on PS4 tomorrow. I'm ready to give someone the hands. Preferably a few of my peeps part of the NAX crew. 
David Wright returns to the 1st place @user tomorrow. Life is good. 
@user @user he said you were the 2nd best person after David Beckham. 
Tomorrow is the only pool part at night to b at with @user AND @user Splash Dance @user 
I have watched every Sharknado and have made plans to watch the 3rd one. Let's goooo 
@user @user I haven’t seen it yet, but Alan Rickman is permanently awesome, so I may have to. 
@user It is widely disputed.This recent article by Mehdi Hasan in the Guradian is quite good @user 
@user I'm too excited .. finally tomorrow is the premiere of Big Time Movie will be a great time at Adrenalina.Colombia is ready 
John Lennon helped Paul McCartney complete the 3rd verse of The Beatles classic Penny Lane that recounts Paul's youth in a subverted way. 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day... don't you wish you had this adorable banner to celebrate?? 
At the Chevy Youth Soccer clinic on Tues. A was too young to play but pretty stoked with his free shirt 
@user On JUly 1 could have been POY, won majors,won playoff events, won WGC,Won Fed Ex Cup, had most wins n season Did none of it" 
"Nothing better than a pump-up video to a @user song. ""Bad Blood"" coming to you at @user vs Cosmos on Sat. #MyMasterpiece" 
My Social Media Week starts tomorrow, kicking off with ’Socialising the Internet of Things’. Sounds intriguing. #smwldn 
@user Ahhh ill be watching Sharknado tomorrow Wish I could see it now! =:D 
@user I am excited, but at the same time Iron Maiden have an album out Friday and that's really taking priority XD" 
Pub trivia and the $100 bar tab who am I question comes along. Oi. I get it after the 2nd clue. The answer was Kendrick Lamar #winning 
So KC (Chesney) rocked it on Saturday and his twin CK (Knaus) won big on Sunday. They should go celebrate on an island somewhere. 
colts game was fun tonight. love spending time with my fam. 
#JustinDoAFollowSpree c’mon, u want to Kidrauhl follow u’r amazing account? So let’s trend!^^ 
It's August 11th.  Have we all forgotten about the Frank Ocean record? 
Roger Jones recommends Sun Is Shining (Smoke Out Dubstep Mix) by Bob Marley. Listen to it for free on Deezer! 
"Knaus, Johnson win appeal; no suspension coming, points restored: Sports 3 hours, 1 minute ago From the moment N... 
@user here in Bilbao were so fucking excited!!! you'll be welcome tomorrow dude!!! 
Sun is shining, weather is sweet, makes you wanna move your dancin feet - Bob Marley 
"We're in the, what, 5th week of the NFL season, and Danny Amendola and Brian Cushing are both healthy. This is weird." 
"Dengeki Bunko Fight Climax Ignition coming to PS4, PS3, and Vita December 17th. Hope that means a localization soon after the first is here." 
"Jurassic World will be rerelease to theaters in IMAX on August 18th" oh. can you withdraw the money automatically or??? 
Victoria: Do you want to see Janet Jackson Saturday?!  Thanks to our friends from Revolution Auto Group we have 2... 
Happy 27th birthday to the #NOTORIOUS ONE! CONOR MCGREGOR! #EIRE @user 
Such a lovely table decoration for a special night!!! May you smell Christmas?? 
"New blog, nice conversations with friends (both staying in the deepest pits of hell) and going to see Paper Towns tomorrow. Good shit." 
Tremendous rally by Miesha Tate to win by armbar in the 3rd. Julie Kedzie is a great ambassador for MMA + fought her a** off. Respect. 
Ric Flair, The Nature Boy at the Steel City Con, December 5th and 6th!!! I will not be talking to any of you... 
Probably going to stream tomorrow when the servers come up. I'll be playing KPop and stuff so if you're interested in stopping by...! 
"Watching Paper Towns tomorrow with my bestfriend, is it good ?" 
wow. August 21 release day. gimme that Galaxy Note 5. 
I never thought I'd make it to Disneyland. It's so amazing to me that I get to go. This will be my 6th trip and it never feels real. 
I think the best Stan Lee cameo may be in Ant-Man. It had me laughing hard. 
Reparations should be made, but c'mon Donald Trump is the LAST candidate to support if you want them. 
Ortiz post team-record 9th 30-homer season with Red Sox (The Associated Press) #RedSoxNation 
@user Amateurs performing well everywhere!! Paul Dunne leading the Open and Robbie Shelton in 3rd at the Barbasol. Good stuff. 
#BestMixtapesEver I wasn't a @user fan until I heard the 1st Dedication Gangsta Grillz. Changed my whole opinion. 
@user THANKS! we are only their on the friday so we're gonna try to see Eagles of Death Metal, Black Keys, Band of Skulls, and others.." 
k guys i got tot get some sleep for ISTEP tomorrow and see 4/9 OF MY CRUSHES cant wait and we r going outside luv u guys thanks for the 
Every Thursday I fall more and more in love with Maya Rudolph 
@user I'm a fan of music but when it comes 2 @user he's my babe .That's so sweet from u DMD it's their 1st song without Zayn :'( 
"Tomorrow I'll go to the movies and I'll watch WWAT again. Don't look at me like that, that's the only way I'll see them." 
We can't wait for Ira's In-Depth Workshop at the 19th Annual Georgia Organics Conference! Get your tickets today... 
@user Thor is ready for the game tomorrow. 
The third Sunday in July means it's National Ice Cream Day! Enjoy the weather and your favorite scoop or two today! 
But ya...I'm just waiting for February so that Cole and Kendrick can drop their collabo album. 
Sat with a yoghurt and a coffee. Niki Lauda would be proud 
Il Divo - Somewhere I am going to see them in Dubai Friday ,,love ,adore them  
"October 22 .. See you @ SM Bacolod ! :"""">  See you there SweeT Heart! <3" 
I want a slow Sunday consisting of snuggles and cuddles and Jurassic Park. 
"ravens vs steelers game tomorrow, we are going to whip there asses lol #TeamFollowBack" 
"When your 2 1/2 yr old's 1st words this morning are ""It's Star Wars Day"" b/c we are seeing a sneak peek tonight #ProudGeekMom #HesDarthVadar" 
@user Thanks! I can't wait for my tasting panel this afternoon. Hope to have the reviews up on the MySA food blog by tomorrow. 
@user 3 tickets all seated together on the halfway line for Arsenal v Hull tomorrow please DM me 
This may be the best thing ever...Play the Iron Maiden Video Game from Speed of Light Video. @user This ROCKS! 
We met @user at our 1st Eat to the Beat event at @user &amp; love her cover of Bad Blood by @user #FF 
A slow-mo video of David Beckham and the family's new pup, Olive, to kick start your Sunday? Sure.  
LIR launch event tomorrow. Come out to show support &amp; catch Curtis as he speaks on his goals for Life Is Respond. 
seeing #thehelp tonight...yippee and checking out #hothouse on Church with @user :) 
I hope Sharknado 4 starts with @user saving April #AprilLives 
29 years ago today, July 26, 1986 Dusty Rhodes won his 3rd and final NWA World title by defeating Ric Flair at the Great American Bash. 
@user glad you could make it to the Phoenix Comicon. You also did a great job on Rookie Blue this past Thursday. @user 
Hello everyone.Tuesday night like always Beef Kabob special it is DELICIOUS,Acoustic open Mic with Brian Ruskin... 
omg i may have a chance to still go to the sam smith concert! 
"We will miss you Frank Gifford, NFL Legend &amp; hubby of @user Now walking in Glory &amp; Wonder with God Himself 
"Family Guy on Netflix, I think I'm sleeping downstairs tonight" 
Boruto: Naruto the Movie's September 9 Philippine Premiere Revealed!  Film will open exclusively in SM Cinemas.... 
"Over the next few years, George Osborne might not be Mr Popular, but he may be Mr Right 
With Joe Biden, campaign 2016 fun about to begin via @user #Election2016 
Excited to go see Rise of the Planet of the Apes tonight 
@user @user brought For The Love of Food live to Eid in the Park  on Sat @ MK-  amazing audience 
Shabath Shalom to all of you :) May the God of Israel bless you all :) 
I love you Justin Bieber...BELIEBER forever!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 :3 Like this comment if you're BELIEBER!... 
"However ASAP Rocky gets the title for Sunday... Unreal performance, one of the best rap shows I've seen. The Nirvana. The fucking Nirvana" 
Ronda is bringing a lot of new eyes to the UFC and I love it:) Conor McGregor vs Jose Aldo and Ronda Rousey vs Tate Dallas stadium in Dec.:) 
Preettyy pretty sun rise in lonavala with red bull! 
@user  Can't wait to see your interview with Craig Ferguson at Paley in October. He's extraordinary. 
Excited for @user and @user opening Essex tonight! Any bar with homemade Thin Mints is my favorite 
Not An Apology and Calibraska both come out on the 24th. I'm so excited @user @user @user 
"Marko about Vettel: """"I also believe that the moment to move was ideal: Ferrari is dow..."""" - #F1" 
Also, this is about to be the best night of my life. Joe Pa vs. @user . Somebody may die hahaha 
Lithium may just be my favorite Nirvana song oat 
i just saw a man on 14th st with a Janet Jackson tattoo 
Thursday is the best day of the week because of Vampire Diaries! #tvd 
""""" @user I may say bad words too but that doesn’t mean i lost my Christianity, i love you God"""" true" 
Can not wait for the 3 season of Mob Wives. #TrueBitches #January @user @user 
Looking forward to this concert in Vancouver on December 15th...hope to see you all there! Love that city! 
yo I'm going to need all of you to bippity bobbity the fUCK out of Disneyland on Friday so I can throughly enjoy Halloween Disney thank you 
Trill young savage finna walk around the crib naked tomorrow tho. Best believe! 
"It's very impressive that Frank Gifford, who died Sunday at 84, remains the leading touchdown scorer in the history of the New York @user 
It's winner take all between John Cena and Seth Rollins. May the best wrestler win. #TitleForTitle #SummerSlam 
Can it be friday already? I wanna see Jason Aldean 
first day of KPOP club tomorrow! I'm super excited! 
Happy Friday! Just because National Hot Dog day is over doesn't mean you cant still have hot dog recipe fun with... 
can we talk about the fact that I have an Ed Sheeran concert next Saturday and me &amp; my sister sit in seat 9 &amp; 10 in the 8th row of section 1 
@user @user may all the power of Barca and Messi be with you this season! 
Seeing Janet Jackson this Friday and I think I'm going to cry the whole concert 
@user @user im sure you be even more honored whooping that ass of the champ whoever that may be at the royal rumble!! cant wait ! 
Amazon Prime deliver on a Sunday...just saying... 
"Expect to see the new McLaren 650S GT3 to make a debut appearance at the 2014 Gulf 12 Hour race, 12-13 December.... 
Rivers to Gates, for only the 3rd time this season. Keep it up Chiefs, fantasy teams need you 
Cardinals bullpen just did their best 7th inning Kershaw impression. 
"JUDAS KISS on Friday, horse riding in Hype Park and shopping yesterday, BBC Tour and Westfields and dinner with friends today. Good weekend." 
@user i think I've become a Jets fans over the last few months, their 1st game is on my birthday too! #gojetsgo" 
@user my 1st presidential decree: the national anthem has been changed to a 45 min long improvisation from a Grateful Dead concert 
Ohhhh doood! Red holiday cups start back (&holiday drinks) at SB!! So going tomorrow :) 
@user Thor's back Friday for stitches out! What's up with Briancat? 
Kendrick Lamar killed it with Black Friday. 
@user @user @user Love blue Friday! Love that dress!Love the weather forecast! Go Colts! 
Michelle Obama to 1st gen college students on education: "This should be the cool thing to do in life." 
Philly girls love going to Big Bangs, Kifs, Fat Tuesday, etc 
Today In History: Mariah Carey is the 5th act ever to hold the top 2 spots on US chart with 'WBT' &amp; 'SIO'! #Fact 
Yippee! and today we get to celebrate (belated) our 10th Wedding anniversary. The Foo Fighters tonight!!! with... 
today is @user  celebrating the anniversary of Bob Marley's One Love Peace Concert (22 Apr 1978) 
@user well its my favorite 4th doctor story and its written by Douglas Adams. And if youve ever read the 1st Dirk Gently book (1of2) 
@user I'd love that! Hmu sometime this week, I'll dm you my number. I'll be in Summersville tomorrow though." 
Holy shit I just now opened the Hannibal's Kitchen envelope someone handed me Friday night #dragoncon #Hannibal 
Lexus may have made the first ever #hoverboard but #BMW made the hoverdrift in this #e30 #carporn #lexus 
Niall's charity drive for @user is at 44% now! Donate and spread the word please! Just a few more days!  
Selling a Zac brown band ticket for the 3rd msg if interested 
@user hey thank you so much for your help Moto G (3rd Generation) Delivery expected by Fri, 21st Aug'15 Your item has been confirmed" 
Seeing Foo Fighters tonight for the first time since 8th grade...so pumped #Grohl 
@user Yes! I love that brand. I have a Mikasa one and a Levi one coming. I don't have the BB ones yet though. I may get them. 
@user Good point!  Ash Wednesday isn’t a day of obligation?  I’ve never missed one. 
@user if you met me Niall you'd be laughing like there's no tomorrow bro.. @user 
"Everybody gets happy around Zayn. People get happy, puppies get happy, the sun gets brighter, the nature gets more beautiful" 
3 episodes of Family Guy tonight on BBC3. Put a slight smile on my face :) 
Excellent performance tonight from @user looking to see you against Arsenal next Sunday 
I got my 1st achievement on the xbox one: watch Netflix 7 days in a row. 
Seasons Greetings! .. it's is here Christmas... we mean... Star Wars Day! May the Force be with you! 
@user I sincerely thank you and may you have a splendid day old chap. And remember no good story ever start by drinking Tea!! 
@user @user Novak is surely the man to beat. Federer or Murray may run him to the base line. The usual suspects. 
Part 2 Tour of Hat Yai. Look at the amazing warm welcome and love for Miss Tourism 2012 World Final on 16th 
@user yes of cuz.. chris brown is working on his new album already and that's the 2nd single off the album after "liquor" 
Jurassic World is back in IMAX... Hmmm, see it tonight or tomorrow?... or both? 
Carl Ikeme really tried for the Super Eagles last Saturday. Finally a tough rival for Enyeama. so calm and calculated. 
Paul Dunne kept the poise going in the Rinaldi interview. This could be awesome if he gets off to a decent start tomorrow. 
@user I ordered calendar from Book Depository and it arrived safely. So, this is my 2nd time and I can say Book Depo is looking good!" 
Travis Shaw had a huge two run HR in the top of the 8th inning last night. Redsox won 3-0 over the White Sox. #RedSox 
Hey there my bro @user may you help shed like on the Presidency issue in your country .What's going on re: Uhuru Kenyatta and Ruto? 
someone wanna watch the sun rise and go to IHOP? 
Opportunity Sat II:A Wolverine W puts us in the Orange Bowl. I hope the staff brings a right attitude so the boys can play loose and fast! 
Kinder Morgan (KMI) said Friday it agrees to pay $110M to settle investors’ lawsuits related to its ac... $KMI 
Best wishes to the new Mr &amp; Mrs Duke who were married at Lynnhurst Hotel on Friday - pictured with our Bentley... 
#NowPlaying Michael Jackson - She’s Out of My Life (Live At Wembley July 16. L.O.V.E it! #MjTunes 
Who had two thumbs and is the happiest girl in the world because she might get Greys Anatomy season 4 tomorrow? Oh yeah, thats me! ;) 
Don't forget to send kids Wednesday with candy. (Bet you never see me say that again!) Halloween candy to be donated to the VA Hospital! 
"Niall's 22nd is coming way to early! I'm seriously so speechless,just always know that I'm here for ya!  @user @user 
Welp, I made it to #MLG Dallas... even the speed limits are bigger in Texas O.o Tomorrow, Sat, Sun... INTERVIEWS!!! keep an eye out :) 
@user just in case you haven’t had enough we have plenty of Birthday Cake ready for you tomorrow! 
DON'T MISS THIS EXCITING SHOW! Rumourz, Tribute to Fleetwood Mac is coming to the Palace THIS SATURDAY at 7:30pm.... 
Gucci bags divine breath pomposity april huff the double harness your extraordinary approach raising to master... 
National Ice Cream Day is THIS Sunday! See you at Cold Stone? #icecreammonth 
Watch NBC Meet the Press: Carly Fiorina - Watch NBC Meet the Press: Carly Fiorina: We Should Not Repeal the 14th A... 
Must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before 10pm so I can have a night in with the Sons of Anarchy 
I just want it to be tomorrow so I can open my Justin Bieber CD I know is waiting for me under the tree 
RT @user Thanks Rachel for the love on Big Brother last night! Glad to entertain you on @user 
on the bright side DWTS cast cumin Mon. my girl Kym better b on &hav sum1 that she has a chance 2 win again! go Kym !  ;-) 
Tonights a good stopping point. Tomorrow I watch the last 6 episodes of Hannibal, ie. the Red Dragon arc. 
good eats on deck 2day. Volare 4 lunch. Maya del Sol 4 dinner. i was smart 2 wear black. i may look like i’m w/ child by the end of the day 
Mark your calendars ladies: Luke Bryan will be at the Houston Rodeo March 16th, Then George the 17th!! @user @user @user 
Friday's Poll Question: What Are You Most Excited For At the Red Earth Festival...? 
Did you know September 19 is International Talk Like a Pirate Day? And a mighty fine day it is mateys! ARrrrrrrrr! 
Briana has a normal sized bump for how far along she supposedly is its the same size as the girl i work withs and shes due in feb 
Gosh just think if Robert Griffin the 3rd (RGIII) and lamichael james were on the same team omg   #Beasts 
In other news I saw Ant-Man! It may have a few flaws but I absolutely loved it! So funny and the character is brilliant 
Wear your most verdacious attire with pride tomorrow - celebrate Go Green Day #gogreenday @user 
Rodgers: If I wanted to go with the same team on Sunday and Wednesday I could do that. #lfc  Go with d same team 
Shout out to Kendrick Lamar ..for coming threw dat next fire line up ..black Friday let em know you wit EM FLAMES!! 
"Y'all try to be nice and deceiving the way Nia Long was about her friend in Friday who ""looks like Janet Jackson""" 
Thursday night's #GOPDebate was the highest-rated primary debate in TV history. Must be because of that John Kasich sex appeal. 
@user hahah, ugh.. you win this time, #igiveuppp what happens in iona, stays in ionaa! sooooo see yas saturday hahah?" 
@user @user Miesha Tate says your going to win Oct 6th during her interview and you are a bad ass at 105... go girl :) 
Mets 3B David Wright crushed the ball deep to left on the third pitch of his 1st at-bat 
@user hey sue. So excited to see you at WPPI U tomorrow. We’re coming don Canada and would love to buy you a drink. @user 
I love it! June 13th is officially Matt Cain Day in San Francisco! #SFGiants #BeatLA 
@user no thank god it died down Tuesday morning, I woke up and it was gone! We just need to recover from it! Plus nj might have a 
WOW. just wow Listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday (A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix) 
You kinda look the same Kendrick look a little different lol  
"RT @user Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito return to court to continue appeal Mon, Sept 5th.Freedom is just around the corner kids!" 
"Goodbye CBS All Access... I have you until the 30th, more than enough time for Big Brother to complete. Thanks for the live feeds." 
I legitimately just walked into IHOP and got my own menus from behind the host stand and sat myself. Hahaha 
@user @user @user @user Tom Brady is the defending champ and best qb in the league honey. He should've been picked 1st. 
What If it rained? We didn’t care.. She said that someday soon the sun was gonna shine.. And she was right.. This love of mine My Valentine 
Martin Atkinson announced as referee for Tyne-Wear Derby on Sunday.  Just want the Toon to win #nufc.  
"Top 5 Best New Moto G Phone Cases: If you're looking for a phone case for your new Moto G (3rd gen), here are ... 
Tim Mahoney performs U2 with a full band tomorrow night at Pioneer Place! This is such an awesome concert.  There... 
Fleetwood Mac on the radio, driving towards a weekend of camping in Whitstable with some excellent people. Our Friday afternoon is winning. 
@user love Al Green. Saw him in concert in July...he’s still got it 
Turns out Olive Garden’s dinner for tonight and tomorrow is more like dinner for tonight and later tonight. 
Meet the stars of The Dream Factory and win movie tix and Sugar Bowl lift tix tomorrow at SB Presidio at 5pm! 
@user please Justin follow me ? Hope everyday ! Je t’aime ! Can wait to see u in Paris for the 1st time ! Je t’aime <3 
Chris Evans takes the steering wheel when Top Gear races back to BBC Two in May: 
"I can't wait to go home this weekend, relax, see my pets, eat homemade food and read Go Set a Watchman. Is it Friday yet?" 
"Kate Bush's Sat In Your Lap is a song I often forget exists, and it's always lovely to be reminded it does." 
Show tomorrow @ Wick's GC.  Old school Queen - new Jason Aldean - classic rock and power pop in between.  Hope you can join us for the fun! 
"Sat alone downstairs in the dark with Sam smith on, might grab myself a beer or vodka as well. Living life to the maxxxxx" 
I'm about to see Shawn on October 16 and I'm super excited 
"RT @user ""END OF TIME"" by Beyonce, I heard it today and iIm hooked, ahhhhhhhhhh i love it to the ultimate MAX!!!!!" 
Gucci plurality preconscious privately december train the twin yours guy good understanding widening against p... 
I don't have work tomorrow so I am going to watch Netflix and stay up and probably fall asleep at a decent time anyways 
"Enjoy trudging to work. I'm in a lovely hotel in my pants, contemplating how good the Foo Fighters will be tomorrow." 
Tweet from the great state of Denial. New tv show called #Hannibal on thur at 10pm. The guy plyn Hannibal has good cheek bones. Im intrigued 
I just need it to be Sept 4th go see Eric Church and then spend the rest of my weekend up my cabin with my best friend... 
"I liked a @user video One Direction waving at fans at the window of their hotel in Milan, December 12th" 
Check out these Labor Day Weekend sales going on now through Monday at our Nike Clearance Store: 40% off all... 
@user I've got Mon. off work &amp; I'm going to see Ant-Man movie in theaters. Want to see it in 3D. 
Happy Saturday!!!!  Bee Gees with How Deep Is Your Love 
"Tomorrow, Sunday July 19th is National Ice Cream Day!  After careful thought we decided to make a fresh peach... 
Can't believe Nintendo is finally allowing it. Wow. Pretty excited for Afterbirth too. Might actually buy it for PC. 
": Carlo Ancelotti: """"Levante are a strong team. We must be the best Real Madrid team we can be to win tomorrow."""" #HalaMadrid""""" 
I'm going up Mount Snowdon in Wales next Saturday. Got some proper walking shoes now. Just hope it doesn't rain/snow! 
I have much to do before tomorrow, so the logical thing to do is watch Netflix all day, obviously 
@user can't wait to see what happens to April in sharknado 4 hope she lives 
In honour of Ice Cube I'm smokin 2 blunts and drinking an Old English right before watching the movie Straight Outta Compton tomorrow. 
This will probably help Erdogan in the new elections. 
@user @user The Bernie Sanders like social democratic New Democrats have the 2nd  most MPs,&amp; 31% of Canadians voted for them. 
Got a Jennifer Hudson inspired makeup look coming on Monday, excited for the turn out 
And I feel life for the very first time Love in my arms and the sun in my eyes #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"Good morning and happy Tuesday with Tom Brady's ""The Balls Song"" 
david price is a blue jay and the blue jays are in a playoff spot in august. im extremely happy with the way things are right now 
Let the good times roll! Tomorrow is Mardis Gras at St. Philip’s, with the Bob DeAngelis Dixieland Band and gumbo lunch. Join us at 10:30! 
When you start listening to Black Friday By Kendrick Lamar more than Tale Of 2 Cities By J. Cole 
Congratulations Norwin High School Marching Band on getting 1st place at the Towson BOA Regional! 
The last 1:15 is the best part of Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar 
Many thanks to Zac Brown for your support of the troops and the Vets---on Monday Night Football 
"excited for fri,not so i can get smashed but so i can go to the garden centre,look at the xmas display and have a coffee #wtf #grannyalert" 
Best Buy beats Q2 views, expands Apple Watch sales - Best Buy stock jumped Tuesday after the consumer electronics ... 
Kurt Cobain solo album to be released in November. No plans currently for a winter U.S. tour to support it. #LiveFromTheBanksofTheRiverStyx 
"Gosh, I just wanna wear my John Cena shirt everyday. Should I wear it ot class tomorrow? Decisions" 
I've said all along that Scott Walker's low-key style doesn't set the barn on fire but will win the day.  
$1 short stack at IHOP tomorrow someone go with me 
Hanging out at the Prince George mall! Already may have bought a few new outfits... 
@user u ok with the poster for tomorrow?  tea will be provided for you.. can you get to the cafe for about 6pm to sound check? Rosie x 
@user Ahah he’s a year older then me, the cool thin is that he’s born on Australia day and I’m Born on the 4th of July I think 
Adblock Browser for Android now available on Google Play (but it might not be for     September 9, 2015 Cool Tech!!! 
"Well, Twilight is out of the wash. In her original colours no longer dampened by dirt. Days of sun-drying ahead." 
"Wow! SYTYCD finale tonight and tomorrow, 19 days until DWTS cast announcement, 40 days until DWTS, where did the summer go..." 
@user haha dude it was mental, by far easiest defensive driving course created. Yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday! 
Jurassic park on tv Saturday morning... It's going to be a good day! @user @user #favoritemovie #jurassicpark 
"A : ""Cinema may be the thing I like the most after music. I went to see Carol the other day, con Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara""" 
"Real Madrid clever play paper work in late, Navas stays and the get De Gea for next to nothing in the January window nice new year present." 
"White Sox Highlight: Trayce Thompson with 3 H and 3 RBI, including go-ahead 2-run double in 7th, in 5-4 win over Red Sox" 
"Finally pre-ordered the new Iron Maiden album (Book of Souls), can't wait for September 4th, that CD is going to be blasting around my house" 
R.I.P. Frank Gifford. I truly enjoyed your Monday Night Football broadcasts with Al and Dan. 
I just got a John cena vine sent to me at 12:08 on a Friday what a life I lead 
Frank Gifford was the face of Giants and original 'Monday Night' rock star 
Shawn will be attending the VMAS tomorrow! #confirmed 
@user @user #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga  i love you mother monster 
Kurt Cobain Solo Album Given November Release Date: The soundtrack for the Kurt Cobain biopic Montage of Heck,... 
Charlie Sheen seems pretty confident/badass for his upcoming roast. He actually seems like he has it together. I may watch. 
"I really wana see Foo Fighters for the 3rd time, so unreal live" 
@user Prob the same guy that played 10 straight Dropkick songs at Berks last Saturday..felt like a rockin St Patricks Day 
good morning to my clique @user @user @user @user loving the friday Addition of Flava in da morning 
@user can we Netflix and chill tomorrow instead of me going to school? 
@user Nice I love it Arlene!! I think the good Friday movie characters Ice Cube &amp; Chris Tucker love it too! 
An opportunity to serve at the Gazette's Halloween Parade tomorrow night! Check it out... 
I'm eligible for an upgrade next Monday. Hopefully the new iPhone drops next Friday so I can go straight to Verizon after work. 
I hope that when @user wins @user for the 16th time, Ric Flair comes out to congratulate him. Unless Jon Stewart interferes. 
It's Baby Boom Friday and the sun is shining for our location/adventure sessions today :) Baby Boom at JM Style... 
@user  Strolls in2  #NipClub & see Nekkid kitteh...what kinda party U running here...shall I jump on the bar & dance? Oh yeah.. 
@user @user both of you, get started with your Honest trailer and EWW for Ant-man. You have until next Tuesday to do it! :D" 
hey @user members, did you miss your shot at Leonard Cohen tix this morning on @user @user will have more for you on Sunday! 
do you know that moment when you stare at the sun and your eyes start to cry because it's so bright? that happens to me when i look at Niall 
Oh yeah, I’m totally excited for Tina Fey and Amy Poehler to host the Golden Globes in January. They’re amazingly funny women! #girlpower 
One of the Worlds biggest icons David Beckham dined @user in @user this Wednesday #Manchester #Beckham 
@user @user ... see you on FHV at 6pm ..... And hope to see you at Westfield Parramatta on Sunday at 1pm :-) 
Big spot for Harper now in the 7th to impress the fans left in the park 
Trivial but true - the 1st really successful communist communities were in Israel - kibbutz . Important part of the Left Zionist movement! 
"Just bought my ""Boruto - Naruto the Movie"" ticket for October 10! 
@user Haha, I hardly knew about them and one day I was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the Brit Awards with her :) 
I want to go to the battle of the bands/ drumlines at cotton bowl November 11th! 
Federer's a man with a mission... 7th one coming.. #CincyTennis 
I really care to think about what I need to do going forward...I'm excited to be able to go out there and do it. Tom Brady on Sunday. 
And on my 18th birthday we got matching tattoos Used to steal your parents' liquor and climb to the roof #MTVHottest Katy Perry 
Get chance to win a prize.  Follow us on Google+ and you may can win prize.  Please open and follow us 
Selling 1 extra ticket to Zac Brown Band in Toronto tomorrow!!!!! Mssg me if you want it :) 
#Astros Aplin steals third after knocking a big  RBI double down the right field line. We're tied at 1 in the 8th. 
Hope i see my champ d best in d wwe mr RKO randy Orton on wwe monday raw tonight 
Dont miss this Tonight and tomorrow!   BIG Day of the dead celebration!... 
Is Michelle Obama and the sytycd crew dancing at the White House today cuz I may have to join 
"Great Write In tonight ending in a random Taco Bell fix.  See everyone Sunday - remember Daylight Savings ends,... 
LIPA 4:19 beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at Joseph wright centre 
What Would Derek Fisher Bring to the L.A. Lakers?: The  Lakers  may soon be creating a new position for free age... 
@user Justin just so You know, i may have been freaken the past few days, it's just that time of year for me, I'm OK! Justin Bieber" 
@user is selling two tickets to The Vamps on the 26th of March at face value, DM her for more info:)" 
@user met you today at Cobham!! Gave you my twitter? Any chance of that follow mate? Thanks for stopping, good luck tomorrow dude!! 
Spaghetti dinner/movie for the Barbarians football team. Big game tomorrow vs Upland!! Go Barbs!!! 
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus could be available on August 21:  Samsung is scheduled to announce the Galaxy Note... 
@user @user #TGIT and Kerry and Tony's little dance so cute and the cast is fab... looking forward to Thursday's telly!! 
@user @user May the 4th is Star Wars Day too! ;) 
@user It's pretty cool, that's for sure... USWMT WC, USMNT, EPL on Sat. Mornngs on all on ESPN along with Summer Euro matches #Fun" 
"our deep condolences for Lee Soo Man's family, may she rest in peace :(" 
"Elwira will be singing Bad Blood, may the God's be with her #IdolsSA" 
@user Since there is a WWE Games group now on PS4 its a definite on PS4. May not even get it on x1 anymore now tbh. 
@user painting the Liverpudlian town red on Saturday night anyone? I know I am!!! 
@user Only you can answer before I try! There’s on WP8 a way to call 3rd p. apps? Like Intents on Android. I wanna switch to WP! 
Who's seeing Ed Sheeran tomorrow night? This guy. @user you should buy me a beer cuz I can't afford one. 
I wish every day was October 11th 2014 because I miss Eric church 
It's going to be a BIG weekend! Pride parade, official Patio Day &amp; a holiday Monday. Check out out hours--&gt; 
Hide in country clubs all U want Boehner! ReverseRobocall.com launching soon & I'm one of 1st in line! Join me. #launch 
I still maintain that Boris Bikes may be the best way to see London... 
Bentley scores again &amp; Jocelyn is 7 for 7 on extra points. Cats up 49-32 with 4:47 left in the 3rd quarter. Keep working Cats!! 
"Congratulations Aishah on passing your driving test 1st time at the Mitcham test centre, with our driving... 
Join us at  Red Magazine Smart Women Week for a signature Beyonce Dance Workshop.   3-4:30pm next Friday the 18th... 
I'm listening to Maybe I'm Amazed for the 1st time in ages &amp; wondering how I ever managed to stop being fanatic about Paul McCartney??? 
Would be amazing to see Paul Dunne go out and win the famous Claret Jug tomorrow !!! 
@user I will be spending my Friday night listening for Taylor Swifts ""Bad Blood"" on the #1 radio station Virgin Radio 99.9 :)" 
Fun day!! Walked over the Brooklyn Bridge... ate waaaaaay to much!! Tomorrow fingers crossed I get standing room for Book of Mormon! Night! 
"i dont know but horan is my bae?;$ nialler! x so everybody,i will getting married with Niall on 24 January 2015 :) xx *justkidd." 
If anyone wants to come with me to Jason Aldean tomorrow night I have a FREE TICKET 
"Saw Caitlyn Jenner @user at the @user today. She was hilarious. Nice to see @user there too, we have tickets for the 28th yay!" 
I may have only made 5 second eye contact with Niall but I feel like he understands me now 
Night everyone...will post pics of Zayn tomorrow again...I love all of you. 
@user you live dangerously Curtis! (Say I, fro the hotel bar, with tech tomorrow)" 
@user I FOUND YOU!!!!!! I'm the one that sat right in front of you with my aunt :)))) is there any chance you took a vid of Niall 
When you're really excited that the boss is buying you Dunkin after a long Friday .... @user 
Amazon Prime Day may be over, but you can still get a great deal on this FAA-Approved Airplane Seat Belt Extender 
@user Espanyol vs Barcelona on 27 September - 15 mins with Barca scoring a pen in the last minute to win 
Act of Valor may have just become one of the best movies I’ve ever seen 
Great day out with everyone at Lechlade! #sun #jumpingoffbridges #cowfish 
@user Don't worry I'm sure you passed it! Any more exams this week? I'm good, got a job in HMV today so starting Monday week :-)" 
So pumped for no school tomorrow and sleeping in and even more excited for the hooch Tennessee here I come!! 
J.Cole and Kendrick Lamar's collaboration album drops February 16th. Will it be the best album of the decade? 
"Also, Paper Towns was AMAZING. (@AnselElgort making an appearance was the cherry on top &amp; I may or may not have freaked in the theater)" 
EID mubarak for all muslim friends ! May God bless us to bring religious harmony in all over the world on this holy and happy occasion. 
"I love refinding amazing songs. In 9th grade( now im a junior) i loved SOO many amazing rap songs like Memories back then with Kendrick, bob" 
RT @user September 19 is the roast of Charlie Sheen! I'm ready for it! Haha 
Seniors Robert Kugler (for 2nd time), Danny Anthrop &amp; Frankie Williams selected captains by teammates with Bentley. #Purdue 
Too hot. Too cold. Rain. Sun. Snow. Clear. People always have an excuse not to vote. Online you say? Nah, I'm watching Netflix. 
Brock Lesnar on SportsCenter tomorrow morning. Wrasslin' is going mainstream again! 
"SNAP!: ANT-MAN Even with this being my 2nd time seeing it, Ant-Man still blew me away. Best solo Marvel film yet. #Truth" 
"Incredible!! Any pupils able 2 bring it 2 our Star Wars Day, Sat? Not sure even our master model maker could top it! 
@user Man Utd may be forced to go in for Kane or even Austin if they can't lure bigger stars to the club. 
Carly Fiorina now in 2nd place in a GOP poll in Michigan ... she'll be ahead of Trump in a few weeks. 
"if they question you about Nov just say Thanksgiving, it's the White House, they'll understand &amp; pardon you AND a turkey #Scandal" 
"Go Set a Watchman still at number one.  ""Yeah, but it's a sequel. Mindfulness Coloring Book is totally original."" 
Here's the 1st part of Nike's very interesting topic on genlivecast 
@user Tyler has a hockey game in the Burg @ Lockwood Arena @ 830PM tomorrow night :) #Come ? 
Frank Gifford may have not been the most skilled game caller-and he didnt have to be in 3 man booth-but always brought elegance to TV sports 
A never-ending gold rush in China: China, the largest producer of gold, may also become the biggest consumer of ... 
@user it's too early. Though to be clear. Apple Watch is already the market leader. And best performing Apple product in 1st quarter 
"If you haven't figured it out, we marathoned Twilight last night and we're currently starting the 17th hour of our Harry Potter marathon." 
@user : Hope you can make it to Maude Barlow's Great Lakes Speaking Tour next Wed May 16th! 
@user if anything it'll make it bigger. The IRA said Bloody Sunday was the best recruitment campaign they could hope for. 
Hannibal finale on Wednesday in the UK. Time to catch up on all the episodes I missed while on holiday. 
@user Just seen your goals in the 5-2 City win against Bolton in 2003. Need to get them days back man, hope you play tomorrow. Top player." 
A great day for sport #OrlandoCruz ranked 4th in WBO has come out. We need more openly gay role models in the world of sport. A true fighter 
".@BenJones_1990 That all nighter isn't until 29th NOV., and as for HALLOWEEN, I'd like to think we have it covered ;) 
@user I love Chris Brown  Sept 9 with jthrone 
whos trying to go to Buenos Aires with me February 23rd? Armin van Buuren & Carl Cox! ...how does it get better?! 
Ant-Man review coming tomorrow hope to see you all their! #Fandomreviews #YouTube 
APPLICATIONS ARE DUE THIS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 2!!!    Let this video of YES PREP Senior Signing Day inspire you as... 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler are hosting the Golden Globes in January. Best news today! 
Just said farewell to a bottle of Glenlivet in the company of Fleetwood Mac. Adieu mon cheri! 
@user I know it's so good! There's a marathon on comedy central. And yeah that really blows. Do you work tomorrow? 
"Skye: Wouldn't mind getting my human hands on Thor. He's so dreamy. Coulson: Sure, he's handsome, but - May: [interrupting] No. He's dreamy." 
"It's the Rd 1 Dustin Johnson show rearing its head again at another major. He leads by two, but Sat and Sun will tell the tale #PGAChamp" 
Kristin Chenoweth says she is glad to be in Bethlehem for Saturday performance 
@user Look for a live version of """"Just Older"""", it's one of my favorites. And if they play """"Blaze of Glory"""" in July, I'll die. &lt;3" 
It's a sunny SausageFest Saturday afternoon but if we are going 2 make it 2 church on time it's time to slow up the pace! Eric Church 2night 
'Milan' appeared on Monday 14 at the 17th place in the Top20 of Stockholm's Trends: #trndnl 
$1 pancakes at ihop tomorrow, who am i going with!? 
@user Nice :) you have good taste in music.. J dilla, 9th wonder, Hieroglyphics-S.O.M, Blu, Big L, Mobb deep (: 
End of the 2nd. 3-1. Jason for all 3. Keep it up boys! 
@user @user Good luck to all Pitch Battlers. May the best pitch win! 
@user @user Can confirm first-hand, Paul McCartney was fantastic on Friday night. Worth dealing with the human detritus." 
October 17th - November 3rd, Don’t miss the Company of Fools performance of The Woman In Black!! 
@user The really interesting people are the ones who take their shirts off in the sun because they saw Twilight. 
Nice day here in London today as we wish Prince George (third in line to the throne!) a happy 2nd Birthday! 
@user  Are you a hot dog fan, Dustin?  Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day...  #HotDiggetyDog" 
@user Hey Regina, I thought you may like this on BBC Rolling Stones: Crossfire Hurricane: Part Two Tony" 
What? The Jaguars may trade to get Tim Tebow from the Jets? God is Good, teams still want him. #TestifyhisGreatness 
Did I miss something?  Just placed an order from Amazon Prime with free 2 day delivery and got a guaranteed date of Sunday?!? 
Busy day tomorrow, staging at bliss instead of sustenio!! Both very cool places. And my last night in Texas. Its gonna be great! :) 
Just remembered I'm going to see AC/DC this Thursday lol 
@user Thanks for your many tweets tonight Milan.  Can't believe I was in the wrong place (MilansOfficial).  You made all fans so happy. 
"I KNOW WE CAN MAKE IT TO 1ST PLACE #TrackOfTheDay Rest Your Love by The Vamps, found with @user Listen now: 
@user Serena remains on top! The younger Williams bts Venus in the sisters' 14th GS matchup, 6-2, 1-6, 6-3. 
Photoset: For the adorable and loveable man, Song Joongki, Happy 27th Birthday! Despite your looks not... 
"Saturday night = NetFlix, my girl, and the internets.  What more does a guy need?" 
@user I agree with Messi being 3rd but my top 3 would be:  1.Hazard 2.Suarez 3.Messi 
"needed something to read on the 4 hour plane ride on Friday so I bought Paper Towns by John Green and I really like it so far, it's funny!!" 
Awesome episode of Big Brother! I'm totally team..#May ? #Cleg ? Love it. #BBScandal 
Congratulations David Cameron! May God bless you &amp; your country. 
@user U proved to be a better scriptwriter than Shazia Ilmi. #Ramdev will end fast or move to Ramlila where he has permission till 30 Aug 
Okay here's a thing July 21 2015 is the day when Justin Bieber FOLLOWED ME and I wont ever forget that date like EVER! 
@user @user Ben Affleck is in EL cuz the students wanted him to be the """"surprise"""" guest at the Izzone campout tomorrow!" 
6 years ago this weekend, I saw AC/DC at United Center on a Friday and Blink-182 in Tinley the next day. it was the best weekend ever. 
in my college class on Thursday this guy who looked like Josh Hamilton sat next to me I was literally about to cry 
@user it may be called Hannibal but the show does revolve around the both of them plus bryan said they are meant to stay together 
"Today in Dubai, Dance Studios JLT celebrated it's 1st anniversary and the International Women's Day, 8th of March,... 
Why spec Noritz? We want to know! Submit a vid before Oct 31 explaining why &amp; you could win an iPad! #NoritzPro 
Wow my last RT. It’s only been 4 years since Verm’s arrival. He’s now Captain and will make his 100th start for AFC on Sat. Time flies. 
"Since Friday, I've been walking around reciting the lyrics to No Vaseline by Ice Cube. It's like I'm a kid again! Wait..." 
Happy Friday! Zac Brown Band is in the neighborhood! See you soon! #ZBB #ZBBinDC #sedc #navyyard 
The Snickerdoodle-Strawberry Ice Cream Sandwich is BACK!!!!  We’ll be at the SR Wed. Night Mkt, Guernville Farm... 
on Friday - Indian media are feel that PM Narendra Modi's labour reforms plan has make the India into a golbal manufactureing hub --- 
@user Taken sitting at the window of the St David’s Hotel Cardiff Bay when Ian and I were celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary. 
"im going to see Paper Towns, im going shopping again, and school starts tomorrow...." 
I will hit up Saks 5th and buy one item, Idc how much it is. I deserve it ^_^ 
"Janet Jackson takes fans behind-the-scenes of her album cover shoot: On Thursday, the 49-year-old... #TheIrfanism" 
"I’mma probably just watch """"Good Deeds"""" for like the 3rd or 4th time!" 
Happy Birthday  Steve McMichael  Oct/17/1957  Former American College &amp; professional football player in the NFL.... 
Ok guys. Hate on SJP all you want, just remember, you have school tomorrow. #havefun 
Rahul Gandhi will have to wait until 30th Feb to become PM of India in future&amp;only he can do it. @user 
Rise and shine! Start your week with yoga at @user every Monday at 9am 
We just had a great time with Joyce Coronel with The Catholic Sun.  She interviewed several families who are going to see the Pope. 
God bless Angela Merkel and the people of Germany . . . Leading the way. May the UK government follow their example 
"Isaiah's prayer tonight: """"...and God, thank you for all the wonderful animals you made. Like bears, lions, tigers and pterodactyls."""" Love th" 
"You definitely wanna check in tomorrow for #TheCruzShow, Ice Cube will be talking to us! 5-10 AM  only on @user you already know!" 
"#WhenICaught Saturday night Fever, I quit my job, moved to Brooklyn, and listened only to the Bee Gees." 
MNF tonight! Let's go Sexy Rexy! 
Did you know that over half our workforce are Nursing Staff (57%). We'll be celebrating 3377 of them tomorrow on Nurses Day #ind2012 
@user this is the best i've seen from kpop with soshi as exception. but then again they may be really famous in korea 
Aye @user yo 3rd round was really ah definition of ah muthafuckin body like usaid.... Kmsl that the best ending ever 
@user RT: ""@popstarmagazine @user #SOTSWithPopstar I love all the artists but Shawn may be my ..."" 
@user Good Luck Sylvain with your media debut today and even more luck for the season and the game against Spurs. #comeonyoublues 
The Foo Fighters show has a lot of diversity. In the white people that attend a concert on a Tuesday night. 
@user @user Listen here hot stuff, the only thing to look forward to in January is the Ravens run to the Superbowl. 
And the wonder years and state champs are touring together and I get to see my first Rousey fight in Dec? I keep getting good news today 
Thank you all for coming to the stream tonight! Very laid back tonight :D Tomorrow! We play Minecraft and more! :D 
@user National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow, according to that calendar you found. 
DC tomorrow! Stoked to see friends at American, Georgetown and elsewhere. Text me if you are free. #fb 
Copper River Salmon will be in the house tomorrow - don't miss your chance to enjoy this Alaskan delicacy! 
We will cap our fall season with the Halloween game on Sunday at 1pm! 
He could become the 3rd manager ever to win 3 European Cups behind Paisley and Ancelotti and yet still be in his mid-40s. 
RT @user I'm exited about friday! No offense but who is Tonga? NZ can't just make up names and countries. Play fair. 
"At the Chicago concert on June 2, Liam and Zayn ripped off Harry's shirt in the middle of his WMYB solo. It was a beautiful moment." 
I watched Good Deeds again today with @user Thanks for coming through girl, was having a boring sunday before you came through.. 
Zumba with @user and easy day tomorrow..ina dress. #interesting 
We will be LIVE shortly with Apple's September 9th iPhone -- and more -- launch. Starts at 9am PST. via @user 
Four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000. Here’s where I mention that I’m pouring wine for a Friday night with Diablo III. #meta #classy 
"Gonna go to the city this weekend (saturday most likely), shop a bit and watch Ant-Man, cause hell, I wanna see it!" 
Grand Opening for  Villa Sneakers is Sat 20th with Club's 937 Lv and Ricky Burns at 10am | 
@user @user   Tomorrow afternoon!  Ventura is daily. Hopefully it will contain a ton of returns! 
#NW Red Tails for the 1st time!!! 
I may not be a fan of Beyonce but i respect her. She's a grown woman with a beautiful family doing her thing. Go ahead girl 
U2 concerts in Ireland at the end of November possibly?! YESSS! Hope I get tickets! Stuff of dreams to see U2 live. Heroes. 
See how IBM &amp; @user are transforming content sync and sharing in the cloud. Join us tomorrow: 
Win tickets to see Janet Jackson at the Air Canada Centre on September 15th! 
Jays are now 2.5 games back of the Yankees for 1st place. won 7 in a row and David Price is 2-0 as a Blue Jay!  6-0 over the yankees #MLB 
"""Over Again"" is the 2nd Ed song on TMH. A ballad where Harry, Niall, Liam, Zayn and Louis sound most comfortable via @user 
@user Love Winter Soldier. Incredibly close 3rd cause of its ramifications on the MCU. But I had too much fun with Ant-Man. 
"I love the """"on time"""" part=> @user Axl Rose shows up on time, gives Jimmy Kimmel 1st live TV interview in 20 years 
It was cloudy all day - started playing Bob Marley, the sun comes out &lt;3 #Jahbless 
It's Wedding Wednesday! Today on the blog we are sharing a gorgeous Gladstone Hotel wedding. 
@user Thursday is Thor's day, if you wanna get picky about it you're gonna need to rename the days of the week too" 
"RT @user Curtis Painter is totally going to get lucky tonight, probably with another girl that looks just like him" 
this friday at the arlene francis center!!! kinship, not to reason why, echorev, girls in suede and iditarod! doors at 7 :) 
That was a nice nod seeing Ice Cube writing the screenplay for FRIDAY. Another movie directed by F. Gary Gray. 
[OSHODI] Oliseh delighted with Super Eagles test game - Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has expressed pleasure at the p... 
The Sting becomes the knew world champion on Monday night raw. John Cena retains his United States world champion  
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says his side is hoping to benefit from a wounded Arsenal when they meet on Saturday. Despite the London te... 
Galaxy Note 5 may come with Exynos 7420 and no microSD card slot 
Somewhere, my mother just sat straight up in bed. "Is that...a cowboy hat? ARE THERE BABIES INVOLVED?" ::she desperately clicks on Amazon:: 
@user Yeah girl, Disney tomorrow and Zac Brown on Saturday! Let's have lunch Saturday if you're not busy" 
@user Wife & I made a day trip from Paris just to see The Ladykillers matinee last Wed. Absolutely loved the show! 
"Later today: Cowboys and Aliens, good food, My Chemical Romance and Blink 182 show with @user and her friends. Jazzed 2 teh max!" 
@user Sorry about the Sharknado 3 tweet. Forgot you must wait until Sat. to see it. Won't say any more but think you'll enjoy it. 
@user   - Carly Fiorina really came off very well in her 2nd tier Rep debate. Jim you need an opportunity to the same with the Dems 
@user Time for the sun to set at 4pm, and bask in twilight until 9am the next day! :D" 
"TONITE on Sunday = Sound Day! 21.30 at Lap.Oremti Arco raya, Parung. Dont miss it lads, see you soon!" 
Everytime the steelers are playing on sunday night football the first thing i get fired up for is ike taylor introducing himself 
@user Looks like you guys had fun in 'sunny' Scotland...looks as if there'll be some hungover'tones today... #hadto x 
I posted on FB for the first time in years to only post links from the Black Friday songs from J.Cole and Kendrick lmao 
Come see Sac Ay Lait this Friday at the Creative Alliance!... 
Samsung has introduced their two new smartphones last Friday - the Galaxy S6 edge+ and Galaxy Note 5!  Stay Ahead... 
@user fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november 9? It should be heavenly 
"Begin your Monday with the new Iron Maiden's single ""Speed Of Light"" --- -- Eddie is back!" 
Finally gonna buy my own camera tomorrow ! I'm so excited, I'll be able to take pictures with something else than my old ipod. 
"I like Ice Cube, better than any of NWAs songs after the 1st album. Death Certificate is MY LP. 2015 &amp;we still bustin up the chiffarobe" 
I reached nirvana. Walking back from camping on a sunny Sunday morning listening to some good music. Can't beat it. 
Okay. My sister is freaking out because Allstar isn’t playing at the Wildwood Show tomorrow LMFAOOOO! 
PVR is set.RT@craigyferg Lovely @user on the show Fri.Until that beeyotch showed up Andy Rooney & I were the hottest mamacitas on CBS 
@user haha! This weekends crazy esp w/ mike working but I’m throwing you a welcome home 20th birthday 3.0 when you get back from FL 
Hey everyone go vote so the POPE vs Woodstock game can be shown live on TV on Friday!           
#tbt WWA Concert back in August. Best day of my life! 
@user Curtis is going down as the 2nd best Mets FA signing(Beltran #1) 
Retirement moves: Little-known IRA shift may save you money 
I mean fuck Snoop Dogg, Nas is coming to the fair tomorrow now!!! 
studying anatomy & watching Army Wives is what the rest of my night consist of, can’t wait for a little break with @user tomorrow! 
If Kendrick and Cole drop they're album in February watch Drake drop his a week after just to kill there buzz. That would smart marketing 
@user best: The Strokes (their 1st concert in 5 years), Coldplay or Paul McCartney under the rain in the Isle of Wight festival!" 
"If Todd Gurley isn't the 1st overall pick idk what the hell these NFL scouts are watching, he's by far the most dominant player in CFB" 
@user 12 days of Christmas! On the 8th day it has to be @user new choc stars! 
"Karime is SO EXCITED there's no school tomorrow... 
Bryce Harper is 0-18 against Matt Harvey. Harper will lead off the 3rd inning against Harvey. 
@user Yeah the lady teaching the class said Oyster stamps were the best place for them. Might wait til I've been to Donny on Sunday 
"Hulk Hogan offers self as running mate for the Donald. Perfect! He is equally serious ""politician"" 
"i may not be JOHN LEGEND to give you ""ALL OF ME"" but i can be ED SHEERAN to ""LOVE YOU TILL WERE 70""  Good Evening. :)" 
@user @user hit Cool Out at the Gin Mill for a special Sunday night edition. Then Doublewide or the Goat for the late night! 
Best thing I've done before starting my 2nd year of college? Finally reading Harry Potter. Well worth the wait @user 
"Wondering what you made of 1st episode of Jimmy McGovern's 2nd series of 'Accused'? In my view, Sean Bean good but Stephen Graham excellent." 
@user flowers again for toni next sunday? hehe! congratulations to the ultimate multimedia star toni gonzaga! 
@user thank you, very much appreciated, hoping to deliever great football tweets and good banter, shame about tuesday, i do like Sunderland 
@user It's nice to get out of here at 5 though I won't lie. May go see Snoop Dogg at Bluesfest tonight 
Federer saved 4 BP (from 0/40) and holds for 2-2 in the 2nd set. 
Janet Jackson is going on tour and coming to Portland in January. My life is complete. 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. BUT ... we think it's fine to celebrate early. 
I remember having to watch the Daytona 500 for Mr. Hoak’s class in 7th grade. #goodtimes @user 
Just sinking in that I go to see the Foo Fighters on Sunday. I'm actually going to see Dave Grohl perform. Insane. 
Then The Chris brown concert the 19th with the niggas! 
Make a wwe world heavyweight championship match on Monday night raw with Seth Rollins vs roman reigns and you can BELIEVE THAT 
Friday night with Eric Church!! 
"The spurs may have won the battle, but not the war!" 
"Escape the Room this weekend, 3rd Row Phillies next weekend, Jason Aldean Aug 15 if I can win tickets! #BirthdayMonth" 
Jen crying over her picture on the 8th season of Big Brother is still one of the best moments in television. @user can back me up. 
@user @user Pretty sure some kids (like me) know where that is coming from - the unveiling of Nokia..ahem, I mean the 1st iPhone 
"Niall's going to be 22 in 12 days NO ONE'S GONNA BE 22, I'LL LOCK HIM IN FOREVER21!1! *prepares squad* C'mon!" 
Tomorrow presents human rights defender Nabeel Rajab to the eliminate non independent in #Bahrain  @user @user 
My favourite runway so far during Paris Fashion Week was #LouisVuitton. It bring us back the SUN #Yellow 
Floyd Mayweather fight September 12! Come on down for the excitement &amp; grab your seat early !! #MayweatherBerto 
Song of Da' nite * Powerslave * by Iron Maiden outta' the Jus' Blabbin' music vault . Ohh yaa ..... enjoy all &amp; happy Friday nite = ;-)) 
This time tomorrow we'll be in very good company as David Beckham receives the #hmvFE20 award! 
"July 19th is National Ice Cream Day. Ice cream typically contains vitamins A, which is very important for the... 
"""""Diana: A Celebration"""" is officially OPEN to the public! Our hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. today, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow." 
Stir it up | Bob Marley  Yep it's that kinda Saturday 
"One class tomorrow, done at 11 and then going home. Ready to witness an Oklahoma upset on Saturday! #cyclONEnation" 
OK tomorrow I gotta watch the rest of I remember you and NARUTO THE LAST I CANT WAIT OH MY GOD THE WEABOO SIDE IS SHOWING ITS SELF 
Take care (geddit) to see A Celebration of Harold Pinter at IP on Sat Aug 25 with celebrated actor Julian Sands - 01943 609539 for tickets 
@user I completely agree. It sucks how it worked out but flash back to the 7th innings vs Kershaw when you over use a pitcher. 
Kendrick and J Cole out here saving rap with their Black Friday freestyles....they killing it man.. 
IK is going to Pew tomorrow 2 meet families of Shuhada of Army Public School.He should have been there with them on Eid nd after Eid 
GOAL! Kane 1-0 England   His 3rd in 4 internationals. Shaw with a great pull back and Kane slams it home with his left.   #ENGvSWI 
"For everyone who enjoyed Rain with us, see Paul McCartney live in Detroit! 
Hope every celebrating Eid had a fantastic time!!! We will be open from tomorrow again at 12pm. Thank you for... 
When Dunkin' Donuts actually get your order right on a Saturday morning you know it's going to be a good day 
Happy September 28th! - midorilied: Aka: The day Raccoon City was fucked Have a good night. 
Happy 30th Birthday to David Price! He is 3-0 with a 1.78 ERA in 4 starts with the #BlueJays. 
@user Set a reminder: October 6. Get ready to join the celebration around #AllDayBreakfast, Nicki!" 
Boise State's jerseys for the game Saturday are sick.  You won't be dissapointed. 
"Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch. This Sunday im'ma make you mine!"  Phenomenal promo by Cena. -Matt 
Lovely George Harrison story when he was shown first ever Beatles website. Via @user 
please please follow me' thank u for come to mexico the 30 september I LOVE U SO MUCH :$ #nsn :BBB <3 
I swear Dustin Johnson is winning at the end of the 1st-3rd rounds of every golf major 
"Dang it I still need to make a folder of all my favorite pics of Naruto, Yibo, and Bambam... I'll do it tomorrow while finishing Jail." 
@user drake will be in Ohio June 6th with waka flocka j cole 2chainz and a bunch of other really good artist. We're fuggin going!!! 
"less than 24 hours before the 2012 season begins, hope to see you in Gregory Gym tomorrow night at 6 p.m. #HookEm #PointTexas" 
Amazon Prime day might be better than Black Friday for real 
The worst thing about going back to school tomorrow is not being able to watch Game of Thrones all day. 
"Christian Ponder may be a third-string quarterback, but he will always be a winner for wifing up Samantha." 
Thinking about going to the White Sox on the 25th to cheer for the #RedSox #redsox :-) 
Love that James Bond montage at the end of Super Sunday by Sky 
Bingo with Curtis!  Tonight at 7pm on the 1st Floor in the Community Room. 
Ice Cube. the film the 46 year old L.A. native wed to Kimberly Woodruff-takes Us back. 
Just one more day to go -&gt;&gt; Madonna's Rebel Heart Tour starts tomorrow. What to expect?! 
I have @user hearts warming eve gift is done I will give it to twilight on Monday 
Good luck ladies at Auburn and Ok State as you begin Recruitment today!!! 
"#happy #beautiful On May 15, within weeks of the Iraqi government's recapture of the city of Tikrit from Islam...  
Gotta have me a boyfriend by December that way he’ll be good & mended by time Valentine’s Day get here! Lol! I need all that!!! 
we may not have the civil trailer but we're gonna get rdj and chris evans on jimmy kimmel. and this is pure happiness. 
Seeing Jason aldean for the 13th time today... Yup 
@user i love doing that, hey we are running the fox run tomorrow together k ? lets try and beat the record 
Happy Birthday to Roman Abramovich the man who made everything possible, I hope we’ll give him his present on the 28th.   #CFC 
@user LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL Im a SG on the Bucks so Im on a good team, but under Monta Ellis. Whats your position? Were you picked 3rd? 
When you're about to not go to school to go see Justin.  
"""""@PunkinPwincess: David Guetta is coming to Fort Canning at 11 October :3 OMG OMG OMG! :3"""" Will b going :D" 
@user I hope all your loved ones back in Maryland are okay! I didn’t see you, Wednesday. :) 
@user ohh cool, start going to FCA on Thursday mornings! 
"One screening of @user tonight at 8pm, &amp; last screening tomorrow to see the incredible Cate Blanchett. 
Anyone else just realize it's National Ice Cream Day and wanna join me in starting our diets tomorrow? 
It's National Ice Cream Day see you tomorrow Instagram. 
Gonna have to DVR this Isner and Federer match... This thing is good. Getting ready to head to a tiebreaker in the 1st set. #USOpen2015 
"Had a great chat with top international referee Dave Pearson. Bit in tomorrow's Journal, & big feature nearer the Rugby World Cup kick-off." 
"#FFF Favourite Film Friday... """"Jack the Bear"""" (1993). A young boy learns that real horror does not necessarily always come from Halloween!!!" 
Had a great night at the club and now just chilling before going to the pit of doom for the night! Will be playing HF again tomorrow..... 
I can't wait for Zayn tomorrow when he just attend the VMAS it's going to be fire. 
"With the passing of Frank Gifford, let's remember what a positive leader he was - &amp; appreciate every day! The sun... 
"Bill Maher may be a little out there, but he does make some points." 
"New wish time :) 12.00 he meets harry, liam, niall and louis and his surgery goes well 
For the 1st time, Federer has beaten No.1 and No.2 players in the ATP Rankings in consecutive matches en route to a title. #CincyTennis 
Tomorrow will be the best day of my life. Calibraska and Vidcon I've never been so happy 
Fancy an enhanced acca on your Sunday morning? Take the 9/1 on Espanyol, Lazio & Heracles all winning! 
"Hope everyone's have a nice weekend. Here's the latest WWE Power Rankings: August 7, 2015  01 Seth Rollins 02... 
"Listening to the liverpudlian accent on the tv, actually can't wait to pick it up in September if I make it to uni #ohyes ;)" 
"Kendrick Lamar's ""Black Friday Freestyle"" is one of the Best Songs of the Week. 
seeing Paul McCartney sing Blackbird live tonight may or may not be the highlight of my life so far 
Great news indeed for #Reem the teen who talked to Angela Merkel #German can do it very well too! 
Might just have to catch @user for the 3rd time and @user for the 1st time with my money saved for Frank Ocean lol 
"Matt Adams ties it up - 1st HR Bumgarner has allowed this post-season. Adams can't hit lefties, but he's taken MadBum &amp; Kershaw deep. #NLCS" 
Another mint Monday off. Currently watching David Beckham into the unknown. What a specimen. 
@user @user I may as well be Naruto with how much I like ramen. 
@user I've waited a long time to meet you off the field...tomorrow I get to interview you. Welcome to Ole Miss! 
I'm sitting down on my 10th hour of Game Of Thrones eatin girl scout cookies, does it look or even sound like I care what your thoughts are? 
"David Wright's ""SAFE!"" celebration while still sliding is going to be the cover of at least one of the NYC sports sections tomorrow." 
Holy shit Murray &amp; Anderson have been battling for 4+ hours on Grandstand. Only the 4th set. #USOpen 
when the 1st season of Naruto was airing the moment I stepped inside my classroom my friend and me would SCREAM about it for like 2 hours 
@user ||: Yeah. It kind of made me chuckle when she tried hitting on Batman. I may have to plan some SL's with her. 
"Piers Newbery : @user  Murray breaks back in the 3rd, huge roar, crowd loving it. Not sure Lamps expe...... 
Nine Goa Congress legislators want to join us: BJP: Panaji, Oct 31: Goa’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to... 
Early release bc Obama will be at the College across the street from my high school tomorrow. Nice. 
Register as a participant ASAP! You’ll get the early price till November 15 2012 after that, you’ll get the normal price. Win cool prizes 2! 
BJ Penn vs. Nick Diaz replay on FuelTv! I’d pay to watch it a 2nd time! 
the best mom award goes to my mom for getting me tickets to go see Carrie Underwood and Hunter Hayes in concert this Sunday! #ahhhhhh <3 
"The Christmas Party is one week away :) Friday night, December 18, at the Curtis home. Please bring a festive... 
I only saw Hot Rod live once, when he fought Ric Flair at This Tuesday in Texas. It's not on the PPV. It was just for us. 
@user YES!! I do love a bit of Zac Brown Band on my Sunday &lt;3 Thank you so much :- ) 
Two coaches mentioned are now on Alabama's staff. That alone will make Finebaum worth it tomorrow. #OldHabitsPawwl @user 
"Wow. New Jay pitcher David Price comes as advertised. 8 innings, 11 strikeouts, 1st win as a Blue Jay! Bring it!" 
@user @user hahaha I'm going with my cousin to meet her at Westfield Parramatta tomorrow - so I'll buy it then :) Pumped! 
1500:1 Vegas odds on Paul Dunne actually making it to the final rnd.. No matter what happens be proud!! Go get it Mon bud!! #AmateurChampion 
Paper Towns is even better the 3rd time 
if your going to MetLife tomorrow.. HAVE FUN 
If your pupils can use an iPad better than you can then this course may well be ideal for you - 
@user FCA is tomorrow, I’d love to see you there Kenadee 
May the Lord give you Jay-Z and Beyonce's kinda love... No way that relationship is fake or for social media 
Happy 50th Birthday Michelle Obama! We're winding down our Friday with our favorite FLOTUS quotes! # 
Make sure you eat plenty of ice cream this Sunday! It's National Ice Cream Day! 
"I'm at Hyena's Comedy Club in Dallas all weekend with the hilarious Jason Russell. Thursday shows are always FREE, so you have no excuses." 
Kris Bryant is the 2nd best baserunner in Major League Baseball: 
"Be inspired by a stunning fashion parade from CIT fashion students at the Belconnen Arts Centre Melbourne Cup Lunch, it's on 6 November." 
BAM LIFESTYLE Nike's Online Raffle System May Have Finally Beaten the Bots 
@user i think you're thinking of Katy Perry's Last Friday Night? that vid is pretty funny. not really selling sex 
@user You can breathe a sigh of relief now the Queen of the Nerds is back. You’ll have to look out at SJP tomorrow too :) 
Conor McGregor is jokes man, he tears em all apart at that conference, looking forward to Dec. 12th 
"Biggie Smalls sounds SO good 1st thing in the morn. Still tired but in a much better mood. *throw hands in the air, like I'm a true playa*" 
Paul McCartney playing as the sun sets in Chicago was definitely one of the most beautiful things I've ever witnessed ok 
How To Find Your Links In Google - Proportionately you may light, part of getting ranked high on Google or... 
Nothing like eating pizza watching John Cena wrastle with the roomie on a Monday night @user 
@user haha! Well I was kinda hoping to see Lou tomorrow night so don’t think I’m going to, but if she’s busy then I might aswell! 
I'm taking my women's networking group to see Magic Mike XXL tomorrow and many of them are over 60 so this is going to be a good time. 
Gayathri Kumar. @user Have you seen these handsome Katy Perry images? You may wonder: 
@user yayaaya, it's okay I only sent it this morning haha :) VANILLA FUDGE?! &amp; I can't wait it's on Sunday :) xx" 
@user to be fair i do like your current chosen charity as nat will be having our second kid at the womens tuesday 
Indiana men’s 1st basketball game tonight!!! Lets go Hooisers!!! #indianamensbasetball #1game #love 
"Mixin it up. Playlist from the Winans """"Tomorrow"""" to @user """"Today"""" to @user """"Good day"""" to @user """"It is well"""" YUP!" 
"T.G.I.F.: National Hot Dog Day is Saturday, July 18th.  Where to find the best hot dog in Orlando?  Stop by Hot... 
"I was at Eid in the Park, an event hosted by The Ark from Glasgow on Sunday. Fantastic Day, thanks to all involved! 
"Saturday night: eating donuts, drinking a slushie & watching Sons of Anarchy sans pants. Living the dream, people. Just living the dream." 
@user Well it was either that or watch you play Raccoon City, so.. I think I may have won?" 
@user can you please come to SXSW in Austin in March?I've wanted to see you for years & it would be amazing if you played a show here! 
Tomorrow we will be proud to play at the Remembrance Service at South Hetton church 
Alan Pardew comparing Colloccini to Bobby Moore is like comparing wanking to sex, everybody knows that the 2nd choices are 10x better 
Prince George Has the Cutest Plans to Celebrate His 2nd Birthday #Fashion #Coverage 
@user in a sense she did in the MMA plus she was ranked 7th and Dana White is in a state of shock. Ronda has one more shot at her 
@user Hey you two, tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day" 
At last ! a little bit of Indian #Summer for the #Netherlands Bob Marley &amp; Funk Star Deluxe - Sun is shining (REMIX) 
"I really want flor and Milan to open their presents, I don't want to wait till Friday" 
Sharknado 3 may have been the best one 
Meek drooped like a Jay-z album the 2nd &amp; 3rd time you hear it. You will understand it and Fall in love with it 
@user I put it on my laptop a while back, I thought it may be a little boring, but it’s surprisingly not, plus it’s hosted by Hammond;) 
@user hi john im interviewing antonio carluccio tomorrow, what mushroom question will make a good one?x" 
Fun date night with my girl. Home early. Ice my aching body. Wish i had Netflix right about now.... 
. En f we fail 1st we wl chase 4 top 4 finish at the  end like Arsenal nachukia walai walai #quote 
Watch her stock go up Sept 17th. How Carly Fiorina earned a spot on the big stage at the GOP debate 
@user Ohh wooow, it’s pretty asl (thnx google) . We in it. Haha. Anywhoo I’m going to sleep. We gotta chill soon, or Sunday. :P 
@user I received the best gift anyone could ask for!!! JUSTIN BIEBER TICKETS! See you in Jun in Lincoln Justin!!! #PURPOSETOUR 
"Paul Dunne, Danny Willett, Anyone of 25 players can win the Open tomorrow, exciting stuff, on that note Goodnight my friends" 
June 13 is now officially Matt Cain Day every year in San Francisco. I'm just hoping to someday have a wing place name a sauce after me 
@user see you on Monday!!! SM Bacolod!!! woooohhhh 
comedy central is a good look tonight 
Arsenal transfer news: Gunners ready to sign Simone Zaza in January with Juventus open to sale ...: Arsenal lo... 
Literally all the best Mariah Carey songs. All of them. 
But! Murray takes the tie break in the 3rd set and we've got GAME ON! 
Circoloco lineup next Monday has just made my day 
@user Nice... May be I don't know much about Islam bt I respect it by heart &amp; I think everybody should respect the other religion. 
"New set this Wednesday. 1st set - originals &amp; 90's country 2nd set - ""bro country"" 3rd set - Eric Church's greatest hits #kinda 
Sixteen Candles Down the Drain: Sunday Inspiration Post! 
Blue Jays win 5th straight behind birthday boy David Price: When the Toronto Blue Jays traded for David Price ... 
Making sure I get the most use out of my Amazon Prime account is my Saturday morning ritual. 
"Let us pray for Christians who are victims of persecution, so that they may know how to respond to evil with good. Pope Francis" 
"They've just shown the Paper Towns trailer on tv, and I may have screamed and scared my dog! Very excited to see it! :D" 
He may have been Arsenal, but you can't help but love Thierry Henry at times..... 
"""Watched one of my fave 2011 movies for the 3rd time.Never fails to make me giggle while making me cry and touch my heart.""-Makoy Gamboa, FB" 
@user @user  A.B.O.D Parade past Ardoyne shops on Sat. If we cum down on Boris Bikes will the Shinners be o.k ? Lol 
Apple Special Event: OMG the iMac is paper thin and so gorgeous! Stunning! Thin! 
Mon kemoner station now available on itunes for all Shreya Ghoshal bengali fans - just go and get it 
@user @user johnson was good when he 1st started playing in his chelsea and portsmouth days milner has been shit since day1 
Young or old, rock fan or not, you do not wanna miss AC/DC tomorrow #supershow 
"Ruto's last words: """"You may forget me, but I'll never forget you."""" 
**If you love a great deal-- don't forget Amazon Prime Day is today!    They have "Black Friday" type deals.  I... 
While I was at Taco Bell I got to thinking about Hannibal. I might not be ready to watch the finale but MAYBE I could watch the 2nd to last. 
"if frank ocean drops the first part of 'boy don't cry' tomorrow, all will be well ." 
Frank Gifford was the only sportcaster to do both play by play and color commentary for Monday Night Football. #funfact 
#Apple to unveil iPhone 6s, iPad today. For the first time they are releasing on Wednesday. All their earlier releases were on a Tuesday. 
"George Osborne and IDS should write a joint article in the Sun thanking Burnham, Cooper &amp; Kendall for their support on the Welfare Bill." 
Thanks to Norton Junior School for Friday’s superb Op Anticipate assembly and the fab singing. Katy Perry’s Firework had us beaming all day! 
VIRGO OF THE DAY- We wished our fellow Virgo Captain Michael Jackson a Happy Birthday on the 29th now it's time... 
I'm only just hearing Black Friday..... Kendrick u freed me 
"hi Nicki u famous n I know, but ama keep it short. I love u dearly, though u n d world may think am crazy cos De say I write blindly." 
Twilight spent in hottub with my beloved. No vampires or lycanthropy in sight which was sad. But he kissed me better as we watched sun sink 
@user Will you be on Minecraft now? Also can't wait to see you at Insomnia! Are you there on Sunday? 
Just watched this for the 10th time...Foo Fighters invitation from 1000 people playing 'Learn to Fly'  via @user 
Game over with a final score of 1-0! GO BEARS! We continue to Thursday against Todd Beamer at Curtis high school... 
#WebsiteDesign #news Samsung plans to launch the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus at its Unpacked event this Thursday. It is the... 
"I'll use a more recent example. When was the last time you got excited about a ""new Ice Cube record?"" By most standards he may be top 25 OAT" 
I cried like a baby the 2nd episode of TVD season 6. 
definitely going to ihop tomorrow 
Nothing like watching the Vow on a Friday night. Cheers to cancelled plans and sickness 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! Pay your respects with a Mexican dog from El Perron Hot Dogs! 
"15 years ago today, I was in Prague, for the kickoff of Michael Jackson's HIStory Tour....  Good times & good memories.  #MichaelJackson" 
Niggas In Paris was playing in the waiting room at the clinic and this old lady sat tapping her walking stick and bobbing her head. So cute. 
I loved the Hannibal finale Saturday. It was good enough and open enough to interpretation to please all types of Fannibal. #HannibalMicDrop 
"6 more hrs then off with my hot wife till Wed.  Orillia, Casino and Jeff Foxworthy!!!" 
"It's nice and sunshine here at The Kee Resort today, you may know it from the looks of these orchids near the... 
New class tomorrow! Then I will be one month away from getting my first degree. I'mma do a Kanye West speech when I get it too. 
We go to the 4th as the Cubs lead 3-2 thanks to Kris Bryant's two run home 
5th day in! I have lost the 1 kg I gained during Eid (that I had lost during Ramadan) 9 more to go! I have... 
Representing Bob Marley on our own show day - @user we hope you have an awesome time tomorrow night! #philly 
@user @user OCTOBER  people have principles..& argue passionately for them, about them & ACT on them.  Ghandi, Sadat, ADT, me! 
@user I really and positively dgaf about Ted Nugent’s Bronco rebuild. In fact if I see Bronco with zebra stripes I may have to stfosb. 
I'm taking my grandma to see Jurassic World on Monday since she pussed out on seeing it any time before 
Moto G (3rd Gen.) truly signifies what a life long friendship is all about :) #MotoBffRevealed @user 
@user They'll confirm De Gea tomorrow.. There Real Madrid, they'll get what they want. Hmmm.." 
I think my dad implied that he's getting me a PS4 tomorrow   He's like encrypting everything in emojis so I can't tell 
@user @user Murray I think today you gotta take an L and come back stronger tomorrow 
So @user is back @user and on great form with some much needed George Harrison for a Monday morning. #CoolestBeatle 
@user Hello gary, did'ent realise you where on BBC radio newcastle on a mon night, i love the show and the songs, you on every mon 
"Day 1 at the SoCal College Fair @ Pomona Fairplex--1st person to get to our booth &amp; say """"your story matters"""" wins something special! #doit" 
Here, have this picture of Eric Church that I took from the pit in honor of #chiefweek See ya Friday! 
I was just David Beckham's 14th follower #14thOfMillions 
"I'm playing LIVE at the """"One Cool Weekend"""" in BELFAST on monday as Frankmusik. Yes thats right. I am finally playing in Ireland again." 
City will come 3rd in that group. Sevilla will top it, Juventus runners up 
@user  You can thank me now for an entertaining game next Monday night for the Steelers since you’re playing the Chiefs 
"Us Magazine Kanye West Has the Best Time at 2015 VMAs, Dances to The Weeknd's ""Can't Feel... #news #May #Omg #NFB" 
@user he should walk straight to barca's 1st team. 
Totally buying the new Batman movie on Blu-Ray December 4th! 
"I feel like I'm the star of Jurassic park... Because tomorrow I'm going to be extinct" -my brother 
I'm on the floor eating left over spaghetti for breakfast and watching Seinfeld while the baby naps. Must be Monday #maternityleave 
We may or may not be skyping with Drake right now....hahahahaha #MadeMyNight 
Updating tomorrow but I won't be on twitter much. I love you all and stay Gucci if you need me text me. @user @user 
@user you’re better when we were talking black lacrosse players after we won our 3rd straight all state sugar bowl 
@user you might enjoy these pics I took at Arsenal vs Galatasaray on Wed 
Hope everyone checks out Rusty's Rockfeast: Backstage with the Zac Brown Band on fyi Thursday's at 10p! 
"Paul Dunne living the dream! Shame he's gonna have to pull a sickie from work tomorrow, hope his boss turns a blind eye! #TheOpen2015" 
Decided to make the most of my Amazon Prime, by seeing what all the hype about #RayDonovan is about. 1st episode is heavy going.. 
Even David Bowie is getting in on it: Check out the Persian sound in the 2nd half :) #UnitedColoursOfCroydon 
I like that Bellucci is making Murray work for it in this 3rd set! #usopen @user @user 
@user Goodnight, Niall. I hope tht you have a good day tomorrow. Talk to you soon. God bless you. Sweet dreams, my prince. I love u" 
May 5. BadHabitz heads to Chesters in Appleton, WI to rock the house. Don’t miss this show! 
Tomorrow’s Monday and I’m looking forward for it. Will be hanging out with an old Shatec friend of mine, Ying. Manhattan and ice-skating. :D 
omg happy 2nd birthday to the baby that i'm most obsessed with !!! to little monkey prince george !!! stay adorbs cutie 
@user you coming to the Ole Miss game Saturday???? Hotty Toddy!! 
"how did you spend your saturday night?"  i celebrated beyonce's birthday with her 
@user BBRY's route is more similar to Nokia though, both had great market share, in-house OS and then going with 3rd party OS 
"Chelsea v United, Everton v Liverpool, Bayern v Leverkusen, Marseille v Lyon. I think it's SUPER SUNDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
Out of all of the Nintendo franchises, I wish I could be excited for Pikman 4. C'mon, can't I just have Star Tropics 3? 
"Cherington may have been awful at free agent decisions, but he really did stack this Red Sox team with amazing youth." 
Just in time since we are almost done with the Justified Series on Amazon Prime.  &lt;g&gt; 
"#nw kung fu panda 2. dnt judge me, i like animated movies (plus the 1st one was the shit)." 
@user DUBLIN on Monday :D so excited! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert... Plzzzz say happy birthday Shauna 
Congratulations to NMRHS Marching Band on placing 1st in NESBA competition Saturday& for winning a gold medal at the MICCA competition today 
Being at Hot Jam made me feel like it was a Friday night and the weekend was ahead......Nope it's only Monday Night 
@user broke the story for @user fight. As if Rousey couldn't get cooler, she is bringing MMA mainstream 
@user true, but I thought the 5 on 5 play was pretty even though well into the 3rd. You didn't? That Mighty Thor goal huge." 
"Djibouti Swamp (8-9, 5th, @user ) beats Miggy Smalls (1st, 12-5, @user ) 223-200 MVP - David Price with 60 points" 
@user Photo with Marni and Nic if you have won with steve i may lose it haha nah just kidding love your tweets tad jealous lol 
@user I had high expectactions when I watched because everyone was hyping it so much, I knew Ant-Man would be good after 1st trailer" 
@user It is for the concert The Vamps in Manchester, I wanted to know if it was possible to replace my place of April 17th concert to" 
"News update New Review Update: July 23, 2015 - Adam E. here with four new reviews. Today is National Hot Dog Day, ... 
From 0 to Rebecca Black how happy are you it's Friday? Here's the Live #SerieA TV sched for US&amp;CAN to make it happier 
"Morning everybody - weather's great, and I hope you all enjoy this Tuesday.   As U2 would say.... 
Cant wait for the UCLA midnight madness tomorrow night 
@user  go to this poetry slam w me Saturday. Bentley's iced coffee is the best in Tucson 
@user navy it is so! Kerry is Wed-Fri. I'll be sending an SOS have no fear ;@) 
Proud!! Masche &amp; Messi scored, Neymar &amp; Rafi scored (Tue.), Alba and Iniesta (Sat.) &amp; were the only goalscorers in these games. #interlands 
"In case you need any ideas for National Ice Cream Day on Monday, we're just gonna put this picture riiiiiiight here. 
Imm make that Katy Perry snap for my niggas tomorrow 
"All glory, Honor and everlasting Thanksgiving to the God of Israel! Happy 3rd day!!! #MCGIThankfulToGOD 
Thanks very much Shawn! I hope you're having a great Monday! 
"fingers crossed for Paul McCartney at the FNC this October. Toronto is nice, but i'd like to avoid the border at all costs." 
Just saw Frank Gifford died -- may he rest in peace. 
@user I may have an Android phone by the time I get back to school! :) 
@user I pretty sure none of those fans regret not being there to see Harper strike out in the 9th on a pitch in the dirt. 
only my cousin would get to go to kenny chesney and jason aldean twice lol see you friday @user 
stuffing my face with fried chicken and chinese take out while listening to kpop is my saturday night aesthetic 
@user Only with Progressive Liberal Love 1st people like Bernie Sanders &amp; Joe Biden can America stay steady Mature of Love Forward first 
Great to see Sun Girl in Last Days of Ant-Man. Be great if she survived Secret Wars! Do the right thing @user =) 
"Say what you want about George Osborne, he is a tremendous orator and political operator. Bookies may as well pay out now him replacing DC" 
Today: The Last Two Wisconsin Recalls (For Now) // Keep up the extraordinary work Wisconsin! 
"So long summer, school is definitely back in... Saturday on the couch with a movie and school work. And confirming Eid travel plans :)" 
"When Ostrovsky, 33, finally addressed the charges dismissed, Kane did claim one victory Monday, a Pacific Standard partner site." 
OMG!!!!!!! Slaughterhouse is gonna be dropping a mixtape with Gangsta Grillz sometime before August 28th!!!!! :D 
Classes on Tuesday, so you can expecto patronum me to think of Harry Potter when the word professor comes up 
Happy 20th Birthday Amazon! Amazon Prime day is bigger than black friday! Support QCHF, save money, and feel... 
The Weeknd coming to Oracle with Travi$ Scott in December.. Oh my. 
Saturday’s UFC on Fuel TV looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of UFC 151. No surprise 151 got cancelled. 
next monday is going to a year since my wwa show and niall's bday I am so emo 
"May the auspicious occasion of Eid , bless you with peace and bring joy to your heart and home. best regards Hamayoon Amanzai" 
@user You know, the day after Kurt Cobain killed himself I saw Sheffield Wednesday beat QPR 5 - 0. 
"Stop by Friendship Village tomorrow 4 ""Star Wars Day""! I'll be talking about the history of SW &amp; also displaying some of my collection." 
Eric church on the radio &amp; its casual friday. Life is good man 
"All I want for Christmas is licensing please August Alsina, Future, Kendrick Lamar, Miguel, Rick Ross , Lil Wayne... 
Disptaches from the Tea Room: this afternoon we hosted a Gluten Free Feast for a lovely member of staff who is leaving tomorrow. 
Only perfect counts for @user #BeTheDifference  Order the new Real Madrid 3rd jersey at 
Oh thursday.. Listening to pandora 1st-> Taking Back Sunday then it goes to Dashboard & then old Blink 182.. pretty good start to the day! 
Jurassic Park Collection with all the 4 movies!  Coming out in Italy October 7th 
Thursday I was at Eric Church, last night I was at OAR, tonight I'm in my pajamas already watching Cars. Rock star life. 
Dear friends New York is calling and from 13th to 22 october I'll exhibit in Chelsea with the famous gallerist Nina Torres..I can't wait.. 
Ben Amos doing well @user .Another clean sheet. He says he’s enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football. #MUFC 
this is from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks... a beautiful moment of UNITY in the midst of tragedy. #paris 
@user  Team Undertaker right here. Thinking we may see Kane tonight though. 
@user Concerned. If Murray can win this 3rd set, I think/hope he can win the match :)" 
James Franklin just took a TO on 4th and 32 to take a safety down 3. I don't have the words. #geniuscoach 
good luck to all the Juniors tomorrow :) 
Little brother just asked me if I'm down to binge watch Seinfeld...there goes my Sunday night lolol. 
Moto G - 3rd Gen is here. My first Android phone. Lets see what the fuss is! :P 
Worked yesterday then the Chris Brown concert, worked again today and got a full day tomorrow, too... Im ready for another cruise! #Vacation 
"Happy birthday gay, see you Monday. IMMA FUCKING JUMP ON YOU OKAY! Have a good day my love, love you lots @user 
In three hours time our boys will be taking on AmaZulu FC at Orlando Stadium in the 8th game of the #AbsaPremiership #OnceAlways #UpTheBucs 
Nollywood rising with October 1 - Kunle Afolayan is the most important ambassador the Nigerian government does n... 
#WEHO: @user is leading the pack for a THE CARTERS: Lil Wayne, Beyonce, and Jay-Z ride Thursday at 5:30pm! Grab a bike! 
Come &amp; Celebrate Prince George's 2nd Birthday with Us! Complimentary Ice Cream for Kids !  #RoyalBaby #birthday #icecream #celebration 
Ed Sheeran may be the best musically talented person of this generation 
@user I wouldn't mind meeting up one day - picking the Bentley up today but we're always in Chelsea on a Sat. 
Delighted for that young man Paul Dunne making the British Isles so proud today.  A bad round tomorrow &amp; you'll be Irish again #TheOpen2015 
I need to go buy a shirt tomorrow or today to make for the Sam Smith concert next weekend I mean a week from today! Can't wait! 
"25-year-old Dallas Seavey wins Iditarod - Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race Tuesday, becoming the y... 
David Cameron considering taking Syrian refugees from UN  camps makes sense may stop the masses paying the traffickers who trade on misery 
Wow Toowoomba tomorrow with stan walker!!:) so good 
@user @user I'll be home from work by around 9 EST latest, if y'all want to start a PS4 party for that tomorrow" 
Holy shit I just realized my Ed Sheeran concert is a week from tomorrow oh my god !!??!?! 
Portland, make sure and catch @user this Wednesday at 8 at Alberta Rose Theater. I'm hoping for at least 4 Michael Jackson covers. 
So... Uh guys. Sharknado is tomorrow. Would anyone wanna celebrate it with me on WadaTwitter 
Watching The Kandi Factory with Viggle Mon | 3:30PM | Bravo HD  Get real rewards just for watching TV. #TheKandiFactory #viggle 
Obama gets Iran victory, TABOR gets another black eye, &amp; Rick Perry prepares for the end. #copolitics #copols #coleg 
Fuck my bets and potential winnings!!  I want Paul Dunne to win this!   C'mon Paul!!  #TheOpen2015 
"Best In Show: Paris Fashion Week Roundup: As all you BeTrenders know, Paris Fashion Week is coming to close today (October 3rd 2012)...." 
I just found out that it’s his birthday last Thursday.. :/  ....  Belated Happy Birthday Francis M.. :] 
@user as in Colton? Lol but okayyy (: lemme know. I may be living in the library tonight studying for this exam :/ 
I have the same feeling about going home tomorrow as I get before my family &amp; I go on a trip to Disney World. #CantSleep #SoExcited 
nick jonas and justin bieber soundtracking my last day in the sun... 
The last known person on planet earth to own a Nokia button phone, my mother, got an iPhone on Friday. A 73 yo played with Spotify today. 
"#GetShawnToYourCountry #GetShawnToMexico ending the 12 day of the mission ""get Shawn here now"". Tomorrow I'll try to tweet more :)" 
Just about recovered from a mad two weeks of events. Foo Fighters at the MK Bowl tomorrow. Gonna rock out and recharge! 
@user Congratulations on you celebrating British kid singers Sophia Grace’s and Rosie’s 1st Anniversary of a visit of your show. How 
To the cool kids of LCC! Halloween Party tomorrow! G? :) 
Liam was the 2nd best singer of 1D when Zayn was in 1D.... now he is #1 and Harry is on 2nd spot.  
Celebrating St George’s Day, the Bard’s Birth Day or even World Book Day? April 23rd is a great day for history, heritage & culture. Enjoy! 
SOGIC and #LawyersWithPride are getting ready for the Pride Parade in Vancouver this Sunday. Hope to see you there! 
"Happy Birthday, Prince George!! May the sun shine ever so brightly for you today!  
another tony blair has emerged. no doubt this topic will be the hot discussion issue in class on monday. Life being a politics student 
FEC Approves N2.7bn for Abuja Roads Rehabilitation  The Federal Executive Council on Wednesday approved the sum... 
".@evansilva I don't always stack the Thursday night game in DFS, but when I do it's because Tom Brady is gonna throw for 500 yards." 
@user oppa you back to seoul tonight because you can show in inkigayo tomorrow :( take care, i will miss you babe :* <3" 
"This is the wave + the sun in one symbol" ... "This is the symbol for Batman" ... "I got the symbol for Madonna because she saved my life" 
"It's a historic day at CTV...  tonight, Lloyd Robertson will anchor the National News for the last time #Lloyd" 
Amazon Prime Day beats Black Friday sales: we're at the edge of the mobile shopping era via @user 
i really want to go watch the iona vs hall game tomorrow... 
It may just be the crowd but I've enjoyed John Kasich tonight 
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from thsoul,&amp; know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation Michael Jackson 
"Almost forgot about Celebrity Juice tonight, oh my. What time is it on at guys?" 
@user  Sun, sea, Greek yoghurt, giros pita, tzatziki, even a female bartender. My day would be perfect!   ps. could do without Hillary 
Whacha know about that Soul Rebels? Bob Marley &amp; Wailers 1st album released outside Jamaica. #VinylRecordDay #reggae 
"Welcome Nick J! :"""") """"@nickjonas""""  In Manila! So excited for the show on Friday." 
Being HUMAN is our number 1 job. A responsibility. Don’t you forget it. Happy Friday! :) 
Who wants a love like Johnny and June? I want a love like Blake and Miranda. #LoveThem #Obsessed 
@user Sharon, Hi, you may be interested in this ----> Jeff Timmons on Paul And Matty Show 
Wow.. May is National Masturbation Month is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it 
Heading to Mangere Arts Centre tonight to support our PIPA 2nd years in their solo pieces, go hard guys!! See you on stage!! :D 
49ers helping the Vernon Davis cause for story on @user Profile on him airs tomorrow on ESPN. Good stuff. #E60 
I won the 2nd Star in my McLaren 12C in #CSRRacing #RaceYourFriends. Download FREE! 
@user all device build 14 tomorrow or official (WP,android,IOS) ? Hehe :P yay happy day for you ... 
"Next meeting - Tuesday, Nov 27th at 7pm at the Creative Alliance. See you all there!!" 
Icecream while I make @user ’s birthday present for tomorrow! LOVE YOU LAURIN!! 
Ryan Braun just stole his 20th base of the season. Fourth 20-20 season of his career. 
My co-worker named our printer Bob Marley because "he always be jamming." I genuinely laughed out loud. Friday's are the best. Love my job. 
I didn't think this was possible, but my Apple Watch has 13% battery left right now &amp; I last took it off the charger Tuesday around 8AM 
When is Top Gear back on the BBC? New presenter Chris Evans reveals date of show's return: BBC Radio 2 and TFI Friday host discloses ... 
"According to YouGov, UKIP are 2nd-most popular party in the C2DE social grade bracket (Lab 36%, UKIP 25%, Con 24%)" 
"ACT Tomorrow, then spending the day with my hunny <3" 
@user Brilliant result!! I think the winnings may go on our phone bill after I’m a Celeb or Dancing on Ice if the rumours are true :( 
@user haha I shall. (: what are you two doing tomorrow night? Ill try to come up to tempe with a friend or two (: 
whoever is going to digi tomorrow I wish yall to have soo much fun 
Beyonce followers want the Obama Administration to make her birthday a national holiday! 
Perfect day: Seeing Sam Smith &amp; Elton John then having a big slice of pizza after to end the night...aka August 9th 2015 #OutsideLands 
Mark Martin winning the The No Bull Million during the Coca-Cola 600 were the 2nd most compelling set of laps I’ve yet seen. #nascar #NSCS 
@user Go for Moto G 2nd Gen, amazing Phone with no bugs  Smooth performance and elegant look" 
Kendall and Gigi Were the Definition of Sporty-Chic at the US Open: Serena and Venus Williams may be the most ... 
The Spanish national manager Vicente del Bosque believes Sunday’s El Clasico set the perfect example: 
"Condolences to the Family, Friends and Fans of legendary football  player and broadcaster, Frank Gifford. May he Rest in Peace." 
De La Soul's song Buddy just made my Friday! #jammingatmydesk 
HAPPY 16TH to the only person who will go meet the princess with me at Disneyland ily shae 
Probably going to go see Bernie Sanders this Sunday in GSO. 
@user 7th December, Masquarade Ball, Night club 2 step, Country 2 step, Cha cha, Waltz, Hustle. Beverages and snacks provided!See you:) 
"The ICC's Dilemma in Uhuru, Ruto Cases: Last week, Uhuru Kenyatta made history. On Tuesday, he... #KenyanICCCases" 
"Well yes, it has been announced that i will be back for my 3rd year as host of Disney's Star Wars Weekends! I'm... 
@user tbf it is, Hodgson currently has the same record as Capello and Hoddle but a better defensive. This is his 11th game in 
#7ThingsAboutMyBestFriend 1.She is in love with Zayn Malik and Beau Brooks 2.Ive known her since 5th grade(; 3.She is so tiny! 
"Council of Canadians chairperson Maude Barlow set to speak May 24, 7 p.m., at the Lambton Inn in Sarnia. Topic, saving the Great Lakes." 
"RIP Frank Gifford. Always seemed like a class act, especially when thrust into the Monday Night Football circus that was Howard Cosell." 
@user forget about Dook now we own that series anyways!  let’s """"Beat State"""" this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season." 
So I got my 1st professional beard trim done at @user in Plano. Let me tell you there is nothing like it. Curtis is awesome! 
I haven't been to yoga since before I went to Europe in July. I'm so excited to take up my practice starting tonight. 
@user Flying out on the 24th arrive at 4pm, straight to Circoloco then Cocoon heroes! #nomessing" 
Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s 1st elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations to #Egypt 
The Vamps tour with HomeTown as support goes on sale this Saturday at 10am! 
Was thinking of Harry Redknapp for the @user job for the past few days now. Would be an absolute coup! C’mon Shebby! 
So happy I passed on Jonas Gray and picked up Tom Brady in the 13th round. #blessed 
@user I Hope All Is Fantastic For you, where ever you may be!!!! =D With that, much love to you Justin, all your friends 
To prepare for the #AppleEvent tomorrow I am reminiscing over legacy apple hardware including iPod 2nd Gen, iPhone 4, iPad 2. Get Pumped! 
@user I have this coming from Netflix tomorrow! Never saw it before. 
I have to decide am I going to go to a Madonna concert on Saturday. Could be interesting. That's gotta be a 3-4 hour show, right? 
PS4 packed in shipping container from Sony. Dropping it off at FedEx tomorrow. Hopefully it will come back soon. 
TOMORROW I WILL FINALLY SEE KENDRICK LAMAR LIVE IN CONCERT!!!!!!!! i think im going to cry 
This Christmas, all I’m asking for is a trip to watch Miss America in January. It’s the only thing I want. 
"Jake, Jen and I will be running 6 miles from Dunkin tomorrow , come join the fun if you're ready to work. Coach J #noMoreExcuses" 
Im getting horny Hey that reminds me is it the 19th yet? New two and a half men and/or roast of Charlie Sheen 
Welcome to islam family stacy. May Allah bless you. 
"You were hilarious at #PaleyFest on Saturday Norman Reedus @user hope u remember me the next time u come to #singapore haha" 
"Bestie we gotta go see """"flight"""" with Denzel Washington, comes out Friday. Seems so good @user 
Our 3rd winner who’s won himself an exciting couple invite for the #DivasofRock at Vivanta by Taj - Blue Diamond, Pune is @user ! 
Dustin Johnson staggeringly bogeys 18th after 3 putts from off front of the green. He'll rue that round for years. A 75 to be -7. #TheOpen 
@user I have loved you since you played for the Red Stars! Can I get a retweet or response for my 19th #birthday? Itd make my life :) 
Wish Bernie Sanders a happy 74th, next Tuesday.   If he makes 75, he will set a record for prez contenders. 
@user reading the Book again (at Circe now) intending to finish on 16th. Radio 4 has programmes all day so I’ll be listening to most! 
"So my mom's birthday is tomorrow,  so i ask uncle google. I probably just kiss her 
I finally got around to playing Shovel Knight. I just beat the 1st level &amp; I'm already in love with Nintendo's newest amibo:) 
Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George!! Kensington Palace celebrates the young royal's 2nd birthday with another... 
"RT @user Aaron Rodgers reminds how good he is on 2nd drive, finishes with 21-yard TD pass to Jennings. Ma... 
September 5th 1979 the Grateful Dead performed at NYC's Madison Square Garden (audio) 
@user I don't know, maybe one day I  the future. I'm going Saudi Arabia and dubai in March insha allah" 
Kris Bryant crushes a HR off the big videoboard in left field. His 23rd. #cubs and #dbacks tied at 1 in 5th. 
West Yorkshire Police & CPS have advised Danny Care he will not be charged in relation to alleged sexual assault in Leeds on March 3. 
I want to watch Paper Towns on Monday pretty please someone 
"I'm just honestly so blessed that otra is on a Tuesday they're looking out for me because Sunday, Wednesday and Thursday is Big Brother" 
Going to that Colts vs. Texans game in December is gonna be one of the best presents I get for Christmas ever. 
What have you scored today?   It's Amazon Prime Day ~ More Deals Than Black Friday! #HappyPrimeDay ----&gt; 
C'mon... It's pretty hard to form the Harper govt without Harper!!! Wait... maybe they have another Harper...  
"Though the films may have faults, the soundtracks to the Twilight movies are perfect for writing. (Especially for Gothicists). #phdchat" 
Go Set a Watchman is out tomorrow! AAAAAAHHHHH! Even more excited about this than Urban Decay's Naked Smokey. 
Going to go see Ant-Man on Monday morning. I have the best life. 
MPG may soon be on CW's #breakingpoint! Watch every Thurs to go inside Ballet West &amp; let us know on Fb if you spotted us! @user 
Just got back from school :) aaaggghhh  he is 18. I’ve been having a spazzing attack the whole day :O National Bieber Day<3 @user :) 
Damn Floyd Mayweather fight next Saturday I gotta tell my dad to order it 
"I was so said when I heard this ,it's two separate song ,by j Cole and Kendrick but use each others beats 
The #Oscar for the best documentary short goes to Daniel Junge and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy for Saving Face 
Why do Monday, when you can do a glorified Sunday!? Breakfast in bed with Game of Thrones. Done. 
Perficient &amp; IBM added you to list Perficient_IBM/watson  Thankyou. Have a Terrific Tuesday :-) 
If I can not have Thursday classes for the rest of my time at UVA, I will be one happy girl 
If you guys don’t have plans Saturday night, now you do! Come down to the Rex theatre on E Carson st and support my dude @user 
Free tickets for Donald Trump at the night of sept 12 th at American Airlines Arena ! Going... 
Mourinho happy with cup win: Jose Mourinho was satisfied with Real Madrid’s 4-1 first leg win at Alcoyano on Wed... 
I hope Liam comes out tonight with balloons like Niall did for his 21st but on his arm how cute was that 
my parent's said i can go to milan on the 26th so I'M MEETING LENA IN LIKE 3 WEEKS I'M SO HAPPY 
"Vincent Enyeama celebrates 16th wedding anniversary with sweet words: Super Eagles goalkeeper, The post Vincen... 
@user I worked at Chesters, & the George was our 2nd home, we loved it. Ill certainly be back! :-) 
Going to the Foo Fighters on the 25th!! Now just gotta see when RHCP comes out here 
We are getting ready for a great #Bollyfit Pro Day tomorrow with our instructors! 
Goodluck Jonathan may have managed the fight against Boko Haram terribly (as did Yar'adua) but it wasn't deliberate 
@user just saw your top 20 managers on ESPNFC,Martinez above Ancelotti and del Bosque?!  Also Rodgers at 7th? Im a LFC fan but wow" 
Um I just learned that Sunday is NATIONAL CHOCOLATE DAY. I’m totally taking advantage of that. 
@user Not really and I'm a huge Jay-Z fan. But, when March 9th come around? Biggie all day everyday 
Have had two very enjoyable nights of Carling Cup action with Arsenal last night and CFC this. Will QPR v Reading on Sunday live up to it..? 
@user @user @user  calibraska is coming out tomorrow so excited get ready for it 
Listening to the Foo Fighters live while watching intervention. What a perfect little Saturday. 
"The best of the 90's with Flashback Tuesday at Deezer tonight! Enjoy the best 90's hits with Biggie, 2Pac & more! 
"#AprilLives because the gorgeous @user IS the franchise player! Aliens has Ripley, Sharknado has April!! #Sharknado3" 
David Beckham Gives $100,000 To Shocked Family On TV - David Beckham just scored a really big assist. In Tuesday's... 
"Today i saw many great news, like _HP Touchpad_ discount and another news is about Nokia N9 Swipe. This new... 
@user Falkirk sounds class my man! Fri or sat? Edinburgh derby on Sunday, fancy it? Might have a spare ticket #SingleLAD" 
"Star Wars Day!!! This time tomorrow I'll be waking up having seen it! Chewie, we're back!" 
@user and he hasn’t lost a match since Apr 2nd last year, that’s consistent, and never forgetting Cannavaro, the 1st defender to win it 
"Dont miss this tomorrow: Superstars Ink on w/ its 1st guess, the WWE &amp; US Champ, Seth Rollins 
"Ant-Man felt like the 1st IronMan movie 2 me. That's good. It did feel like 2 films grafted onto each other. Not as good, but not bad either" 
Who wants to go with me to see Nekromantix this Friday? 
Don't miss the beast Brock Lesnar on ESPN tomorrow morning! #BrockLesnar 
"As my mom said, I shouldn't be bitter because THSK will always hold the honor and prestige of being the 1st Korean group to perform in TDome" 
Even though we just play Troy this Saturday, I still can’t wait to watch Tennessee play! #truevolfan #gobigorange 
The 15 seconds of fame Ansel gets in Paper Towns may have been the best part.... 
Eric Church  Friday night with my wife @user #pimpnjoy #americastrong 
Thanks to WRH I’ve got on the guest list for the opening night of the Shepard Fairey show over at StolenSpace on Friday night ! 
"Just got a large iced coffee from Dunkin, which is my 6th cup of coffee (so far) today. Do you think that's bad?" 
"For my book worms: Murder in Italy about Amanda Knox and """"In the Middle of the Night"""" about Dr. Petit family in Connecticut are great reads!" 
Only good thing going right now is my David Bowie raccoon hat comes in on Saturday 
"He may be aiming for Ric Flair, but comes off more like Billy Gunn" ~ anonymous WWE veteran in PWI about Dolph Ziggler.  Wow. 
I've just listed this book for sale on Amazon. This is the 3rd edition, revised, of a thorough, 410-page... 
Remember people, Rui En’s #PoeticJustice will debut on 11 Sept 12. See you again in 1 month’s time! ;) 
November 11 Happy Veteran Day? seriusly I'm not agree with the word war because that means innocent people... 
Arsenal: Ozil linked with shock rivals switch: Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil has emerged as a surprise January... 
@user But if I need a power adaptor that may be my next Amazon Prime buy tomorrow...tbh the luggage alone was stressful enough. 
#Vote for @user to become the 10th Global non profit partner of @user for us to #UpgradeYourWorld together. @user 
Don't hide under your desk! It's just a salsa bomb that we'll be dropping on the Metroplex tomorrow. Fresh salsa delivery imminent! #yum 
Everyone in the Summersville area come watch our game tomorrow at Nicholas County!! 
@user will be at MetLife  on sept 13 with a Towson Tigers flag ! 
Let's make sure our @user get to SXSW! Vote here by Nov 2nd 
Infinite’s last date of their Japan Arena tour is on the 22nd of November. Lucky fans, they get to be with Dongwoo on his birthday. 
Happy Friday! We do believe in Magic? What about you? 
Ready for the 26th! Ready to get my life to Janet Jackson 
Finally. Sunday is here and SummerSlam is upon us. I'm ready for the cataclysmic battle of The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar! 
Brilliant Steve Bell cartoon on David Cameron and the refugee crisis 
@user Jays have scored 4 in the 10th. Thanks for the mammaries Red Sox. This game is over #Trevsniptweets 
think i might go see flight tomorrow just because Denzel Washington .. 
Who's down to go IHOP with me tomorrow morning? 
I told my dad I'm going to see messi on Tuesday , and he called me a bastard cuz he can't go 
What a quality result that was beating Barca away.Good memories. Now the future and beating the Manc scum on Saturday. 
Can't wait for Paper Towns and Nandos on Thursday with the lasses :) should shine some light over our results :))) 
"Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh, has insisted he is happy with one point, after they ... #badotweet" 
#Baadshaho to release on 26th Jan 17 Directed by Milan lutharia Starring @user if you excited 
Zayn: ha ha I love Philly ! Going to make appearance tomorrow .. I love pears :) x 
. @user I think you're right. Given Amazon's advances with Alexa Skills Kit and Echo, a 3rd party Siri API has got to be on the cards. 
DEEJAYING this FRIDAY in THE FIRST CHOP it’s CHRIS actual SMITH with a smashing mish mashing of TUNES from Stoke... 
"It's Star Wars Day at the @user game on Wednesday! Win movie tickets, t-shirts &amp; more! &gt;&gt; 
@user    I can't wait till Friday,, coming down to see the Jays for first time in years and David Price pitching,, woo hoo!" 
I hope these chats about Cole n Kendrick dropping in Feb are true... 
I think my favorite memory out of all 4 years of band would definitely be when I got to march in the parade at Disney World 
"I'm only excited for the VMAs because Zayn may go, if he doesn't I'll cry" 
"Just watched Catching Fire again for the 13th time! @user (Jeffery Wright) @user (Josh Hutcherson) ,Jennifer Lawrence..." 
A very happy birthday to Prince George! The cutest prince in the whole darn land.  
Confirmed: Ice Cream Sandwich finally coming to the Droid Bionic tomorrow, October 19th 
@user tonight, light up the night at our 2nd edition of Neon Night Light. Bring out those bikinis and Splash Dance! &lt;3" 
Have me and Eve really just sat watching Mariah Carey all I want for Christmas live? Yep, yep we have 
New Iron Maiden album is out tomorrow. This has classic written all over it... Look out for the impressive long... 
Watching Amy Schumer for the 1st time...so funny! I must have been living under a rock or something 
@user how was the series, SAC 2nd gig? Love music, coz its Yoko Kanno! Cowboy Bebop music creater!" 
You bet your bottom dollar I saw Magic Mike XXL for the 2nd time tonight and loved every minute of it 
Let's go Barca 1 goal before the 1st half ends. 
Live as if you were going to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Gandhi #wisewords 
No school tomorrow. Only for my grade (Juniors) & the Seniors.. Thank. The. Lord. 
@user haha oohh yeah I actually had the same thought when I saw RNDM on Sunday! 
Enjoy your day tomorrow at SoundSet . The weather looks amazing. Come early. You won't want to miss 
Barely watching Magic Mike XXL for the 2nd time. 
Paul Dunne made for life unless he blows up tomorrow. Sponsors be all over him #TheOpen2015 
We all deserve love and happiness. It was lots of fun to attend the 30th Annual Pride Parade today @user 
CHARLOTTE the DAUGHTER OF RIC FLAIR called the Four Horsemen the best group in WWE history... #RAW 
@user Thanks again for tix to last nights Passafire show! Bout my tix to the RNDM show for tomorrow night! 
Bri and I are going to see Paper Towns tomorrow and my body is ready 
@user John Cooper Clarke tomorrow night. Just like the old days ( he says with the fading spirit of yoof in Ventura) 
Excited to have nothing to do but sit around Orono with no classes tomorrow 
@user @user @user Yes ofcourse #BO wise Pawan and Ramcharan  will be in 2nd,3rd Positions with Chiru fans Support" 
Just found out Beyonce is performing tonight not tomorrow. 
Been blasting Justin bieber all day to hint to my mother she still has time to go online and buy me tickets to unwrap tomorrow morning... 
Can't wait for Epik High's comeback perf at Inkigayo this Sunday! my Bommie unnie will join the perf!!!!! super excited!!! 
Your only "Live and Local" country station in the Triangle, @user was the 1st to make this huge concert announcement. Eric Church 2 Raleigh! 
Mariah Carey Celebrates Her Star with Beacher's Madhouse's Jeff Beacher! via @user 
So I just won Suite level tickets to the Ducks game next Friday. I guess one can win these things sometimes. #Ducks #hockey 
@user Look forward to talking #BB17 Big Brother season and game play with you tonight! 
Wondering what kind of recognition @user will do of post-#Sandy NYC at Saturday's RFK game against the Red Bulls. #mls 
"Tmr is Swift Day, and tomorrow's tomorrow is the x factor UK omg and after that we get to listen to State Of Grace omg" 
#nowplaying Janet Jackson - Love Will Never Do Without You no.1 at January 19 1991 at the #Billboard top 100 | @user | @user 
@user yep, wanted to limit it to 1 tweet! :)  impressive palmares. While I’m here, stages in Tirreno,Vuelta,Paris-Nice,Suisse, 4th Roubaix 
Ampt going to see my baby Ice Cube in in NWA this Friday :) 
For those of you watching Paper Towns tomorrow... It is awesome and DO NOT (I repeat DO NOT) bring young children 
Another #Chelsea vs #ManchesterUnited today for the 4th round of the Carling Cup!! Don’t miss out 
Uh football boys... win tomorrow so we can run it in Becky’s face that she wasn’t there. 
Did you guys see a guest appearance by Mitchie on the X Factor Wednesday? @user is always on her A game 
cried for every episode of Dream High 2 starting from episode 13!!! T-T tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode! 
Jay Z has 11 years on Beyonce. Yo future wife could be chillin in 3rd grade just tryna do her multiples of 5 rn. 
Class act! Wishing Paul Dunne the very best for tomorrow at The Open 
@user haha it’ll be alright. We got Swansea on Saturday tho away hahaha just like we talked 
@user kendrick's to pimp a butterfly is probably my fave album of the year alongside HBHBHB and sound &amp; colour is a close 2nd 
Yoga and music charity-event in Malaysia the 19th of December 2016  &lt;3  Amazing to work across borders with Ira... 
Catholics tomorrow is the Holy Day of All Saints many many gave their lives for Jesus and the church. All the Saints defended the church!! 
Real test for #Bayern this weekend against the in form Bayer Leverkusen. A win at home on Sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak. 
Find out how Ice Cube changed the world with #StraightOuttaCompton in theaters TOMORROW! 
@user on the 11th, or as I like to call, the day the chosen one was born, and by chosen one I mean Hulk Hogan" 
AC/DC tomorrow with @user Idek if ill be going to school the next day tbh 
"RT @user Looking at the set for Aladdin - great job @user ! Anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing, dance & act ton ..." 
Rest in peace Star Wars conceptual artist Ralph McQuarrie, May the force be with you my friend 
@user hi Donny how are you I just want to say you was amazing on @user last Saturday night . xx can you follow me 
"Yes, it is us: """" Black Triangle Sighting in Olmsted Falls, Ohio on October 12th 2012 - Triangular sape... """" #aliens" 
RT @user - it's Boston Red Sox - NY Yankees tonight! i won't see it anyways but i hope the Yankees win :) 
I liked a @user video One Direction singing "Man in the Mirror" by Michael Jackson in Atlanta, GA [June 26, 
Seriously nothing better than playing under the Friday Night Lights 
Saw Magic Mike XXL tonight. Who's around to see Magic Mike XXL tomorrow night? I'll be there Thursday and Friday, too. Saturday. Sunday. 
Check out the gorgeous products from Younique! Contact me for preorders or order on the website from 1st... 
@user I cant wait 4 this sunday! After 31 years of being a hard core fan Im going to a Cowboys game #ThrowUpTheX 
RT @user Steelers gonna beat the Ravens tomorrow lol 
@user Blessed Friday to all of us the Muslims,May Allah forgive us about the mistakes we've done" 
"Ironman UK, Bolton highlights on tomorrow: 7.10 am on channel 4, or watch back on 4OD! Hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it!" 
@user Hands down the Irish amateur, Paul Dunne, thrilled the world.  More to come tomorrow!!! #SC3stars   
we want the 9th crown for USA and especially enjoys every moment you lived as Miss USA. 
Had my 1st Beef Bibimbap today at Westfield Parramatta. Never knew it would be so filling. 5 hours on and still not feeling an edge hungry. 
Carly Fiorina 2nd amendment is about your God-given right to self-preservation and fail safe against tyranny 
Amazon Prime Day is here! Members can get some amazing deals today, just like Black Friday! Please consider our... 
@user think about voting for Bernie Sanders and the future of government may be brighter 
Ant-Man is here through the 30th!! #AntMan #Summer 
The beautiful village where I live is having a Christmas market over the weekend.. Sat twilight market and Sunday... 
Only at ICS does everyone tweet about their homework productivity on a Saturday...holla at the good students #icsprobs 
@user   Twilight:yes you may  *lays down on her couch* 
Khader Adnan is a hero, he’s the Palestinian spring and hopefully the spark of a 3rd intifada. #KhaderExists 
I believe the loss at RG to Wawrinka was first time in a decade Federer didn't break once in a GS match. This might be the 2nd. #USOpen2015 
"Alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win Iditarod: Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race on Tuesday evening, becoming the you..." 
"I just finished Dexter, Season 5. I seriously can't wait until Season 6 on October 2! Check out the trailer for it here. 
Just wanted to wish you all a very Happy Friday everyone and to all my dear friend on FB. Sometimes little things... 
This may be pathetic but I'm soo excited for Sharknado 3. Best to watch with lil kids tho. 
So I may have just bought Minecraft. 
Shawn with little kids may just be the cutest thing on the face of this planet 
I liked a @user video Meet the Medic in Minecraft (April Fools) 
PLL Halloween episode with @user + Mcdo = Fun friday night!!!! 
WE HAVE THE BREAK ! Murray breaks Bellucci to 30. Serving for the 1st set at 5-3 ! 
"Shaker is going to have school tomorrow. There's no doubt about that... The really question is, am I gonna go??" 
Congrats to Lina Boily! She just won 2 tickets to see Janet Jackson this Saturday in Grande Prairie. Buy yours here: 
"Thanks to my mother in law, I am going to see Justin Bieber in march. I am the happiest person alive rn" 
Met with iOS Developer today. We may have a "go". 8-) 
Schwinn Certification in Toronto October 24th at Hard Candy. Yes, that's Madonna's gym &amp; she's in town that month! 
Looking forward to kicking off the weekend with a Taste of Nia in Chester-le-Street tomorrow at 6 
Katy Perry keeps effortlessly cool in flowing boho tie-dye dress in NYC: She may have sung about being a Calif... 
@user Amazing album!! Also you may be responsible for a new Baby Boom #Trilogy#babymakinmusic 
@user Hello Niall i love you so much you make me smile make me better may you please kindly follow me i hope you have a fab day 3 
"finally, a fantasy and gay novel omg (you can get it for free!!) 
Is anybody going to the Strawberry Festival, in Leicestershire... i will be painting there live on the friday and saturday 
Awww sooo True the 1st comment WonderGirls are Special and Gem of Kpop!! #Reboot #IFeelYou 
im not gonna cry tomorrow i will try not to cry tomorrow bc zayn's happy now and if he's happy then im happy 
@user Yes thank you Janine!!  I saw Kelsey Grammer Wed night at SAG but didn’t talk politics there.  Let’s take Hollywood back! 
Superb. Brilliant. Stunning. We need say no more about @user so far and wish Paul Dunne good luck for Monday. #proud #thedream 
If you love the Red Sox, the Grateful Dead and Fenway Park in September...I've got something to share. #GD50 #RexFoundation 
Now that I've calmed down after watching Serena.... Do you realize how great tomorrow's Vika-Simona match is gonna be?? 
"Tomorrow night we will be at The Jolly Miller, Fareham and unless you want to miss out on one of Liam's famous... 
Set up a Harry Potter surprise for my niece's 11th birthday and it looks pretty coOL 
"Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday verse was Lit.  Too lyrical and poetic,  I have it on repeat infact Threepeat.  JCole was good too though" 
Happy Sunday to all Christians all over the world . we sing HOSANNA to Our almighty God . 
Diego Alves might've won the game for Valencia by saving Siqueira's penalty. It would've made a big positive impact for Atleti in 2nd half. 
Don't forgot! National Hot Dog Day this Thursday! We will be cooking out Hot Dogs by the pool at 2:00PM 
RT @user How brilliant.If Adam Scott finishes tied 2nd or better then his caddie Steve Williams will make more than Tiger Woods for th ... 
Happy 15th to the Nokia 3310! The best phone ever! :3 
Our first concert of the year is coming up on November 6th (also Election Day).  Come see the 7th and 8th graders at MMS! 
Happy 20th Birthday @user God Bless You! Hope God Makes aoo your dreams come true! Love you! Happy Swift Day! 
@user thank god i was so nervous i didn't how Michael Jackson hardcore fans may feel about @user taking on such a big project 
@user Good luck in the NNS race tomorrow! I’ll be cheering you on as always!! :) 
"kicking off the World cup"" Friday, All Blacks vs Tonga!?! Yeeeaah!! I'm so looking forward to just laxing back Popcorn & a glass a bubbly!?!" 
Pic of what I got to experience Friday Before the entire world get to see it.  :D Madonna performing Dress You Up... 
"*sappy moment*  Can't wait to see videos tomorrow from tonight's gig,and see Niall the boys helping him jklasdfg k night #OTRAMontreal" 
Katy Perry performing at the Super Bowl halftime show in Feb. Damn sure wouldn't mind a wardrobe malfunction.. 
CAVA is looking forward for one of the biggest event of the year. The Strawberry Festival in 350 Main St. Watsonville from Sat-Sun 10-5P. 
Getting emotional about naruto at 8:18 am on a Monday 
Great Photo exhibition: Everything Was Moving: Photography from the 60s and 70s / untill 13 Jan 2013 Barbican Centre 
@user haha aight...I also semi trust Alex Smith now after he covered on Monday like that 
I did laundry and didn't lose a SINGLE sock in the process and they moved the Rousey v. Holm fight to Nov 14. Today is a good day!!!!! 
"Still hyped rn! Kris Bryant is my favorite player, he got his 1st walk off homer, the Cubs got an important W and are staying in the hunt" 
RT’d Tweet: A bit of Sunday fun, shot in Whitstable, Kent and Muscat, Oman! ’Down Poured the Heavens’: 
Busy day at work tomorrow. London&gt;Milan&gt;LA&gt;Doncaster  Night Twitter fans xo 
Did some wrestling today in Jiujitsu class. Pretty pumped for the tournament on saturday 
Been listening to Zac Brown Band on repeat for the last week. Can't wait till tomorrow! @user @user #ZBBAtFenway 
"Funky mojos Saturday with the girls, Sunday my birthday, next sat Circoloco then Ibiza!!! Loving life #happydays" 
"I liked a @user video Josh Mathews questions the look AJ gave Kane: Raw June 4," 
@user sydney dalton (eww) did a good one. She posted on her tumblr what she did. Google it or something, you may find it." 
I still remember the first time I heard What Makes You Beautiful on the radio. It was February 25th. (; #SpecialNight 
@user do your thing son. By the time we go back on Tuesday I'll be done wit Prototyping, CF and most of IWD. Need yo ADS genius tho" 
Telling me to stop is like telling Fleetwood Mac to stop thinking about tomorrow they'll never do it 
"Hopefully heading to Cowboys & Aliens tonight, hopefully will be able to get in to see it, need some fun to watch" 
Bought tickets for Fantastic Four, instead watched Jurassic World for the 3rd time. 
A win for #LFC v Bolton will see them beat their away points tally for the whole of last season. And we have to win tomorrow's game. 
Want to support a great organization? Come to Picture the Homeless's 15th anniv gala on Oct 23. See you there! @user 
tonight’s Never Mind The Buzzcocks has the hilarious NOEL FIELDING again :) can’t wait to download it tomorrow 
Nash's video with Skylynn is up tomorrow!! Subscribe so you don't miss it - 
@user @user Awww I miss you girls too!! And yes tomorrow night ill see you at Young Life! :) 
Foo Fighters tonight and tomorrow. I'm gonna have myself a foo-king great weekend... and I hope YOU do too! 
.@marklevinshow's Friday first hour focused on the SCOTUS unconstitutional redefinition of marriage, and the case of #KimDavis. Excellent! 
I'll go to the office 2h hour earlier and watch Federer's game tomorrow! 
February Stars, 15 years old and still one of the best songs Dave Grohl has ever written. #fact 
@user win. Count em down boys 3.5 games back. 2 more big ones this weekend with the big guy David Price throwing tomorrow 
"Photoset: On Friday, I was lucky enough to get tickets for the Chelsea Flower Show. What a fantastic evening... 
"""""Senran Kagura for PS Vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the 3DS counterpart""""." 
But tomorrow is my day off so I'll be alright (Kendrick voice) 
Seeing Gone Girl for the 3rd time 85% because I'm obsessed with the movie 15% because I'm obsessed with Ben Affleck  @user 
@user happy 21st James! Hope you're well and hope Arsenal treat my oh 
Calibraska comes out tomorrow...I'm gonna cry and turn up at the same time. 
"RT @user I will be at the movies Friday night to see ""Final Destination 5"". I'm in love with scary movies :)" 
SPOILER ALERT!!! Watch the Teen Choice Awards on Studio 23 this Sunday, Christina Grimmie might be there. Have a GOOD WEEKEND! 
Off to the beautiful city of Vizag tomorrow. And that will complete my cascades across India.. #OfficeLife 
going to go watch the LORAX .... then off to bed :P #goodnight CLASS STARTS TOMORROW :o 
"Question I want to be asking after Saturday: Is Brian Kelly just an incredible coach, or is Everett Golson is just an incredible winner?" 
I'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow finally! AYYEE 
@user I went to see Mission Impossible Rouge Nation today, I really enjoyed it. Have u seen it? I might go see Ant-Man tomorrow?" 
Cool shot from Austin City Limits Festival on Saturday with @user and skrillex #JackU #repost 
Who just scored tickets to Saturday's game between UGA and Ole Miss!? This yotefox just did^^ 
@user if you follow @user ill make you my famous Oreo brownie on Sunday!!! :D deal?? Xxx 
It's going to take everything in me to not stop at Dunkin tomorrow morning 
Carlos Marin on fb 16 September 2012 Thanks you Salzburg for such beautiful Il Divo concert yesterday xxx Gracias... 
Happy Motha Fuckin Birthday to my wife, Mi Dupes @user Love you so much, thankful your still rockin wit me. May God bless you xoxo 
@user @user @user @user I feel next season may be better for Vicki if Briana is on #RHOC with adorable boys. #positive 
Happy Labor Day @user and @user Hope you enjoy baby Murray's 1st Labor day. Much Love to yall and baby Murray 
The sun is out for President’s Day! Today will be a good day, perfect way to finish the Cricket season. 
I may only be three chapters in but Go Set a Watchman is proving to be a very promising classic in the making. #book #HarperLee 
Super round from Paul Dunne! Exciting day ahead tomorrow! #TheOpen 
"""""@MovesLikeRoy: I luv seein all the thik sexy footballers return 2 the gridiron 2day!"""" <--*THIS* And the #sporno that is NFL Combine in Feb!" 
a pumpkin muffin from Dunkin will be the only way I make it through tomorrow without crying a lot 
"""There is an honesty that says we play the game Saturday, not today. And there is no more valid opinion than in our place."" - Les Miles #LSU" 
"MARCIA GAY HARDEN is 52 today...loved her #SVU roles as an FBI agent, and especially the """"Amanda Knox"""" movie." 
Asikkk nanti di konser Java Jazz ada kak Sierranya,hmm it’s a good news!*lirik @user 
@user Thank you Kluivert. These days a lot of people make Ronaldo look like a Sunday League player when compared to Messi.... 
A signed Tom Boonen shirt is only one of the items in the #EYclassics auction. Curious for more? Joing us this Sunday! 
I want to go to the Janet Jackson concert in January. 
On Sunday please watch Sarah G Live, one of Myrtle`s dream will come true - together with Melai, Myrtle will having a song number with sarah 
Sharknado's on!!! Then the 2nd one! Then #ohhellno #3 at 9. Shoulda left work early. 
Saturday marked the 10th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal says the state is now "stronger than ever." 
# An 80 years old Bentley belongs to my Brother and Sister in Law Only one in the world 4th Owner... 
"After the exciting news of ""U2"" announcing Irish dates in November, here's an interesting little fact, :)  When U2... 
"fun fact: Jonathan Bennett, (Aaron Samuels, Mean Girls) is gay.   lol it isn't october third any more, ladies  #meangirls #Oct3rd" 
Had a ’low’ moment...then I thought, why? 2wks on Tuesday I see Noel Gallagher up close with the best boy in the world...now I’m smiling :0) 
Morgan State & Hampton Univ go head to head at the #NYULClassic on Nov 17 @ Yankee Stadium! @user we’d love to see you there! 
Friday &amp; I find myself listening to Fleetwood Mac yet again. Thinking I should make it a tradition; Fleetwood Fridays - take out included. 
Buongiorno a tutti! Sun is shining another beautiful day in Vanuatu : ) 
"You know this when do Americans celebrate Independence Day ? """"The 4th of July obviously"""" """"Sarah are you sure ?""""" 
@user after tonight Colts fans are going to say Manning is John Beck like. 
You look at some people and you see the meaning of Islam. May Allah make us one of them! 
Short drive to work this morning with Bad Blood--Raspberry Beret--Out of Style as my soundtrack.  Tuesday gonna be a good day. 
@user 11th KC show, 6 different states! Would love to get my No Shoes Nation flag signed for my 20th birthday! See you at MetLife! 
Good morning Auburn Family! Today feels like a good day to beat Nick Saban and Bama at...everything! #thatincludesbeingbetterchristians 
Samsung Unpacked on August 13.. Might be the announcement for Galaxy S6 Edge+ or Galaxy Note 5 
Can't wait to see Zac Brown Band for the 2nd time tonight! 
Good starts for Federer and Stosur. Berdych level at 1-1 after winning the 2nd set! 
I'm just excited to work the Zac Brown Band concert this Saturday 
"Don't miss author Jonathan Kozol's event @ the Union Square B&amp;N tomorrow, 8/29 @ 7PM! Click the link for more info: 
birthday sex is on MTV Hits. this makes me think about 6th grade lmfaooo 
"Just twisted his ankle but he is ok """"@seru25: Welbeck may hv picked up one. What is happening to our team?""""" 
Playing Jurassic World while waiting to watch Jurassic World for the 3rd time #Winning 
@user @user It played out like Serena took off the 2nd set. An in form Vika MIGHT make her pay. Might. 
@user I'm going to see Ed Sheeran on Tuesday and I am so excited I can not contain myself 
"There's a little less than a month left of baseball, I see no reason why the Red Sox can't get the 2nd wildcard" 
"April is the best part of sharknado! If April dies, Sharknado will jump the shark @user #AprilLives #Sharknado3 #OhHellNo #AprilLives" 
Was mildly daunted by the prospect of starting to watch Seinfeld's 9 seasons so instead started 3rd Rock from the Sun #Netflixisdangerous 
@user would you be still in Kyiv tomorrow's morning? we would be waiting for u near the hotel, boy." 
So excited to be at The Bold Manor with @user team, preparing for Bolder arrival on Sunday! (via @user 
"Stats flying around lately, but this is my favourite: Today is the 2nd game where Troy Tulowitzki and David Price play for the Blue Jays." 
Okay the "what do you mean song"  by Justin beiber is good. Enjoy this tweet Myro it's going to he gone tomorrow @user 
@user have you listened to sam smith? He has a soulful voice, he may be able to pull this off." 
@user We haven’t talked about it yet. However, we are very excited about the Jan Revolution heifer calf that is inside of her. 
My favorite performance. Wish i did the ass smack tho. Watch "Beyonce live at the 6th Annual BET Awards"  #BeyDay 
Kerry hopeful Israeli-Palestinian talks can be relaunched: US Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday he ... 
"I need to go to sleep now because I have to get up early tomorrow morning" I say as I begin to watch Jurassic World for the hundreth time 
Dick Van Dyke scheduled for the Winspear Opera House in Dallas on Tuesday May 29 about 7pm. Should be a good show. 
Thank GOD we don't have to wait 'til 7 pm tomorrow for the next one. David Price tomorrow GOAT 
C'mon man. They can do better than this. Give me the Foo Fighters.  
"RT @user last day in Mexico City , excited to meet everyone from in Denver tomorrow" 
@user Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th and it's called 'For You'. I SCREAMED 
Just discovered restaurant on top of Centre Point. Am now taking agent to it tomorrow. No idea what food like but presumably view sublime! 
"Sunday Bloody Sunday - U2 - Get Wholesome, Before the Shit Hits the Fan. #music  #wholesome" 
@user Pakistan may be an Islamic country, but der are a lot true Muslims in India who love their country and can sacrifice all for it" 
Coaches like Gonzaga’s chances - Mon, 29 Oct 2012 PST: Don’t count the Zags out after their run of WCC basketball... 
Winding down the Sunday with Bob Marley on #vinyl. 
"Blanchett brilliant in 'Carol': (1 of ) The Weinstein Co. Cate Blanchett as Carol Aird, right, with Rooney Mar... 
@user @user @user Time will tell. Apple and Google seem to have push MS to be more open, which is good. #Win10 may be it!" 
"The instrumental versoin of ""4th of July"" in Paper Towns is one of the best things ever" 
Sugar bowl, then we might play riverside, playin st aug, peabody, op walker. man district goin be the easy part 
"Monday. Go get it. Come along for yoga tonight, 7:15pm. I'm back with all the enthusiasm of a puppy in a... 
The notion Nikki doesn't "deserve" to break the record is laughable. AJ wasn't Ric Flair. Hell, Nikki may be better now than AJ ever was. 
Bummed about Frank Ocean but this is soooo exciting!  
From now on I'll try to be more sympathetic towards Freemasons like Jay-Z. When you come from nothing European culture may look like heaven. 
I’m right where I wanted to be on this Thursday night: grey goose has me feeling good, baby making dinner and Al Green in the background. 
"Selena Gomez, Amy Schumer Get Cuddly on the Red Carpet: See the Cuteness Here!:  #Videos #May" 
Procrastinating. I need to get ready for the 6th district Chicago Police Rally Against Violence. Chi-town cheer will be performing. King dr. 
Shouts out to my bro @user !! Go follow my dude and turn up with him every Thursday and Sunday night in Club Bodi ! #salute 
Good Luck to @user tomorrow at the #FreakShow in Las Vegas !! Get after it man. You’re going to smash on fools! :) 
@user 3rd and most important would be to free Gucci and make him head of state 
Got a bit of sun today! cant wait to tan tan tan! NZ weather i love you ;) 
May or may not be going to see Magic Mike XXL for the second time tonight &gt;.&gt; #noshame 
Kendrick giving a free concert in watts the 22nd.... Who's going w me 
Very proud of that 2nd goal from Mexico! Even tho they didn't win (nothing new) props to Messi for the last min goal 
"Kris Bryant is on fire homering twice, finishing with three RBI and four runs scored in Sunday's 9-3 win over the Braves.  #Cubs #MLB" 
"The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar going at it on Monday Night Raw was unbelievable, another reason why I am fan of professional wrestling." 
"Beyonce sang the words we could never come up with! ""Best Thing I Never Had."" I didn't give the song a chance @ 1st, but it's growing on me." 
"This football discussion is pretty good, @user may be right Cam is the Taylor kitsch of football. #fiyastarter" 
It's good to see that Dave managed to get back from his trip in time for the Remembrance Service. 
I'm going to play my Cartoon Suite as part of EMF's Ear to the Earth festival at White Box Saturday 22 December 8pm. See you there! 
Is anybody going to the radio station tomorrow to see Shawn? Me and my friend may go but we would like to make new friends/meet there (: 
Just saw the trailer for 12 rounds with Dean Ambrose. Yeah that September 11th is going to be good. 
@user Oh let me know if you hear about what's on at Sankeys 11th and 12th of January?:) my 21st!! Could just celebrate it at Circoloco 
Thanks again Eastside! We're off to party with the fancy Hollywood types at Big Brother. Back at it on Fri. Post the spots tomorrow night. 
Welcome Back all Friends after Eid Holidays. Today Tuesday 4 Shawal 1436 AH 21 July 2015 AD 6 Swan 2072 BJ Have a Nice day Take Care 
NASA measures extragalactic background light!  Awesome implications for understanding the Big Bang better! 
Love the Euro Tracks they play on #z1035 every Wednesday night at City Nightclub!! #TonyMonaco 
Our final IMAX Throwback Weekend of the summer kicks off TOMORROW with special screenings of "Jurassic Park." 
Start your weekend off right at EAST tonight with PURE FRIDAY.   Enjoy delicious Graze dining from 6pm and... 
That ball Kris Bryant just hit is the 2nd farthest ball I've ever seen hit. He is officially ridiculous. 
@user do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at Santos Party House? can’t wait to see/hear you!!!! 
I want to go to grand bend for may 24 
May God bless you Big Brother for your plans. A home for 20 families. Mabuhay kayo @user @user @user 
Xmas come early! I'm getting to watch @user watch Twilight for the 1st time. Her face is hilarious 
Who needs Robinson Cano we got Drew as he hits his 17th a 3 run shot 11-1 Yankees over the Red Sox. 
Spurs win the opener!!! N.O. gave them a good fight, awesome 4th qtr! 
@user sunday #FNS  The debate did greatly change who I was seriously  considering for the nominee. I now love Carly Fiorina. 
Finally finished my presentation for tomorrow. Before midnight and without the aid of Red Bull.   So grown up of me. 
Kris Bryant singles. That must feel good. B2B singles. Men on 1st and 2nd with one out. 
Levi and elle playing lego while I'm just sat drinkig tea mwhahaha 
@user Nice to meet you! Best wishes from Guatemala! Il Divo will be here in concert for the 1st time ever on the 28th! I’m going! :D 
New girl at work said she almost quit her job to go see the Grateful Dead for the 3rd time but don't worry, I already took care of the body 
@user i hope you're ready for March 24  because that's when i transmute into Dark Souls Danielle 
Couldn't hang on to stay up and watch 3rd set but it was nice to see Serena beat Venus. What a resilient, tough player Venus is, tho. 
Vegas Beat: Ellen reveals that Madonna helped her come out of the closet: Tuesday’s episode of Ellen featured th... 
Still love how the Apple Watch mimics the 1st Generation iPhone Design 
@user tickets finally arrived for Foo Fighters at MK bowl on Saturday night. Tickets are a treat from the wife for my 40th Birthday 
"Beautiful evening last Friday for the Carols by candlelight and twilight market!  Lots of kids, lots of sweet... 
The Tri-Cities Fever beat the Wichita Wild Friday night to win the Intense Conference Championship for the second... 
An hour afternoon nap in Hype Park though the first half of the football in the sun... Nice! 
@user could you please tell me at which time Demi Lovato will arrive at the BBC lounge tomorrow? Thanks! 
@user I just got two at zumiez &amp; I'm so sad bc it's hot as fuck. Like Labor Day means summer is over the sun needs to chill 
@user Then he makes his first career field goal for Edmonton on November 1.  What a year. 
Check out the trailer for Kunle Afolayan's OCTOBER 1ST: #Nollywood 
"I've been watching Gilmore Girls for the past 3 hours. Oops, happy Thursday!" 
I love that Thor's cover was inspired by Madvillainy's cover that was inspired by the cover for Madonna's 1st LP. 
I wish Stevie TV was on i’d be laughing right now, well,Pandora it is ! 
After that game, I can’t wait to see what my #HEAT do to the Knicks tomorrow 
"David Duval, who needed to birdie the 18th last night just to get qualify for the weekend, is now only two shots behind Dustin Johnson." 
A few days ago @user said Ice cube may be the bet rapper lyrically I'm starting to agree 
"If you're stuck at work, keep your spirits going with """"Blaze Of Glory"""" by The Alarm this glorious Throwback Thursday. 
Everyone's at Sam Smith tonight and I'm just like bruh Nicki Minaj Thursday 
@user I kinda liked the 3rd one...my grandson loves them all. We've been to Jurassic World movie 3 times. 
"Leo eyes record, Barca seek boost: In the week that he marked the 10th anniversary of his competitive debut fo... 
Leah from teen mom 2 is pregnant with her 3rd child and is getting married for the 2nd time to a new guy.. Congrats you’re 19. 
Sat at work and I have the Will Ferrell boxset with me...Might put a film on or have a power nap OR sit here doing nothing; That sounds good 
Man was that Jets and Cowboys game awesome or what. Great entertainment thats for sure. Time to hear some Hank Williams gettin rowdy tonight 
Longest stream in a while o-o Will be streaming early tomorrow, probably at 1PM PST with some League, Minecraft and CS:GO (maybe) xD 
@user Thanks to ESPN now coming free with Sky, got to see full Dortmund game yesterday. Wow, there's a team going places." 
Fognini is I believe only the 3rd one to beat Nadal 3 or more times in a year - the others (no points for guessing) Federer and Djokovic. 
@user Great to meet you Sat. If you’re free Weds 24 Oct 9pm for our residency: Leicester Square Theatre, we’ll sort you a comp. x 
@user its not the 1st time religion is manipulated,in this case Islam. Raif spoke out against the establishment, he's a hero.#FreeRaif" 
Not too late to come down to our Monday night open mic to sing or just have a good time!  IGUANA 240 W 54 St. Will be here till 9 pm 
how I spend my Friday night: watching Sam smith videos from when I saw him at the forum  how everyone else spends their Friday night: bp 
"Happy Friday, Vikings! Lots of rain on the way &amp; a big hockey game tonight; it's going to be a great day! #bjshspride 
Today is "Wishlist Wednesday!"  It also happens to be Amazon Prime Day...get to it: 
"Tomorrow, tempe! Catching up with an old friend <3" 
Jo Konta's win over Muguruza was the longest ever Women's #USOpen match &amp; the 1st set alone lasted as long as Federer's entire match! Woah! 
RT @user Nolito with an assist and a superb winner for Benfica against Arsenal last night. He really is turning on the heat! 
@user They are great aren't they - I have one from the Ant-Man wave coming tomorrow as I want to build the Ultron figure. 
All I ask for my birthday is for Tom Brady to show out Thursday night and get the W! Ready for some football!!! 
@user I'm hoping to make my last few xmas presents tomorrow too - make up bags made with Summersville :-) 
James Rodriguez scored in the 75th minute as Colombia beat the Canadian men's national soccer team 1-0 on Tues... 
"Hey, I'm coming to see you on the 29th of april in Milan!! Can't wait! @user @user 
"The game of the night, Cowboys vs. Jets, Romo is back but the Jets are ready to win now with their amazing D but can Sanchez lead this team?" 
Pre-Oder Available For Calibraska on July 24!! I'll order it right a way as well should everyone else! #CalibraskaEP 
"Star Wars Day is tomorrow for me. When you're the parent of young kids, you can't do those midnight screening." 
@user &lt;goblet again*to your return Thor.May you find a little rest here after all this hard time.*she looked into your eyes again* 
@user the chap is in his 2nd season of a 3 year deal. He has done the business at barca and Munich and I'm sure he will do it for us. 
Hope everyone enjoyed our Open Twilight Race Meet held on Saturday. A quick update on the two youngster's that... 
"I'm on the 5th episode of this season of Arrow, Curtis is a new favourite character, Curtis and Felicity are the only ones I really like" 
"Holidays in the eastern part of the peninsula, which incorporates Hat Yai and Koh Samui, are greatest carried out from December to June" 
"On its 7th week, Justin Bieber's 'Purpose' is #2 on the Billboard 200 Chart! (It has sold over 1.16M just in the US) 
Can't wait to see my best friend! he comes back from Welbeck tomorrow! he is like a brother to me! #Reunited #friendshipgoals #bruh 
Just got back home. Tired. Hopefully I can ’walkkkkkk’ for World Walking Day tomorrow. See you at Putrajaya :) 
I love Nicki and Miley and may need to call in sick tomorrow because of it 
"Eldora Speedway - New Weston, OH - Saturday, June 30th - Who is coming to get the $5000? Lee Cooper, Max Blair,... 
Had me at Iron Maiden and Amorphis. Mgla and Uncle Acid are just awesome bonuses. 
"i really sat through, and watched Bad Blood music video, becos i found out my GF was in it." 
Can’t wait for tomorrow night’s Welcome to the Underworld party - I love Halloween!  The question is, what... 
"This """"Too Cute"""" puppy show on Animal planet might just be the greatest thing ever. I may never leave my room. #HomeworkCanWait" 
Great practice session with the @user boys can not wait for Friday with @user & Sunday in Leicester Square Theatre!! 
"Loved the Today Show peeps on 3rd installment of ""Sharknado""!! @user   @user 
@user @user she’s alright, she’ll win the Brit Award for best female if she breaks wind between now and May. 
can't wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop 
"To honor Norman Reedus' black cat he adopted, EITD And Monday is Mingus bday.lets make monday adopt a black cat day. 
@user I recognized Bomi cause she’s my 2nd fav... <3 btw, if I’ll ever marry Hoya, i’ll buy him a YoonJae dog... *.* 
Just Like Me was 4th Most Requested on AKA today! Thanks for the support!!!!!!! It's also on FLAVA now! 
Cannot wait for MNF tonight come on the mighty swans 
@user lmao! hope CM Punk does him. Surely will with it his last match before SummerSlam? Is it next Sunday? 
son if deandre learned anything more than dunking.he could be the 3rd best center in the league. brook lopez’s rebound numbers hold him back 
Looks like Shawn is heading to Norway for a show on the September 17th! This is slowly becoming a small EU tour again! 
>> DIRECTIONERS!! NOW WE HAVE TO PROVE THAT WE ARE A BIG FAMILY!!   On Friday, the movie to be released song... 
@user @user why would the Raps kick the tires on Jordan Farmar?  Would be a solid backup, even better 3rd string." 
Finally going to watch Ant-Man tomorrow @user its still getting good ratings #Excited 
Celebrate the Fall Harvest at the Flickerwood Wine Fest September 26 &amp; 27 in Kane #thingstodoinPA #fallharvest 
"He then said ""Kendrick Lamar will be the a huge rapper"". He may be a genius" 
More proof that Canada's Stephen Harper was cut from the same neo con cloth as #TonyAbbott  and David Cameron #elxn42 
"Center Stage live, NOV 10TH. %%100%% Truth. come party with us, eat with us, laugh with us and smile with us...- 
Special gala at work tomorrow. Gonna be a busy day... #timetosleep 
@user @user @user Kane's best service in the 1st half came from the keeper! Says it all 
@user Okay Kerry! Sorry I'm not going to see you at the 6pm news. I'm at work but I see you tomorrow morning. Have a great night. 
@user May I ask you Justin Bieber I would love to meet you in person I also love your music so if I can email me at bandit76044@y 
Did you know that @user is ROCKING it on Oct 20 in Milan? Don't miss this concert! 
"Some may have called me childish, but I now sit with a bag the size of a small child full of Halloween Candy. #Winning #StillAKidAtHeart" 
Hanging with my Monsters on a Saturday night watching Sharknado ! They love it ! #Sharknado3 
It's Thursday and Dustin Johnson is crushing it at a major. All is right. 
Ugh I finally got time to watch B2ST’s 3rd Anniversary with eng sub AND OH MY GOD I LOVE THEM I JUST CAN’T THESE DORKS KSGHSKJFGHKSFJGSG 
"Female dinner hostess needed, 12 nov (3-11pm), marina @ keppel bay, $150. Taking care of VIPs. PM/text me if you're interested! :)" 
"RIP Frank Gifford, In my opinion the best play by play man ever on Monday Night Football. 
my #OTRAToronto seats were in the section where ZAYN sat for most of WWA . if i had been there last yr i wouldnt be alive to tweet this 
If you are a frequent flier, you may want to finally get that Amazon Prime membership... via @user #Flying #Amazon 
"Milan must win this game. Doesn't matter how. They must win it. Otherwise, it's back to the Pippo days - being 8th in the league." 
"I may have two more classes today, but all I can think about is seeing the Foo Fighters in 9 hours" 
"Due to me watching Paper Towns tomorrow, I made it my goal to read the book today. I finished it in approximately 10 hours. #ExcitedAF" 
Watched the PLL Halloween special. Good!! Have to wait till January for its return. 
Happy Saturday! Today we're listening to @user cover of Sam Smith! Listen to it with us! 
So happy, just saw an advert on Comedy Central and they’re doing the themed friends marathon thing on Sunday from 8 again yayayayay 
@user Halloween is a friday if that helps, so I'll probably be going straight from Ayr after college XD" 
"Tomorrow is the Mother's Day ..... I Love You,Mom ^___^" 
Kendrick Lamar is now the 2nd most Grammy nominated artist in one night with 11 nominations. Only one above him is Michael Jackson with 12. 
Come down and laugh tomorrow at Loon Lake Bar and Grill in Waterford MI. With Me and the Mowtown Laugh Kings. 
Huge day of NBA tomorrow. Whoop. League pass is awesome. 
I want Ihop tomorrow#weeklytweet But, I should pass 
I think Wednesday is the day which you lay on bed all day watching Netflix and eating ... No school no shit 
Sunday’s!!! Great tv watching day! I got Mobwives, RHOATL, Kandi Factory, Klo&Lamar, I’m a reality tv junkie! 
FYI - the ridiculously adorable ladybug Larry Bird gives his 1st piece of candy to is our producer/ director Chris Koch’s gorgeous daughter! 
@user Abdul just interviewed on the BBC, I think 1st time in UK. Says wants to help educate other refugee kids. 
So, if Samsung "announces" their new Galaxy Note 5 this Thursday, does that mean it will be available that day? How does their timing work? 
"On this day, 44 yrs ago, Zeppelin played their 1st gig in North America as an opening act for Vanilla Fudge. Tix cost $5. #blewthemoffstage" 
i'm going to listen to dashboard confessional now thanks may 
Trying to find Ghostbusters and/or Minecraft related gifts for Gavin's 6th birthday is proving to be a bit of a challenge. He has it all! 
I hope that Rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow. That would mean 4 of my teenage booze mates will have had it 
Sam Smith in the 'Omen' music video may have turned me gay for a few moments 
Tennessee Tech’s Steve Payne says Murray State does things the right way - Oct 24 @ 6:47 PM ET 
like yall gonna believe the sun if they say liam is actually david beckham and they live a double life? 
Can't wait until Anderson silva taps out tonight @user @user 
miketindall13 hope all the boys with a Glaws connection in the Barbarians squad get to play Tuesday 
ye I was standing on the same concrete as Lionel Messi and Cesc Fabregas on Saturday ye ye ye 
LiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiSTOOoOoO pa RompER DC STAR nightclub 4 the 1st time SINCE 08 !!! ToY Readyy ! #dmvsofficialhost 
@user just wait till we’re getting classy with wine on saturday!! 
Headlines in N.O. paper tomorrow. Denver run all over the Aints!!!! 
May God bless me with a husband like David Beckham 
Long life&amp; pros @user Happy 15th birthday to the legendary Nokia 3310... The father of mobile phones ??pic.twitter.com/pQD2ScuDobb" 
When I get married, I want to walk down the aisle with the Jurassic Park theme song playing instead of the wedding march 
@user nice job at Riot Fest. Sadly I Couldnt make it that early on Saturday but I Heard you guys killed it :) good job 
"I love you all so much. Come join us on Saturday evening for the UGA v. Boise State game. Game is at 8pm, but we... 
"I ate my placenta like Kim Kardashian, and you should too: AS TOLD TO NICOLE LYN PESCE Tuesday, December 15, 2... 
8/15/15 - Tomorrow's #Crystal Oracle card (Tourmaline.  Learn from the past and move on. 
"""""Hey everyone! My name is Courtney, and I used to cheer at CEA! I am so blessed to have kept the amazing fri 
@user Party in the House tonight everybody gonna have a good time...Happy Independence Day #JAMAICA 
Ermahgerd, why is it only 10:46AM?! I want Sunday to come already. Shopping spree at the Florida Mall, yes yes yes. #MuchNeeded 
@user @user Please some classic @user Big Brother tantrums for the Bamboleo gap! Please make my Wednesday! 
Been listening to Careless World - Rise of the King  Cannot wait for the 23rd  #rackcitybitch  @user  @user 
We are going up! I just guided Leeds United to 2nd place in Non-League C (full version) 
Seth Rollins def. John Cena to become #WWELinear Champion for the 4th time! Rollins ends Cena's 16th reign as champ! 
ROSES ARE RED just received its 10th review on Amazon! DOUBLE DIGITS! :D... 
Remember when Madonna tried acting a bit back in the 1980s? #RickiAndTheFlash is out tomorrow:http://t.co/dwvgFybCVB 
Mimie - My colleagues are talking about Madonna ad Lady Gaga comparing which one have a really good voice. Today's topic for lunch :) 
"Droid Bionic seemingly clears the FCC, may finally be headed for (US) glory 
@user need more ESPN football today/ #patriots today podcasts. Get Ross and Matt riled up with more #bradyrules talk. 
I'm sure @user are all a bit Mr Happy tonight seeing Chris Evans' t shirt tonight on TFI Friday. #mrhappy 
Did anyone read the NYT interview with Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi on Saturday? Good read: 
Ant-Man at AMC Cinema Suites on a Sunday afternoon is a great choice. Good film. Have to see it again cause missed @user scene 
They are rereleasing Deadpool on Xbox One and PS4 on November 17th. Would I buy it again? Yeah. 
Ed Sheeran and The Weeknd may be the best duo yet.. #DarkTimes 
"It's 4.33am, I can't sleep. Just bought two pairs of sun glasses online n caught up on Hulk Hogan news. Livin the dream..." 
"Nice to know my friends care and are genuinely concerned that I was admitted in the hospital and probably having surgery tomorrow 
OMG I can't wait to see what Beyonce is gonna do at the VMA'S Sunday August 28th! 
Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge+ arrives September 4 - what it will cost you outright, or with Telstra, Optus 
Straight outta Compton was so live the fact that they had Ice Cube actually rehearsing his lines for Friday .. 
I can't stop thinking about the fact that I'm going to be in the presence of Snoop Dogg on Sunday 
Tracy McGrady arrived in China on Wed after signing with Qingdao Eagles. His arrival at the airport was crazy - 
@user AJ will you follow me for my birthday? Also looking really forward to seeing y’all Nov 10! :) my first college game :) 
"Ant-Man was brilliant. Inside Out was spectacular. What a great year for movies so far. Loved today, just sat in the cinema!" 
S/O to Ryan Braun for that 3 run shot in the 9th! I just won 1st place in both my Draft King's tournament. Turned 1.25 into 175$. Easyyyy. 
Hope everybody enjoyed Ben Amos at Welton on Monday? Don’t forget @user will be at market weighton this coming Monday the 1st 
When a female runs away from you, words are to spare Beyonce on Sep 3, 2015 NY CHOOSING A NEW APARTMENT!  
@user I’m gonna be in Monroe like all day Sat! Haha 
Wrapping up our Tuesday we have a Robin lead....  Bee Gees with Saved By The Bell 
@user Paul Dunne? Looks more like Paul Bothwick! Good luck in the final round tomorrow! #TheOpen 
@user last Thursday the Alpha Chi chapter initiated 37 beautiful young ladies after we had just celebrated 70 years at Murray State!! 
"It's official Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto September 14th MGM Grand, it is what it is I guess #boxing" 
On 3rd day of Eid Holidays I am praying that next Eid will be full of happiness for the nation whose prayers would have been heard by then 
"As long as triple h,john cena, and Brock Lesnar are still in the WWE I got no shame in watching the occasional Monday night raw" 
@user uh ok: +When will u release the 2nd part of telephone? +Why dont u come to colombia bitch? + i love u  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Can't wait for February Kendrick and Cole about to kill it 
@user may she have a long and healthy twilight. 
I'm only looking forward to tomorrow when the last bell rings &amp; I can go home &amp; take like a 4 hour nap then watch yesterday's AHS. 
@user Hi. r u going to Dunkin tomorrow morning 
Omg Briana is amazing she is my new remodel!!! #SPNFamiIly #pascon #Saturday 
@user you a big john cena fan 15th time champion best wrestler future legend ever deserves respect lol 
We’re thrilled that Grandpa’s Workshop is a main feature in the Education category of the App Store for a 2nd week! 
"I'm just gonna say it -- a cypher with Big Sean, Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole &amp; I is all I've wanted since the 10th grade." 
@user cool! yah, lots of stuff going on that night with Nuit Blanche as well! It's going to be fun! @user 
Turns out Saturday’s match at White Hart Lane was Ramires’ 100th for the club. That’s a big milestone. 
 come join mark on his charity live stream to help fight Depression and Bipolar  ^-^ you may even an ipod #eggplant 
Perfect for a rainy sunday at home cuddled on the couch watching a Movie! David Beckham Bodywear for 
"Thursday is a good day. The Vampire Diaries, Grey's Anatomy, Reign, Scandal and How To Get Away With Murder. #TGIT" 
Space and @user were the Place tonight. The Sun Ra Arkestra was brilliant.  @ Barbican Centre 
Chris Evans is just absolutely gorgeous! What is your favourite Chris Evans Film? #Beforewegosa 27 November 
Rick Nash!! 5th goal for the new baby McLaren!! 1-0 #NYR 
According to several sources, the UFC is looking to re-book Jose Aldo Junior &amp; Conor McGregor in December at... 
"Morning all- another day at @user meeting the stars of True Blood. Autographs and photos for me today, once the vodka-fug has cleared" 
Buy 1 get 1 free tiket the greatest hits tour BLUE, A1, & Jeff Timmons 98 degrees  only for tommorow 19 feb Puri Mall  & Pondok Indah Mall 1 
"The push for October begins and the captain is back to lead the way. Welcome back, David Wright #Mets" 
@user CHANGED HER MIND? She bailed on st Pattys, & now she def needs to come! Im thinking about leaving after work on that Friday?" 
Get ready the Royals have an opponent in the World Series! The boys in blue will take on the San Francisco Giants! First game Tuesday in KC! 
The Zac Brown Band will play Fenway Park this Friday - Sunday. Don't miss it! 
@user it’s okay we gone finish off the Spurs tomorrow 
"May the food be with you on this Star Wars Day #StarWarsTheForceAwakens, via @user 
Jack White on Tuesday for the second d time!! Ghygftrdghgc I have the best mum ever #EXCITEDMUCH 
@user you need to come to the Houston Rodeo in march! 
Getting very very excited for the Birdcage tomorrow at Derby! 
@user Zack Ryder and Beth Phoenix, will be signing autographs at Westfield Parramatta tomorrow! Hope that helps you out! :) :)" 
"Sam Smith had twice the reason to celebrate on Tuesday, picking up Best Solo Artist honours at the GQ Men Of The... 
The New York Times @user Why John Kasich may be the strongest Republican candida... #NewYorkTimes 
Good morning! Next Sunday (Sept 13th) our Yoga class starts with Alex. 8am at our new Cobblestone location. We... 
@user hey Adam, your new album is trending worldwide yesterday. Thank to ur Indonesian fans! they're just can't wait!" 
This will be big news back in New Mexico...NM's own Holly Holm gets a shot at Rousey and the title. 
"Yesterday was a great day!!! I felt like Ice Cube in the movie Friday ""Today was a good day"". I got one of my... 
@user Chunji ahhh~ May you take more adorable selca please?? :< 
Can you just skip to how to make it Happy Friday Everyone Tha Carter IV 
@user you know I exist! Yay! I’m a big fan and so excited to watch Mob Wives in Jan! :) 
Color take on the head doodles from #WonderWoman Wednesday. From a while back -- only have the iPhone photo though: 
@user may I say sir your portrayal of Hannibal is beautiful and haunting. Hope you get this message. Look forward to ur next work 
@user Happy Birthday, Prince George! May your day be filled with love, laughter and happiness." 
"It may only be the round of 16, but holy cow! Don't tell that Anderson and Murray! Incredible match! 3hrs and 40min so far. #USOpen2015" 
The Wednesday iPad edition is out now - including Tom Segal’s Pricewise advice and brilliant previews for Juddmonte International day 
Carly Fiorina's rise in polls may mean inclusion in the next GOP debate 
"I saw okay movie there friday night""Rise of the Planet of the Apes"",i still like Conquest" 
"Today is National Ice Cream Day, healthy and refreshing!! Come and enjoy with us!! Have a great Sunday! #nyceats #nyc 
#Bono hand delivered pizza to fans waiting in GA line for the U2 concert tomorrow. This band is the definition of awesome. #U2 #U2ieTour 
@user @user @user He's in Sharknado man, we may as well get him to swim the ball back to me! Well played Hoff" 
"Motorola appears to have got it right yet again, for the 3rd time, with the Moto G, Gen. 3 
"my mum & dad are going to nigeria on tuesday, everyone wish them a safe flight" 
Undertaker vs Issac Yankem is the main event. Possibly the 1st Taker vs Kane singles match. #Raw96 #WWENetwork 
@user @user yeah, well I had Thor's hammer and helmet in the 5th grade. And Storm's cape. I still haven't grown up. LOL" 
Dear @user and @user finally tomorrow Dream High 2 will be aired in my country...finally i can see you again^^ miss u alot~~ 
Nothing like working on my back porch in the sun listening to some Nirvana. #PLAYITLOUD #NIRVANA #KURTCOBAIN 
": Shinji Kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on Tuesday, to support children in areas hit by the Japan Earthquake." 
How great would it be if the power came back today but so many schools in fairfax country didn’t have power so school was closed tomorrow? 
Well since it's been the 7th here n Japan 4 over 12 hrs I'd like 2 wish my BFF @user a grand 26th. Sad I can't b there w/you. 
Shawn may be young but acts so mature and thats one of the things you should love about him 
"Don't forget Star Wars day! If you want to buy a Star Wars shirt, you can get one from Mrs. Boody tomorrow in room 110" 
"Anaconda's a music video gem, but T-Swift's Bad Blood is in a classic comedy vault--it's the best of its kind since Rebecca Black's ""Friday""" 
Aquino on Enrile’s memoirs: May all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people 
What an achievement by Paul Dunne today. To lead the open in these circumstances is amazing. Everybody will be shouting for him tomorrow! 
Took the day off work and treated babe to some Big Biscuit and saw Ant-Man. Some Monday's aren't too bad. 
Celebrity Big Brother being tomorrow night at 9pm on Channel 5!! Follow thI account for all the latest news and images! #cbb 
@user Whatever plans you may have with your family, have a beautiful weekend, Ying! #FF 
Monarchy expert D. Michael Jackson will chat about Queen Elizabeth's long reign on @user tomorrow at 12:30pm. 
Who said pe teachers cant like Justin Bieber!! See you in October! 
@user @user  its not. Nivia will be associate kit... but the match kit may be nike! 
Miss Teen USA - Just met with Essence Magazine ;) watch for my interview on their website this Thursday! 
@user all a nurves rack waiting &amp;watching the time.Sunday is going to be a CRAZY DAY&amp; I CAN'T WAIT TILL JOHN CENA WINS 16X BELT 
"On Niall's birthday on Sunday the 13th, we should all tweet a video on why we love and appreciate him. #HappyBirthdayNiall" 
@user We're so happy AdamBehindTheMusic trended in the US & worldwide tonight!! Thanks so much for showcasing Adam on this special! 
Take a good look at Bernie Saunders, he's giving Hillary a run for her money. Joe Biden may join the race. And they're off! 
"Shanghai Shenxin of China forward, Daniel Chima Chukwu has praised Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh for the quality of players he invited" 
1st thing I did after baggage claim was get up to date with @user Bad Blood Ronna &amp; Bev style makes being home a bit more okay 
"Friday Nite Lineup" recommences tonight.  7p PST...Fleetwood Mac, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Justin Timberlake... 
"Hell same with frank ocean, jhene aiko (thanks bre for putting my down 6th grade), and mf Tori Kelly...I remember her YouTube days lmao" 
Be sure to watch the broadcast premiere of the official 2012 Iditarod Race documentary - Sunday 6-8pm. 
Last 24hrs covered Delhi, passing thru Punjab, Haryana. Tomorrow morning Jammu. Just loving it! 
@user  @user @user is celebrating Harry Potter month in November if you guys are interested :) 
National Hot Dog Day is coming up on July 23rd! Be one of the first 300 customers on Thursday July 23rd and get a... 
Using this tomorrow! Practical Ed Tech Tip of the Week - Create a Random Name Selector in Google Sheets: via @user 
Winding down a long day by watching ManU/PSG in Soldier Field (muted) &amp; listening to the Grateful Dead's July 4th setlist. Too appropriate. 
This Week in NYC: Sept. 8-13 - Monday Happy Labor Day! We hoped you closed out the summer season with lots of time... 
Amazon Hiring Fair: $11.25 hr. with a shift differential - Free Transportation - Benefits September 10th 2015... 
@user Thor just layed on the couch even he heard him. He sat up and juat ate by himself.. on the balcony..right around him no rain 
This Friday we celebrate/mock the love of Avril and Chad. 
Happy Friday!! Stephen Colbert Sings Friday with Jimmy Fallon and The Roots (Late Night with Jimmy Fallon) @user  
"On 15 Aug 2009, U2's 1st UK gig on their current tour broke the attendance record for a Wembley Stadium concert with over 88,000 spectators!" 
Yo, Florence! Don't make plans for next Saturday, cause Bernie Sanders is coming to town! #FeelTheBern 
"Gibson, Bulls agree to 4-year, $38M extension: Chicago Bulls forward Taj Gibson said Wednesday night he agreed t... 
Wish I was with the full Eastern Crew on a Saturday especially St Pattys damn would of been priceless ya feel me #enoughsaid #realtalk 
@user Just rewatching the 2nd series finale of Hannibal for the nth time. Not enough words to explain how much it all means to me! 
@user saw your concert at San Diego County Fair on June 30!!! I loved it!! You guys were amazing!!!!! 
Carly Fiorina may not ever have served in elected office but she's prolly a better politician than most of the GOP field. #ForWhatThatsWorth 
It's #Friday and time for the #freakinweekend #fridayvibes #music  Janet Jackson - Got Til It's Gone (Dr. MaD Remix) 
Happy Monday everyone.  I hope the week is off to a good start across the board. Here's a Thor sketch by Mike. #art 
Take me back to Friday night to the Eric church concert 
FREE stuff! Seriously! Come out to the Maverik Center tomorrow morning for KZHT 97.1 FM's PUMPKIN DROP and win... 
@user thanks Rachel. Will give it a try! Loving the book & the Saturday Kitchen repeats... #littlepariskitchen #Lyon 
"I feel like Ice Cube: Today was a good day.  Not just for a Monday, but all the way around. I like today very much." 
MTSU just beat WKU 34-29. The Sun Belt is really starting to get interesting. Have to take care of business on Saturday! #PackAttack 
vanilla fudge chunks OMFG. you may come to me 
3rd viewing of Magic Mike XXL tonight. What a time to be alive, to have this chance, to live my best life. 
I think I've listened to the same frank ocean song at least 50 times today ..and I will listen 50 more times tomorrow 
Cannot wait for Country Fest with my girls on Friday! Love my home state Georgia man Jason Aldean! Chillin on a dirt road!!!! 
"Copper River salmon, quinoa, roasted beets, and #thebigsalad. Thursday is the new Saturday." 
@user great article on U2's use of the Psalms!  It's great to bring some context to those fans who may not be aware of the background. 
Bulls season tips off Wednesday night vs Sacramento Kings. Excited is not the word. 
Can’t wait to see the people of Shotton proudly waving their red & white flags and wearing their national team shirts. Poland play tomorrow! 
@user I honestly think the Super Mario Bros 2 set is coming.  Nintendo wanted to concentrate development on the more-similar sets 1st 
TRUE BLUE by MADONNA was no.3 in the UK album charts on 8 September 1986 
@user Pumpkin will be at a Dunkin' near you by August 31! #DDPumpkin 
Quite the home debut for #NotreDame QB Malik Zaire, he just threw his 3rd TD of the day to Chris Brown. ND up 38-3 on #Texas #fox28 #NDvsTEX 
Cannot wait to see @user wednesday at art park! FOR FREE! Are you kidding me? They're paying us! LEGGOOO! 
Who went to the first Amy Schumer show on Saturday? Anyone who would be willing to talk to me about it? 
Busy day with dog walks tomorrow. I love all my little odd jobs. Happy it’s finally cooled off in Los Angeles. 
For football fans, it's transfer deadline day. For us, barca fans, its just another Monday :v 
I can't wait to see all the riot fights in Miami on WorldStarHipHop tomorrow 
"RIP to Frank Gifford , always remember as a kid anytime you heard his voice you knew it was time for Monday Night Football ." 
looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of Vanity Fair in January. Expecting lots of Lena Dunham, Paul Rudd, Leslie Mann, etc. 
"If Paul Dunne wins the Open tomorrow as an amateur, the transitive property tells me that I also have a good chance of winning it. #Science" 
@user good night Shawn, I have to wake up early for School is tomorrow but I want to say that I love you" 
Procter isn’t even here yet for my SAT room and everyone else is about to start...how awesome is that? 
Got a project you want to work on? Need help with Swift? Need an excuse to hang with iOS devs on a Sat? Hang with us! 
@user Hey, Donny!!! See you Sunday for the race!!!" 
7:23 a young savage named suadonte wright was born , I love you baby & may your soul rest<3333 I miss you donnnn ! 
@user Will go near Interlaken, don't be surprised if my pics tomorrow look familiar to you:-) Region's super popular in Bollywood:-)" 
@user @user should play April’s mom. So the great Kristin Chenoweth can also be on. What an amazing episode that could be! 
"Frank Gifford..Born Aug 16, 1930 to Aug 9, 2015..Football will never be the same to me without Frank 
Vital testimony as to the political character of the next Prime Minister: George Osborne: 
"Early Christmas Present, Mage Titans Italia tickets 25% off until the 25th! &gt; &gt; See you in Milan! @user 
"Find us at the Sana 2015 Tradeshow on September 12th in the beautiful Milan, Italy! #tradeshow #betterwithbirk #Italy 
LOL. I am quit sure that isn't the future 4 Rick Perry. He is the 1 that will give us back what we lost. We need him 
He plays an American so well...I mean, acting alongside Beyonce would make any other person run back to Britain.  
Saturday night, so you know what that means! I'm gonna try out my nose hair trimmer I got on Amazon Prime Day. God bless you everyone 
Paper Towns is one of my favorite books and tomorrow I'm going to the movie with one of my favorite people.  @user 
Can't wait to see Foo Fighters next Sunday&amp;with Royal Bloods supporting will be insane 
@user I think you can get them on Ticketek? And they go on sale tomorrow.. I think... :) 
"Been a long day. Wrapped up book for good prior to proofing, article on Balotelli's Milan return (out Tues) and a little something special!" 
Happy Thor's day Twitter friends ! #thursday #lol #cats #funny #humour 
Have paid my respects today at the Remembrance Service for those who gave their tomorrow for our today. Lest we forget. 
So #CabinFever2 isn’t as good as the 1st one...it’s better than Taylor Allderdice tho @user 
Listening to some Grateful Dead on the YouTubes. It's giving my Friday afternoon a great vibe. 
Josh Hamilton hit a two run homer in 2011 WS in the 10th with a sports hernia. If anyone with any decent fielding skills catches the ball... 
"Tia Sharp's funeral today, may she rest in perfect peace." 
I get to see the love of my life for the 4th time omgjsjsnznz NIALL 
David Price got a win in the Blue Jays' big win over the Rangers on Wednesday and in five starts for #Toronto he's 4-0 with a 1.98 ERA. 
Dear @user is it me or has the sun shone ever since @user confirmed the Maillot Jaune on the TT...? #SunGodOnaMission 
"""""Sarah G. Day"""" I love you!!! Stay sweet and simple, dude! Can’t wait for your show on Sunday!" 
@user just hit me I'm seeing Shawn tomorrow and you 
"We're going to watch ""Paper Towns"" tomorrow~" 
@user you better attend Justin's performance for the today show its on Thursday 
Just got home from watching Frozen at Movies in the Canyon! Great night, great movie! Next Friday it's Jurassic Park! 
Fantasy Football Rankings Week 1: Top 50 Best Matchup Plays: Tampa Bay was a woeful 28th in the National Footbal... LLLINKKK 
Ok so I will be doing the Garage hunters tonight, All details into it are on my Google+ page. Also Rugby Attax is Tomorrow's video. 3 packs! 
The connection in respect to oracle strategies entryway the 21st five hundred dollars: pSIPsFh 
@user oh ok, my Husband love going to the valley, his b-day n Jan. Sounds good to me 
@user hahaaa.  I’m going to LP on saturday 
#ThankGod he's back! The 2nd one starring Ice Cube sucked big time: 
"Foo Fighters tomorrow night in Milton Keynes also supported by Royal Blood, can't wait, going to be awesome!" 
Why am I only just watching @user 25th anniversary Gala now? Can't wait to come back to the uk to watch it again in the new year!!! 
You two may fight like cats and dogs, but you’re completely head over heels for each other. You two are like Allie and Noah in The Notebook. 
Especially nice to have Rosedale @user open in the neighborhood while NE Branch at 7th & Maryland is closed for renovations. 
Just went to see Paper Towns with my friends. AMAZING!!! Then we were driving home and we stuck our heads out the sun roof. Such a rush... 
@user Just watched WWAT concert film!! Very excited! Sooo amazing;) I'll go to the theater tomorrow,too!Cant wait!!Love you Niall!" 
Fun night tonight at Vampire Diaries. Great Teen Choice Award winners! 
RT @user Astonishing! Police raid Milan offices of Standard & Poor's || Did u see this? This is the 1st time I have! 
ok when I'm sober tomorrow I NEED to talk to people about Hannibal 
If you haven't had a chance yet, @user piece is great Sunday reading: Donald Trump: How the myth was made 
It's Friday so I'm going to sit my happy ass down in this chair and drink coffee my entire shift. 
"#KCA #VoteJKT48ID CaroleMc87: Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George, the wee dote  
"takin my math CASHEE tomorrow , thursday nd friday helpin out at the special olympics ! hopin my best friend is there ! (: #Winnin !" 
"Photoset: phineas4cobain: youremyvitamins: Nirvana, Sydney, February 7, 1992 love the fact that dave is... 
Tomorrow's Nintendo Know is all done and it's going to be a pretty good time. 
@user Quevega is just too good, thought it may struggle a little with those conditions! Bring on Big Bucks V Quevega ;) haha" 
That’s it now for 2012, life doesn’t star again til 3 March 2013 when Paris-Nice starts. Tour of Qatar in Feb is quite jolly though #cycling 
Sat on the beach blasting out Calibraska #Dope 
I love the new pope, but c'mon only he's helping just 2 refugee families? 
"Your girl is going to see Justin Bieber in March!!This by far is the best Christmas gift ever, thank you @user 
The great Noel Gallagher is about to hit the stage in St. Paul. Plenty of room here so we’re 4th row center. Plenty of room. Pretty fired up 
Rumours have it that Fleetwood Mac may be playing at @user #inabudhabi 
"I'm so excited about tomorrow!Get to dress up as a witch for the little kids at my job, then 2Pac and Biggie Smalls at night with #oomf" 
@user @user it was in the member’s email. Info will be up on the blog tomorrow. Series for the next 2 weeks :) daily motivation 
Curtis' Akakeya and Sea's Guidicipietro are the top contenders for Saturday's cross country state champs 
@user I *may* have a playlist on my iPod devoted entirely to songs about trains. I *may* also be a total geek. 
"Beat Demon Souls. If there is a black friday sale I will pick up dark souls 2, otherwise might just get Dark Souls 1" 
if anyone wants to surprise me with a mocha iced coffee from Dunkin tomorrow that'd be cool 
Kanye and Kim as Batman and Catwoman may be the best thing I’ve seen all week 
"4th day of Eid ul-Fitr, all smile, all smile :) #kosongkosong courtesy photo by zeeyasmi 
Miss USA featuring all the 1st generation Americans and multicultural women is great. 
@user at first I was worried about their 5th album without Zayn but if they are all like that, wow." 
high for this// the weeknd bad religion// frank ocean hive// earl sweatshirt I luv this shit// august alsina 
On September 4 1993, Madonna's fifth single taken from her Erotica album, Rain, moved to #17 on the Billboard Hot... 
Can't wait until it's Halloween! Def my fav holiday with St. Patrick's a close 2nd. What can I say? Drinking holidays are awesome! Lol #Lush 
Throwback Thursday Shots. First trip to Jurassic Park as Brian Skoyles guest and he has one. Now I take my friends.. 
Happy Veteran Day..to the wonderful men and women who served our country..it may be a tough job..buts it for the love if America..God Bless 
@user just bought tickets to see george groves and ricky burns fight in december, can't wait!!!" 
@user Do you know ?they may not but we’re so fond of all the countries . Uh,happy Republic Day . 
Have uni tomorrow morning but need to say bae Messi tonight. its my drug. 
@user Can you tell me when an update for the Apple TV 3rd gen becomes available? The missing update holds me back from buying #appletv3 
@user @user at least there is hope coming around February. I’m looking at a team where JR Smith is the X-Factor. 
*counts down the days until October 6th and blesses Amazon Prime shipping* @user 
"Caitlyn Jenner may have become a woman later in life, but she is more woman than those who bash her on social media...." 
Tomorrow I will ballot for the Kyocera dome shows! WISH ME LUCK!! :D 
I may not like the walking dead but Norman reedus is pretty attractive. 
I said, "Whoo!" like Ric Flair, and I'm off on Wednesday, so it's finna be a #TurntUpTuesday WHOO! 
"THEATER OF THE NEW Thur eve BLUE COVENANT: Maude Barlow: World #Water Crisis W/ water, we see the oneness of the world" 
Zayn's roller coaster is the most emotional of all emotional roller coasters 
@user huntsman’s are regulars here. And yesterday we had a blue tongue in the house to get out of the sun for a bit :) 
@user Toni, I have not. I'm only interest in applying if I can use it for a large purchase this Thursday - Paul McCartney tickets!" 
Who's going to SMASH PROJECT on March 8? :) looking for more concert buddies. 
Zionsville students did well on ISTEP! See the results and quotes from school superintendent Scott Robison in tomorrow’s paper! 
Strongly considering having breakfast at IHOP tomorrow morning. Short stack with blueberry compote. I'm craving it. 
"Glasnow is nearly identical to 2008 David Price, who got the call up and was outstanding as a reliever in Sept/Oct. 
so is that true? David Beckham is going to be the "may be" next 007?? ........well! WTF u r waiting fr?start the shooting alrdy! &lt;3 Beckham 
My 1st live event Intercontinental Champion "Rowdy"Roddy Piper tagged with Hogan against Sid Justice &amp; Ric Flair. #RIPRoddyPiper 
I wonder if lacy and Lexus want to come to church Sunday . 
@user mvp mvp. 11 pitchs and the 6th pitch to stay alive. He is going to get paid bigtime.and david price wow 
"If tomorrow my wrestling promotion was up and running, it would be Brock Lesnar. You need someb... #WWE #TNA #Raw" 
Just watched THE AMAZING SPIDERMAN for the 1st time and it is Amazing I loved that I truly missed Danny Elfman's Score though 
Funniest part of SOC was when we saw Ice Cube working on the Friday script laughing to himself like a straight nerd Lmao 
"#MercedesBenz Ptbo will be completely transformed Nov 1, don't miss out on the Gala of the season! #PancreaticCancer #leaveyourwalletathome" 
Heading to the @user show tomorrow morning with Mommy. Lets hope we get front row #TVTime 
@user I Know it isn't even Halloween but I'm sitting her listening to Holiday Wishesfor the 2nd time. I Absolutely Love it. 
@user Hey Harry! You were amazing August 5th at MetLife! Love you! 
Murray's form has been tremendous this year ... a win tonight would've seen him reach 60 victories in a season for just the 2nd time 
"Hope I wake up tomorrow to some news about @user Glasgow date, or to frank ocean's new album. Not too much to ask is it?" 
@user RT: ""Congratulations Miss USA 1st runner up! So proud to have @user represent the RG..."" 
Grateful Dead jams in the morn make for good friday vibez. 
Me today = this. Glad I took a day's leave after not getting back from Foo Fighters gig until half 3 this morning. 
@user @user @user well you can't do this all by yourself ... Hannibal is inviting to Dinner and Will may finally accepting him 
Can't doubt Tom Brady against the Steelers this Thursday! 
"I just saw Floyd Mayweather at the Fashion show &amp; I was like ""love you Money May!"" &amp; he's like ""thanks I appreciate you"" lol" 
Selling Day for a Night Free Press Passes Ft. Kendrick Lamar. $40 for 2 day pass. Kendrick performs tomorrow at 9:30 p.m. Hmu if interested 
Our SE member the Alresford Community Choir to share the stage with Brit Award winning @user on Sep 15 @user How exciting! 
#MeEnamorasSi Good Friday Waw.. is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it Night Niall 
I was @user when they were unbeaten playing OSU to be in the running for the National Championship. This Saturday’s game is bigger. #OneTeam 
"There are perks of being an Oakland Raider. One of them: Ice Cube takes care of you. On Wednesday night, the... 
Just about that time!!  NBA season jumps off tomorrow!! My preseason MVC’s (most valuable cats) @user and @user #bbn 
Sophia Grace and Rosie: we know one of your songs!! the sun comes down NA NA NA NA @user 
We're teaming up with Nike to host one heck of a birthday bash next Wednesday. RSVP here:  
"Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George, third in line to the British throne! 
Below are some details about the Bentley 500 Award Ceremony tomorrow night. It will be a fantastic sight to see... 
So Niall's tweet increased my already existing pcd....I need the 5th album to make me feel better...just saying. 
"Honestly, I'm liking Kendrick's ""Bad Blood"" verses a lot more now. May be able to elevate the song to being really good to me." 
My favorite part of Straight Outta Compton was when Ice Cube said Friday was going to be funny. 
Happy 13th Bday to my nephew Sean Parker II!  Auntie loves you Grandpa 
@user Haha, I do to :) You should probably also know Nov 24th is the Kasabian gig, so that date is also taken :P 
@user There is a one day delay due to Labor day for the 14534 area. If your normal service day is Wednesday service will (1/2) 
#cricket Pakistan hopeful of Bangladesh visit: Pakistan’s cricket board said Sunday it hopes to arr... (f ahsaan4u) 
I may not agree with her stance on Greek Debt Crisis but Angela Merkel's stand &amp; leadership against xenophobia is admirable! 
Its Thursday and u know what that means! Greys Anatomy!! And I’ve heard that @user is brilliant tonight which is even better!! 
Redskins see a Titan opportunity this weekend: The Redskins know Sunday's game against the 2-4 Tennessee Titan... 
"Watched ""Devil Inside"" and ""Paranormal Activity"" ..... Yes I’m definitely going to church Sunday morning!" 
"in Mommy’s phone want her to have a Happy Birthday. You may reference it as """"Happy Birthday LadyBug"""" if you like, one of her many nicknames." 
"Found it! Evanescence Live @ Rock im Park in Germany - were to have streamed live today, but they performed on Friday. 
Hey @user -I've been an avid challenge fan since Wednesday bc of my internet pal @user Is Briana the worst at everything? 
LOOK it's National Hot Dog Day! Yay! Some restaurants are giving great deals on HOT DGS on July 23rd! 
"Sunday Kombat ch 35! Best thing about Sunday's Shawn, looking forward to reading it.  
@user Like you say, Rory, Spieth, Rose and Day should be great to watch. If Dustin Johnson can get his head together he may join them" 
I can't wait until tomorrow for all the Memes about Kanye West running for President! #VMAs 
Tjo today I heard that Eskom’s rebate is untill march for the solar. Its nice to be connected 
I’m a real nigga 1st, get money 2nd break bread with my niggas we like family so respect it-Yo Gotti 
Thurs, Aug 27 at 7pm! Our new series #Rewind! kicks off with JURASSIC PARK + after party 
@user @user perhaps then it may be time soon. It’s a good idea loaning Longo out to Espanyol then 
@user Sam Smith's voice alone proves he isn't trash you may not like his style but you can't deny that voice 
The tickets for the 2013 Australian Tour will be on sale on April 28th at 10am local time. 
Blessing Our 4500+ Followers May He who makes peace in the heavens grant peace to us &amp; to all Israel. We Bless You: 
@user David Beckham was once the 2nd best player in the world,playing for one of the biggest clubs too. A lot of context to that 
Yay teen mom 2 starts Monday! But the only reason I watch it is for @user :) #TeamLeah 
Right then..diet starts Monday, probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up..but im gonna smash it!! 
The sun shall not smite I by day, Nor the moon by night; And everything that I do Shall be upfull and right. - BOB MARLEY 
Star Wars Day at the RMA!  May the Force Be With You!!! 
Can someone take me to IHOP tomorrow morning. I will greatly appreciate it. 
"Marvel kicks off the presentation! Alan Horn starts by praising Ant-Man's #1 opening, which he says is Marvel's 12th consecutive #1 opener." 
#BetStyleLounge this Saturday @user will be Turnt to the MAX! Come see me and @user rock out! 35th and King Dr!! 
Celebrity Big Brother starting tonight and XFactor starting on Saturday. It was nice knowing you all. 
"Sam Smith - BBC Radio Theatre: Last Thursday, the one and only Sam Smith gave an incredible conce... ckdsradio.eu" 
"Chris Tucker hasn't lost a step but I wish he would do one more Friday, Ice Cube pay the man lol" 
"So, Kris Bryant's HR not only may have saved the Cubs season, but may have unofficially led to this Tulo blockbuster." 
"Best play by play man Monday Night Football ever had, back when you couldn't wait for MNF to be on ! FRANK GIFFORD  RIP" 
Happy Sunday! Back at the River Center for Miss USA!  It's going to be an interesting night. Who is watching the big show? 
@user -_- Lmao it’s THALIA and no it was today. On Friday we got gym better be there! 
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett on Tuesday praised the presidential campaign of self-proclaimed socialist Bernie Sanders, even th... 
so sorry I haven't been on today I've been busy but tomorrow in going to a Ed Sheeran concert ahh!! 
Party at Kris Jenner's tomorrow!!Bring your friends and your 25 cents to get it 
Well just did the Polish festival today and it went great ! Tomorrow we will be playing at the North Stage near... 
Apple's @user gives an update on the projects launched in June. #AppleWatch has gate 97% satisfaction. #AppleLive 
Show your LOVE for your local field & it might win an award!  Gallagher Park #Bedlington current 4th in National Award 
Everyday remind yourself you are the best! Happy International Women's day ! 
@user Barca is the best team not Real .. no one can win over it ... and see u on Sat ;) 
@user Thanks for upping Valor from heroics, etc. Was concerned about when I finally finish reps. Still miss 1st 7 per week sys. tho. 
The 2nd season of Arrow is on Netflix now though! Time to binge watch it. 
Woop! Can't wait to see Magic Mike XXL this Friday with the girls @user @user 
We all know a fangirl who's going to see Paper Towns tomorrow! 
Michael Jackson radio may be one of the softest stations. But got damn has some good jams. 
Nero: Apple event is about to start. Apparently they are about to get serious about gaming. Again. 
"Yesterday was a grand day, woken up with pancakes and tea in bed, ended with Foo Fighters. Best Saturday. Best boyfriend." 
@user Goon is always a good idea! It will probably taste better than the $10 bottle of vodka I have for tomorrow... 
Your soul may belong to the devil but your ass belongs to my client Brock Lesnar Undertaker my fav but that line was classic @user 
#Repost Chris Bosh may be ugly. But he has a gorgeous wife and adorbs baby. I want to be happy like them one 
"Join us next Thursday for this screening at the Creative Alliance (I'm in the movie!!). It should be a great,... 
THEY ARE BACK!!!!! In case you missed them last time, don’t make the same mistake, 1 Nov at Backstage Live and... 
I have one on Saturday with this really cute girl named Briana and I'm v nervous cause I still have a massive zit lmfao 
@user Allie &amp; briana sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. 1st comes love, 2nd comes marriage then comes Briana with a baby carriage" 
"I have a date tomorrow on the Brooklyn bridge, I can't wait!" 
FUN MEDIA FACT: On this day in 1976 George Harrison appeared on Saturday Night Live 
"Harris English may be playing some incredible golf at the moment, but the AP still labels his photos as """"Zach Johnson.""""" 
@user i can meet you at sylvia park tomorrow at lunch if you wanna stay over this weekend?! but i know you have vou course so lmk :) 
LMAO!   #ByeFelicia - Ice Cube   #StraightOuttaCompton   (Is that where it all started and moved on into Friday? LOL) 
"Received the Blood Moon image today, 16x24 matte paper, and it looks great! I may have found a new online vendor... 
"Way back in July '12, our worthy Chief Minister, defender of the Honest Banana Republic, and the Delhi Government... 
2015 Muscle Beach - Labor Day: Find all of the coverage here of the 2015 Muscle Beach - Labor Day, held on September 7th, in Venice, CA!! 
This Friday! You don't want to miss this high energy and unique set of Iron Maiden and Judas Priest! 
Serbian President to Visit Pope Francis on Friday: Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic will meet with Pope Fran... 
1ST GOP DEBATE WRAP UP: Bobby Jindal made 2nd place during the first round. Hope he can keep this up. good job Bobby! 
"I knew Thor would get the job done. Matz on tomorrow, offense seems to be waking up, Let's Go Mets!!! #LGM" 
Tomorrow kicks off Muslim Awareness Week! Come to our first event tomorrow at 11:00 a.m.: the Brown Bag on Islam. 
john cena may be the best rapper out there honestly i feel like crying when his voice soothingly covers my ears 
Queen Mary tomorrow night with the crew. Rolling Deeeeeep! Ditching class so i can shake my ass(x lol 
"Jessica is bringing me Dunkin tomorrow, who's the real MVP?" 
Happy 11th Yr Preaching Anniversary to a mighty man of VALOR @user Excited about your next dimension!!! Love you! 
Gotta hold down a dub for that Flatbush Zombies show on the 1st. Throw a blunt on stage or sumn. 
1. Noel Fielding comedy gala tonight :) 2. Work all day tomorrow 3. Granny Smith festival that night 
**SEPTEMBER 12TH** I'm on stage live with some huge artists in the city of Long Beach: Ice Cube Ashanti T Pain... 
Saturday Soundtrack #4 - "Run the World (Girls)" Beyonce  
Nearing the end of Season the 1st of HANNIBAL. I love it so much already I'm devastated in advance that the show stopped before Clarice. 
I just wanna go to ihop tomorrow 
"proper geeking out today; Ant-man was so good and Under the dome till i sleep, mate im gonna be dead tomorrow" 
"Indiana friends: anybody have any interest in going to see Zac Brown Band on 13 September? Close to Indy, lawn tickets are cheap." 
Look for Carly Fiorina to take Donald Trump on - she may win - we shall see. 
"Happy May Day Folks! Be it celebrating the spring day of the yearly cycle, or singing Billy Bragg and talking about IWD, Have a Great Day!" 
Which on its surface may seem counterintuitive, but the marginal utility of Seinfeld obviously increases at an increasing rate. 
@user Salam imam Daayiee, happy belated Eid, may Allah bless you!" 
On August 31 1996, Madonna's Take A Bow spent its 38th and final week on the Billboard Adult Contemporary... 
@user the 5th quarter on Netflix is so good and sad, you should watch it if you haven't already! 
@user 'Cowboys and Aliens' comes to UK theatres on August 17th. It looks pretty good. Gonna see it for my b'day on August 23rd. 
Good lord the food in Italy is so damn good.. Found a random cheap spot in Milan.. Venice tomorrow! 
Happy birthday @user I got you a red letter day once in a life time fishing trip on lough Erne. Mon round and get it. 
Starts Friday night Irving plaza NYC me and @user touring with Chiodos <- stoked 
@user Yeah I didn't get on here over the weekend so missed all of that! But seeing the Foo Fighters Saturday was awesome! 
We need to keep the positives in our minds. Things like the emergence of Sterling, Suso making the 1st team and Suarez is bang in form. 
"George Osborne sat giggling, sums the Torirs up, it's all a game to them #SyrianRefugees" 
"Nice tribute to Frank Gifford, may he rest in peace #OnceAGiantAlwaysAGiant" 
@user Good chance she may be Gay by the time she gets out. 
@user David Wright is the 2nd best player on the #Mets now 
Yeah I’m pretty sure I’m going to Selma tomorrow. 
@user @user 18 of us watching @user and the girls tonight beat Everton live on ESPN in a bar with a beer in Spain, COYG !!" 
thinking about the number of people who may have discovered The Cure through Ant-Man makes me SO HAPPY 
Wishing the Super Eagles of Nigeria the best of luck against Tanzania tomorrow 
everything i do in life set to the instrumental of last friday night by katy perry 
I'm wearing a bob Marley shirt for picture day tomorrow and idc idc 
@user I think I may be the only thing that likes twilight garrison more than you. 
"Legendary Chuck Norris may visit Azerbaijan: We mostly talked about sports in Azerbaijan, I informed them in d...  
"I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album ""The glamorous 2nd Night of the EID, We All Together in snooker Cl"" 
Kendrick leads all with 11 #Grammy nominations.  Don't miss out on February 16th! 
Well, the sun is finally coming up, so it’s time to slap some bacon on a biscuit and get to work.  #burningdaylight  Laters, Patriots! 
Realising the Brighton game is on Sky tomorrow has made my day #BHAFC #misstheAmex 
@user Welcome to Europe Vickie,  See you on Sunday in Nottingham UK, Looking forward to you dishing some dirt on Cena and AJ. xxxxxxx" 
Did you know the 23rd is National Hot Dog Day? We're giving away free hot dogs to all our fans at the game! 
Our September 9th,  Line up for the 8th C.U. Bands and Fans  Original Artist Night    hosted by Bentley's Pub... 
Why is National Hot Dog day so close to 4th of July? Isn't it the same holiday? I have eaten so many hot dogs already... 
Woooohooo. Netflix coming to Singapore. Finally..I live in a country part of the 21st digital convenience revolution 
We are partnering up with lyft this Sunday for National Ice Cream Day. Check out there Facebook page for details. 
"Twilight Zone Tuesday! For Real! I just got back from Work, which kinda Sucked." 
Thanks again for the amazing gift @user , I can't wait to watch all the 2nd season again of Game of Thrones!... 
I literally have waited my entire life to see Chris Brown and it's happening tomorrow like I'm seriously gonna cry 
"Nice 'W' tonight with @user shooting 38, Milan 44, @user 45, Chet 48 against FM. Be ready tomorrow as we take on the Buccs" 
Aaron Lennon may have no end product but the run and assist against Milan in the CL is what he should be remembered for #NiceOneAzza 
When it's Ric Flair, I may take a week off of work... 
@user  Batman didn't testify at his 2nd trial and took deal because he didn't want DP. Can it get simpler than this? Now I'm hooked. 
it may be beyonce's bday, but we must not forget who else has a bday today... 
@user lol jk, Kane is too valuable. Teams would have to give up 1st liners for him. Dude was 2nd in scoring on the team." 
"MTV has hid the results of voting, we have 24 hours more to TWEET FOR GAGA '' #MTVStars Lady Gaga '' c'mon Monsters!" 
@user Great season, it’s been a pleasure listening to Volare in the 9th inning! Mas Ernasty ano q viene! 
The Woman In Black - the legendary ghost thriller, touring to Dubai and Abu Dhabi in November & December. More... 
Looking forward to Runrig on friday night at Barrowland. It'll be worth the 5 hour car journey down. 
"You may ask, Jarrica what are you doing at 7AM???!!? I am listening to As The World Falls Down by David Bowie.....so yeah" 
"Had a great time meeting my senators, @user and @user at the Scott Walker luncheon last Friday! 
Frank ocean is headlining on the 31st don't wanna miss out . 
Yeah, that's pretty real. Amazon Prime is that crack! Hopefully it won't rain until they deliver it to you. Lol 
Do you know who Paul Dunne is? He may make history tomorrow. Hear how! @user has details now! 
hoping Rob Elliot gets his chance too,as much as I love Harper, he was clearly off pace on Monday,Krul would have seen us win 2-0 #nufc #UEL 
Awesome day in Central Park. Looking forward to Seinfeld tour and then NXT Takeover Brooklyn tomorrow  #NXTTakeOverBrooklyn #NXTBrooklyn 
Reuters Right Now: CME acquisition provides opportunities: Oct 17 - The CME's purchase of the Kansas City Board ... 
Oracle is proud to be a sponsor of the DGI Government Customer Service Conference, August 26 in DC! Learn more: 
"On this day October 16,17 year old 114days old Lionel made his official league debut for Barca by coach Frank Rijkaard...xo happy for you..." 
"Happy 6th birthday to Murray who celebrates with us @user today! We hope you, your friends and family enjoy your special day!" 
Serena Overpowers Venus To Reach 10th US Open SF; Azarenka v Halep Wednesday: Serena still has the upper hand ... 
Kicking off this Monday with a catering order for Real Time with Bill Maher! Check out our catering menu at... 
Looks like Andy the Android may have had a little too much fun yesterday. 
"Mets are on a ROLLLL!!! And the captain, David Wright comes back tomorrow! Exciting time to be a @user fan!" 
Hope I get free @user tickets for the concert in Ohio June 1st. D: #Hopeful #Desperate. 
"I'm getting out the Gay life today and get me women, but I'll be back tomorrow...lol" 
Mariah Carey discography is untouchable. No one is closer. Y'all know it but try to defend their faves.  Janet is the 2nd 
Starting my Friday off with some Ice Cube #westside 
@user Good to see you supporting Sunnybank on Saturday. Haha 
Look for the Jurassic park suv near the Camarillo Air show on Sunday for special discounted passes to c4. Get... 
"On July 14th, Ten Thousand Villages supports @user See how you can help." 
"Pop bottles make love, thug passion, Red Bottoms, Mon Claire, high fashion." 
My little sister is trying to convince me to go to ihop tomorrow with her for those dollar pancakes 
Maybe this is the reason why Lee Soo Man find another CEO. Condolence and may he comeback soon 
@user im meeting you again on Monday :) hope you remember me Camilla Parker Bowles lol im gettin a taxi again :/ love you so much Xxxx 
Catching up on films tomorrow with 2nd watch of Ant-Man in 3D. Then 1st watch of Maggie and Southpaw.#Southpaw #Films 
"Very much looking forward to the @user @user tomorrow with Teengirl Fantasy, @user & @user - chika chika yeh." 
That movie Flight with Denzel looks really good! May have to go check it out 
Amazon Prime Day: All you need to know about day with 'more deals than Black Friday' 
#sunsetcinema continues next Thursday with RED TAILS, a fantastic portrayal of the Tuskegee Airmen in action 
"This may be about Miss America and not Miss USA, but John Oliver is always relevant/great/perfect/hilarious.  
Had a great time in Bloodborne today. Thank you to all the followers and subs!! Cya tomorrow for Dark Souls 1 and 2 NG-NG+99 progress!!! 
"GUYS! I found it! It was JIM HENSON and FRANK OZ in 1st season of SNL doing """"The Land of Gorch"""" ...statue was called """"The Mighty Favog""""" 
and on the 7th day God blessed us with Justin Bieber  
@user Hi! My bias is KAI bc he stole my heart the 1st tym I saw him in Growl. He is my 1st love in KPOP &amp; it's not changing til now 
There's a Paul McCartney show in Toronto on Oct 17 and I want to go so bad 
"Delicious Comfort food on a cold saturday: Braised Ribs with Apples, Onions, Potatoes and Sauerkraut @user 
@user May the saving light of Christ shine in the darkness of UCLA...amen. 
I'm really looking forward to adding Kanye West to our wall of presidential candidates at the office tomorrow. #VMAs 
"My cousin snapchatted me ""Ant-man tomorrow. You good?"" And these are the reasons we get along so well." 
Tonight- Jason Aldean. Tomorrow- Party all day. I can dig it. 
"Photoset: Last night was my last Saturday night of summer, and I spent it at the Zac Brown Band concert at... 
This radical Pope is close to getting excommunicated ;) May the Force be with you always, @user  
Can’t wait until April 7 going to see RiRi in concert 
"Based on the @user review of The Paperboy, I am a little excited that Nicole Kidman may be hitting into a Sharon Stone phase." 
You can now make your own Super Mario levels on Nintendo's 30th birthday 
As much as I love John Cena and respect him as a champion I want Seth Rollins to win tomorrow night! 
yo I’m excited for Royal Rumble might book that Monday off work so I can watch it 
"c'mon chelsea, even bilbao handles united and u r able to handle #Barca so do it for me, pls" 
@user - Spotted: I just saw Elvis, I’m beginning to like the temporary 7th floor office. ;) @user 
OMG Saturday at 8, p.s. I love you premieres on abc family. 
Sunday night indoors spinnin' Fleetwood Mac on the turntable. 
Welcome to the Friday Express! Aaaalllll Aboard! @ The White House 
@user 1 all with Sporting Braga yesterday. N'Zogbia scored. Bannan and Ireland played really well. Warnock looking up for it too. 
@user Tell Reed I said thank you for letting me use his portable charger at Digi on Saturday please!!!!! 
Jose Aldo vs Conor McGregor set for December 12th at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. #UFC 
"FYI @user on Kim K's Rolling Stone cover is, line for line, the funniest piece in @user today 
"Cranking Iron Maiden tomorrow when I head to work. If you are going the speed limit, get out of my way." 
"You may have seen sexy, But you've never seen Brea in nothing but my nirvana tee sexy." 
Kpop is the 2nd best thing to have ever happened to me. 
A lot easier to check @user Twitter than hunt through for the #UCA final score on Sat nights 
Who was the best 'Saturday Night Live' host? Amy Schumer. 50% of voters agree with me. 
@user Can’t wait to see you guys tomorrow sa GT at SM Bacolod! :)) 
Pink Friday is Nicki's best.  And the Pink Print is a sloppy mess. 
Will Nokia's 4G LTE Strength Help Counter the China Rout?: On Sep 2, we issued an updated research report on N... 
David Price is lucky so far...nowhere near the same guy as last Saturday 
@user I smell a 2nd PRO BOWL for my boy! Best safety in the league! Shout out for that solid legal hit! #TheHawk4ProBowl 
@user I'm hoping for the 4th b/c I'm a big ol' dork &amp; it's Star Wars Day. Ahahaha. :D 
"New event! Join us Nov 6 in Atlanta, GA to learn more about #IBM PureApplication Systems &amp; tour the Georgia Dome. 
Tomorrow night we are starting some new programs!  Yoga session 1 starts at 5PM at the courcelle building and... 
"In honor and remembrance of Tom Hagedorn """"Light the NIght"""" and support Women’s Soccer tomorrow at 7PM as they take on Gonzaga. @user 
@user Many thanks for Minecraft! It has enriched my son's life. May you find happiness, fulfillment and success in future endeavours! 
then it goes into here comes the sun from my star george harrison 
I love my Nike players!! Way to go Serena! Expecting great things from you tomorrow, federer! 
Gonna be great seeing all the plastic chelsea fans coming out the woodwork around sth london when they play us tomorrow. #NeverBeenToAGame 
Andre Villas-Boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about Adebayor wanting to leave :’’’’’’’). Great signing. 
@user Those miles are killer arent they? haha I want to see Dracula Untold and then Equalizer on Sunday. 
On September 3 2009, Madonna's Sticky And Sweet world tour was named the highest-grossing for a solo artist ever.... 
Daylight Saving Time ends this weekend.  Set your clocks back 1 hour before you go to bed on Saturday night to get an extra hour of sleep! 
"3rd day of Eid, Eid Mubarak dears all. 
I'm rewatching Saturday night's #Superstar I still cannot @user didn't make it through. That version of Blaze Of Glory was epic! 
"Iran ranks 1st in futsal held in China: Tehran, Dec 21, IRNA- Iran's futsal team ranked first in the quartet c... 
Chillin in traffic listening to Wiz. Taylor Allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his. Actually it may be in my top 10 period 
See the best storage, SDS, &amp; platform computing for virtual &amp; cloud deployments at IBM's booth @ VMWorld - Aug 30 to Sept 2 
@user Love! I love all the episodes with Kristin Chenoweth (she plays April Rhodes). I’m a fan of hers (obviously) lol! 
@user We are now in a big top instead of outside due to stinky rain but should still be amazing on Sunday. See you at Splash Dance! 
Going to the mall tomorrow to get some Xbox live for Tuesday and maybe some edo’s. I wish I could have that stuff all day #mmm 
@user  @user  Thanx for the follow!! Make sure to Check us out THIS FRIDAY!!  for TRINA!!! LIVE!!  #EmpireNOLA 
Jason Aldean was the best concet of the summer for the 3rd straight year 
"Jessica updates fans saying she will be back soon on Weibo.She posted on October 17th,""""I was so amazed by all ... 
"No joke I got a voicemail yesterday saying """"Happy Valentine’s Day"""" instead of """"Happy 4th of July"""".  Wow.  Not sure what that is all about." 
A portion of book sales from our Harper Lee/Go Set a Watchman release party on Mon. 7/13 will support @user and the great work they do. 
Meet the Amazing Race Philippines contestants. Watch it on TV5 starting tomorrow. I am excited for this show.  
anyone can come over to my house on October 19th and watch Harry Potter Deathly Hollows Pt. 1 and 2 as long as you bring a smile 
"Pop bottles, make love, Thug passion, Red Bottoms, Mon Claire, high fashion" 
This week has been a good week. Got the NBA package free on DIRECT TV until Nov 6th. NBA is fantastic!!!! 
"Was going to wait and start ""Go Set a Watchman"" on the plane tomorrow, but I don't think I can wait that long." 
"Came 6 hours before the Ed Sheeran concert began,i waited in the hot sun and almost passed out with barely any water.But it was so worth it" 
"Sunday, July 19th is National Ice Cream Day! Come to Cold Front and get a free mini cone with any purchase! #icecream 
Federer rebounds from 3-5 down in the 2nd set tb to take it 8-6. Leads Isner. 7-6(0) 7-6(6) #usopen 
Kobe Bryant ranked at number 40? #NBARank hope he  proves this ranking wrong. Lots of respect for him! One more reason to wait for Oct 28th. 
"Outfit: Pink for Eid - Salaam, Lovelies. Eid Mubarak.. and may you all have a blessed Eid! Since the last day of R... 
@user SBS popped it into an earlier time slot, across 3 weeks- so I missed the 1st one- (maddening!) but watched online- was v good. 
Pals knock2bag tonight at Rich Mix! Come and hang out. Also you can catch me on Russell Howard’s Good News tonight and tomorrow. 
watching Jurassic World for like the 7th time &amp; I still regret nothing 
Dual-SIM version of the Galaxy Note 5 may include a microSD slot after all: Just as we'd re... #Technology #Phone 
What dreams forget, the whisky remembers. Kinda like molasses in late December, justa creepin'. - Eric Church. 
My 4th time playing Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran. I love this song so much it's one of my wedding songs 
"I feel like so much happened on the VMAs.  Kanye, Taylor, Nicki and Miley, Miley released new music.. The news is gonna be CRAY tomorrow." 
"Tues: Nas ft. Olu Dara, Bridging the Gap. Good story telling. #music" 
Sat in bed singing along to Beyonce tracks as if i sound like the queen herself... #listen #irreplacable #ifiwereaboy #myvoiceisflawless 
"8th inning at Fenway. The Red Sox are 6 outs away from a 3 game sweep of the Phillies, leading 6 to 1." 
@user New Yorkers *get* Seinfeld and the humor and setting in the same way that Texans understand Friday Night Lights 
When my plane lands in Jacksonville tomorrow my big head ass boyfriend better be at the airport :) 
@user Saturday Night Live with Bee Gees or Take That? 
@user Bruh. Gotta go lol. And Chris Brown is coming this Thursday after my first day at work. Lit like Bic. 
@user @user @user @user #tbt My 1st Ducks game, only took 15yrs to get there! Best day EVER! 
I know yall listened to Kendrick x Black Friday. So tell me with a straight face J Cole just as good @user @user @user 
PAX Prime Thursday is overloaded for me with @user and Nintendo indie events going down. Also, cider!!! :p 
Giving solo DMs away with The Vamps if this gets 100 RTs! 
This picture sums it all up!  I am headed on my 2nd earned trip with Younique in just a few days. I got my... 
"Taeyeon is leading 1st for Best OST with 727,244 of votes while Jonghyun with 642,791 votes. Keep voting for Taeyeon @ MAMA now" 
@user Is that Paul McCartney on the bass in the 2nd verse of Paris? Loving the new album man. You did it again. #brandnew 
Come to the Twilight market next Tues 22 Dec from 2-6pm - your last chance to stock up before we reopen on Jan 16! 
.@kingsroadrocks Enjoy 'Fun on the Fly' with @user in Green Park on the 16th from 4-6pm. Obama is a fan! 
@user  I may sound like a parrot but Dr. Ben Carson as our leader with Carly Fiorina as his VP is a winner for all Americans. 
"Been watching/reading Naruto since 6th grade, just finished the entire thing last night, man smh" 
They should always be included in our prayers. May Allah give them the strength and power to vanquish Boko Haram. 
Tomorrow at 10h (CET), Earworms on radiom.fr, with music from Present, Noel Akchote, Mats and Morgan, Odessey and Oracle and Butthole Sufers 
I had a decent Labor Day weekend~~  the Metro Atlanta Cycling Club - MACC One Love ride on Saturday was fun and... 
ALWAYS a good day with Eric Church #OnTheJob  
Historic moment for Binghamton NY the sun came out 
Tune into BBC Four this Sunday for an exciting look into the origins of ballet: 
Looking forward to a fun weekend in the mountains and enjoying the snow in California.  Have a great Friday. 
You can tell that saving the 'Ice Princess' was one of those mundane, Monday jobs for Batman. #BatmanReturns 
Everton defender Ramiro Funes Mori could make his Premier League debut against Chelsea this Saturday. 
"Queen Latifah may be going 'Dancing': Remember when a """"DWTS"""" insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of..." 
Channel 4 30 years old on Friday! D’oh Showed some great programmes over the years, especially Paul Hogan. 
First game of the season for the Lakers tomorrow #cantwait 
@user On Hell No...great job in Sharknado. See you in Daytona in February your Body Guard from SR Perrott. Have a""Lite"" Day Brad." 
"Had no plans of seeing Paper Towns, but love @user May look into it." 
Make sure that you’re decked out in your Red, White, and Blue tomorrow for America Day!  Let’s make this homecoming week great.  #Merica 
Okay all I want is to meet Shawn at the airport because I have a game tomorrow and got vip but won't be there early 
God....we get that Mad Man preview and now the boys are on Radio 1.... HAPPY NOVEMBER 1st TO THE TWFANMILY 
I liked a @user video THSK - 4th Live Tour 27/31 - We are + Break up the she 
They shud've skipped all the stuff abt the Chronic &amp; Ice Cube writing Friday &amp; skipped to them bcoming cool w/ Eazy. Other stuff irrelevant 
@user oh nice!! You should come to our show at The Lair on Dec 1st with Heroes For Hire, Masketta Fall, Forever Ends Here and WSTP! :)" 
February 13th, the day before and best buddy to valentines day, Desperation Day 
Bobby Jindal may not be the best speaker, but he is a solid conservative, has experience governing and seems to be an honest man. 
"Bad Blood is #1 at pop radio for a 6TH WEEK! To celebrate, I'll be posting behind the scenes videos: @user  
"My view: Sunday's game going to be won in the trenches, especially #Bills defensive v. Vikings offensive lines. @user @user 
@user up there with him and dustin Johnson and I love to see there pain on a Sunday 
"If I could make the Logic and Future shows in March and a Kendrick show, I'd be content." 
@user Fluke’s famous for something said about here, not anything she did. Weird they had her scheduled to speak in the 1st place. 
@user Can't wait to see David Wright in the lineup tomorrow! Really missed him! #YaGottaBelieve #LGM 
Happy 25th birthday to the Dr Dre to my Snoop Dogg 
@user Droid Bionic, this Thursday. Never thought the day would come." 
I'm just trynna meet @user @user and @user if she's gonna be at digi tour tomorrow! 
Don’t miss Plies at Belo Nightclub on Saturday 10/6 with Z90.3 | San Diego!! Get your tickets now -... 
Don’t worry Mr. Lewis I’m going to get a perfect score on your Physics test tomorrow 
Thank GOD! There's a field trip tomorrow. Going to the Smith Center >>>> 
The Bulls head to CLE Friday night.  One night doesn’t a season make, but that was a solid win over WSH on Opening Night. 
Carly Fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world. Next to Angela Merkel, that is. 
@user o ok they got me off today wed &friday but ima talk to Zachary to see if I can work split shifts the rest of the week 
New Hurley thongs and slides all featuring the Nike free technology sole #treatyourfeet feel the sun on your toes... 
"So my crush's girlfriend is dragging him along to see Paper Towns tomorrow, coincidentally a film I want to see" 
@user Well, on the bright side, you may end up with the 5DMK III with a discount. 
THURSDAY'S LIGHTNING DEAL! Praise the sun and grab 70% off our DARK SOULS range today at 
"I may not be a lot of things, but I can write songs and I can sing.  Lady Gaga just showed the world that she fucking owns herself. Yes." 
may get to see you at digi fest!! super hyped :) @user 
Josh Hamilton hit a 2 run bomb in the top of the 10th and Rangers fans probably thought it was over LMAO 
@user hahaha shut up Cupid! Yeah hopefully it does go good and Saturday and every other day! 
Aug 27th: UFC Rio..Anderson Silva vs Yushin Okami(last man to beat him)..Expect to see the best fighter on the planet put on a fucking show! 
Martha Stewart smoked weed with Snoop Dogg because dreams come true 
Saw TRAINWRECK for the 2nd time &amp; again found it &amp; Amy Schumer brilliant as was the screenplay she wrote. Mel Brooks agreed.100% 
"After that, I'll start plugging mine and @user live tweet of the new FOX show Terra Nova on September 26. #maybewewillgetfreestuff" 
Tasting sawine for the 1st time on Eid yesterday. He enjoyed every bit of it! @user 
Got to love these three dedicated days of laziness. Back to gyming it up tomorrow. Before Ant-Man. 
@user - Just bought tickets to see Paul Rudd and co. on December 23rd.. Don’t go on vacation until after the show!! 
@user wooooooo, getting drunk on a Wednesday night with Jack Kemp, basically a dream come true." 
@user Carly Fiorina then  Trump is my 2nd choice. But prompts to both for being fearless in meeting with &amp; answering questions from media. 
Clearly RWs fault. Super stoked for Monday’s radio programming and the shit storm about how Matt Flynn doesn’t fumble that ball. 
"I was just informed that DST is on Sunday? Spring ahead, FALL BACK! *hops on organ*" 
Cole &amp; Kendrick need to make that joint album! #Fire   Kendrick Lamar &amp; J. Cole - Black Friday  
.@CllrJSaunders The next Mitcham forum meeting is on 23 October in Vestry Hall. Would welcome suggestions for the agenda. 
Amazon Prime Day sales up 18 per cent on Black Friday: Amazon has detailed its plans to make Prime Day an annu... 
Hot Deal: Charlie Rose with Kofi Annan; Edward Said; Mort Zuckerman (July 28, 2000): In anticipation of the upco... 
@user interesting that Jack Kemp and @user were both announced on the same date -- 11 August. 
Jan runs into Michelle Obama on her way to a charity event. Storm clouds begin to brew over the women as they battle for psychic control. 
"Zack, South FL, Beetus behaved, I wish it was tomorrow night. There's a prerelease party for Iron Maiden's new album.  #dsma" 
answered all requests but signing off for the night it is time for Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No! see you all tomorrow 
@user  go kim go kim go merry christmas kim kardashian may your god be with you with love peace happiness 
Kanye West was honored in a big way during Sunday night's MTV Video Music Awards by receiving the Michael Jackso... 
Crowd finally pops....for John Cena...in the 11th hour.   #raw #WWENOC #WWERaw 
You may be cool but you'll never be 'I share my birthday with Paul McCartney' cool like me 
Colts game Sunday with @user #YeahBuddy 
Kurt Cobain solo album release in November is exciting (and he's dead), far more exciting than neanderthal Ed Sheeran  #AlisaReal #NME 
RT @user Twitterverse blowing up about Shannon Sharpe's awesome Hall of Fame speech. We'll have the video clip on NFL.com a little later ... 
@user something has been bugging me lately. What if Seinfeld was current day? What if brand new episodes came out every Thursday? 
@user more interested in a possible Cena vs Ziggler match! more annoyed Ziggler didnt even wrestle tonight or on Smackdown Friday 
eyaaocampo: Yasssssss going to The Vamps And 5SOS I CAN NOT WAIT #VideoMTV2015 5 Seconds of Summer  
We start the morning with news that Floyd Mayweather will face Andre Berto on Sept 12!  Odds: 
Can’t wait to see @user in South Africa on the 14th dude is on another level... check this out 
Michael Douglas may not be coming back for another Marvel film...he did so good in Ant-Man though 
People may laugh at Kanye west. But let's not forget Kanye is one of the smartest artist/producer. 
"Janet Jackson opens #Unbreakable tour in Vancouver, introduces new song with Missy Elliott #UnbreakableVancouver 
This is the Galaxy Note 5 in all its glory: Samsung is set to announce its new Galaxy Note 5 on August 13, and... 
I look forward to Sunday's Big Brother so we can find out exactly what the actual fuck just happened in that double eviction episode. #BB17 
"I knw my ish!... ""Kev hart voice""...lol! Happy sunday!RT @user Lol:-pRT @user If kevin hart make u ... 
MusicTimes&gt; Beyonce - The audience at Saturday's 2015 Budweiser Made in America Festival fell "Crazy in Love" with... 
The weakened can never eliminate. Forgiveness may be the attribute from the strong -- Gandhi 
@user lol of course!! my fav Disney movie is the 1st Aladdin...i love the 2nd one too 
It's Prince George's 2nd birthday! With the following hashtag you can congratulate the little Prince. We wish His... 
Grateful Dead Concert Helps Put Chicago at the Top of the July 4th Destina... 
Tomorrow is my day off. Tomorrow I am going to Dunkin' Doughnuts. 
#FavoriteBaseballMovie Field of Dreams. Gets me every time. I mean c'mon playing catch with Shoeless Joe would be legendary 
"David Haye claims a fight with Vitali Klitschko """"has been agreed"""", according to the Sun. Better start protecting that big toe David..." 
@user can next Friday please get here any faster? I need the rest of #Illinois on my iPod! 
David Cameron said the U.K. would take in thousands more Syrian refugees, by @user | 
Check ignition  and may God's love be with you!!! moon shot welcome back David Wright #mets 
@user So pumped that you worked your way back up Miesha &amp; I know you'll get the W in the 3rd fight with Rousey! 
Aj already seems to be cracking and all he did was go with my dad to pick them up from the airport ; Briana and I may win this bet LOL 
Thor's going to make Herrera pay tomorrow night. Mets have the enforcer on the mound 
Excited for the Raiders game tonight 
When you realize that bye Felicia from Friday was a real experience in Straight Outta Compton with Ice Cube #MyDumdAss #ByeFelicia #bruuh 
Safe travels to my Bearcats as they travel to Topeka for their game with Washburn tomorrow @user @user @user @user 
@user my daughter celebrated her 3rd birthday, & we wanted to do it in honor of Trayvon. 
"RT @user @user #COWBOYSandALIENS Watched it last night, Cowboys & Indians (+plus Aliens too) - brilliant Western with a touch  ..." 
Ico and Shadow of the Colossus for PS4. May as well. #buildingthelist @user 
5 reasons 1st place Mets should be thrilled David Wright is back: How can you not be? 
"I've been listening to J Cole's and Kendrick's Black Friday.I mean even if it isn't a collaborative project, let the niggas drop some fire." 
Happy Friday! Please watch the video and consider donating to help change Emily and Shawn's lives by getting them... 
Bluestone Luke still looking strong as Kerry drops down the enormous step at the leaf pit and pops through the sun 
Can you believe tomorrow is opening night? Who's going to see Eric Church?? #ascend 
HOLY SHIT JACK WHITE TOMORROW! When he plays seven nation army it’ll be INSANE 
Here's a thing about rallying tomorrow, Bernie Sanders' birthday, to donate to his campaign. 
@user   That was Toronto I believe. I was about two feet to the left here, 4th row. When Niall threw himself to the floor, wow!" 
The first one is always the hardest. Way to go Thor!! Looking to tie it up tomorrow night! #LGM #MetsTwitter 
"Knowing the movie industry in Kumasi, a movie a titled """"Ayariga for President"""" may not be too far away. Please don’t disappoint me#BoxOffice" 
I’ll stop loving Jennette on the 31st Feb. February has only 28 days so it doesn’t count. <3 
"Buzzing my tits off for the Foo Fighters on Sunday, the finger will be thrown around" 
Join me tomorrow night (Thurs.) at Lexus of Santa Fe at 6 PM to find out how you too can own or lease a FREE... 
My submission for the Dark Souls story contest.  You all may as well quit now i got this in the bag.  
Finally done with my 4th period hw time to watch naruto !!! 
Yoga is good also for the skin !http://t.co/53sqqJdnpo 
#njed please join @user and myself  this Tuesday @ 8:30 PM as we discuss HIB. Special guest moderator @user glad to have you. 
Hope that The 3rd Hospital don't end up like Fashion King. Interesting in the first few episodes. But after that =_____= 
Kris Bryant keeps the #Cubs rolling with 2 out 2 run single in the 1st! 2-0 #CUBS 
Seeing everyone's posts at the Mid state Fair getting for Jason aldean is making me so excited for tomorrow :) 
Watching Freaky Friday again with Danica. #HernewFavoriteMovie Think 5 is too young to explain how good Lindsey Lohan had it before drugs? 
Fans of both Foo Fighters and Nirvana likely had that Exacta in the 4th at #Saratoga: #2 Watershed to #5 Come As You Are 
AWESOOMEEE. Monday Blues is the epitome of excellence! 
"I'm hanging out with """"Green day"""" tonight.... gonna invite the """"4 Non blondes"""" to join us after a while..... i love Music" 
Ended my 1st Fringe experience with @user Jurassic Park! Thank you for a wonderful show, absolutely brilliant! 
July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day! Come Celebrate With Us! Blake Brock will be on the deck at 6pm! 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews #DontGiveUp #Artist #FineArt 
No classes tomorrow? Watching Harry Potter for the rest of the night :) 
"Wow, Twilight Princess HD is happening on the 4th of March?!" 
OK, last chance for the #Nats. It's Werth, Rendon, Harper vs. Familia in 9th, down 8-7. 
"According to billboard ""Sorry"" is the 9th best song of the year. #VideoMTV2015 Justin Bieber" 
Matt Cain just got hooked up! key to the City and June 13th is Matt Cain Day. #BeatLA 
@user So wish I lived in Philly! Have a great show tomorrow night!! Hope one day to see you in St.Louis! 
@user I just love this new show!  I watch it every Thursday!  Jeff Foxworthy is so hilarious! 
Not an Arse hater but happy to see them come back from 0-0 down last night v Bolton to win 0-0. Awesome showing with the Terry Henry too. 
How about some newish Foo Fighters for your Thursday morning? It's Songs from the Laundry Room of course! #newmusic 
Just found myself googling 'ant man quantum realm reflection'. I may be thinking about Ant-Man too much. It is ace though. 
@user there is no horror to it! First season is the best, second is dreadful! Third is ok, just waiting for 4th on Netflix ha! 
@user @user @user @user @user Peace to you BiBi, may the Almighty protect you and Israel!" 
Monday feels a little easier after Safc res fantastic win...and the Mackems couldnt even beat us with 10 in own backyard #alwaysinourshadow 
Tomorrow I will start catching up on Hannibal. I got to ep2 of S3 and had to stop because I wasn't ready for what a ride it was gonna be. 
Bentley to Tyler Starkey on the sideline, 1st down. 
I'm going home tomorrow and I better have power at my house by 8pm so I can watch Big Brother 
The Weeknd may be Michael Jackson reincarnated... I'm just saying there are a lot of similarities musically #butthatsnoneofmybusiness 
"James Rodriguez didn't score for Colombia in their 3-0 win on Friday night, but he did pull off one extremely... 
We all went to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night...I actually enjoyed it a lot! That chimp Caesar was a great actor. Seriously. 
"Uhuru just got the blessing of Obama, African dictators and ICC sympathizers after that Hague trip. 2nd term confirmed." 
@user hold out hope for Valentine, he may win manager of the year 
hi New York peeps. did you know that you can see Oracle, Summon The Apgrod and a whole host of other #altgames at @user on the 10th? 
@user WWOOO fasho! u know i gotchu! ima c u in vegas on the 21st blud! 
Startup your Monday in the right way. Apply 2 our Pitch battle by @user at #jointheUPRISE 
This is the 8th free Lexus earner on our team. Over the moon excited for Terri and Jason! #dreambig #livehappy 
Like this chavvy girl sat on the opposite end of the bus arguing on her Nokia 
well I'm going to see Justin Bieber in March!!!! Merry Xmas to me. 
Paul Dunne going for the first amateur since Bobby Jones to win The Open and POD going for his 3rd open! #InPodWeTrust #GetHerDunne 
If we could just send TAKS scores instead of SAT/ACT my life would be a billion-trillion times easier. 
sick Dark Souls 2 stream action was had! Abledorfenheim.. the legend. we shall continue tomorrow! 
I'm just gonna Netflix and chill tomorrow again 
HAPPY 22nd BIRTHDAY  Kendall Francis Schmidt! I love you forever! Rushers will always be here for u. God bless. Mwah mwah :* @user 
Hola Sweeties.  Happy Wednesday. Had a great night at Yoga and Pilates last night and it was great Mandi joined me.  xxx :D 
"Ice Cube made his son a movie star. Now they should just do awhole new ""Friday"" with his son playing as him" 
Had a great evening learning about adoption and seeing Catelynn and Tyler speak. I admire their courage and strength! FRIDAY tomorrow! 
Just got my tickets for the edinburgh derby on sunday #hibeees 
My 21st birthday started with Beyonce's Love On Top key change at midnight. It'll be a good year. 
@user my plan for next Thursday is be on website in next B/G flick wish me happy b day bri bri 
"Happy 2nd Birthday, Prince George! See How Much He's Grown with These 28 Photos 
@user so stoked! i’m going to the irving plaza NYC show on november 18th c: 
If you missed out on Pope tix for Independence Hall,just annnounced 2 more tix avails online 4&amp;8pm Wed @user 
@user Kyle is going out for the first time tomorrow night, so proud lol states?! @user 
"So into this movie """"Good Deeds"""" I may be in love with Tyler Perry....’s talent." 
Just found out David Beckham could be at the game Saturday. Cool. 
"Justin Bieber my dyslexic king, the 1st boy i was ever sexually attracted to he has been popping my pussy since 2009 
"""""@gabrielmaturan5: Catch me on Sarah G Live this sunday!! Hehe Ingat guys! Goodnight! Love you!! :****""""" 
I think the 8th wonder of the world would be is Kip Moore and Eric Church writing and performing a song together 
@user -nods- Tomorrow will be a better day for Gotham. Our friend is the new Batman. 
Ice Cube's son O'Shea Jackson Jr may very well be the Denzel Washington of our generation. Dude is a beast 
Nokia torch is still the best phone ever made... It will fall from the 2nd floor and all u have to do is coy 
Another day off? Woo #BankHoliday! We're in from 10am-4pm tomorrow; slightly shortened hours but still with a smile on our faces :) ~ Nicki 
I hope someone blesses me with Justin Bieber tickets before March 
Going to Digi tomorrow, last time I was there it was a 2 man session (me and David) and we ended up in Powerhouse, which was certainly fun 
"Amazing!! 10,000 people in attendance at the Religious Freedom Rally at the KY State Capitol! May we stand as Christians for America!!" 
Tom Brady is named the AFC Offensive Player of the Week for the 22nd time in his career. It ties Peyton Manning for the most POW honors 
Thank you to all the awesome people who supported the cast tonight! Game Of Thrones is amazing! Might have a suprise game tomorrow. 
Away. Away. Away. Syndergaard peppering outside of the plate and then busts pitches inside. Thor has found his groove. 5K. Top 6th. 
It ends in a draw. NU gives itself a chance for a share of the Big Ten title should Michigan State lose on Saturday #B1GCats 
"The great artist George Harrison (1943-November 29, 2001). Never played showy but always in service of the song. 
@user @user in Madonna's 7th year, she earned $125million. Back then it was really expensive. 
@user it may have been against the minnows of FC Gomel, but a great performance from Rodger's Reds at Anfield tonight, and a great start!" 
I just saw on tv that Teen Mom 2 is coming out with a new season November 12th, can’t wait to see it! 
"All kinds of fun things happening for the launch of Go Set a Watchman tomorrow - come along for American-style sweets, treats + prizes #GSOW" 
Bernie Sanders may be extreme, but he honestly seems to despise poverty, racism, discrimination, war, income inequality, &amp; corrupt politics. 
YEAH HAWKS! Going to the ship for the 3rd consecutive year! So proud of everyone -- let’s conquer Gordon’s stupid grass field! #notupinhere! 
@user for the 5th time ur going to justin coco corral LOL 
"Twilight Thursday at the Arms Family Museum! Memories of Christmas Past is open 12-7 today, with music from the Mahoning Valley Chorale." 
Nokia bags nationwide small cell deal with Ooredoo Qatar: Nokia Networks on Wednesday won a nationwide small c... 
Nokia N9 in nine seconds: By Ian posted on the 13th of July 2011 at 8:35AM GLOBAL - The Nokia N9 is fast. So fast that a regular 30-s... 
@user @user @user @user I think that the 2nd place on Melodifestivalen gives the points on Eurovision! ;) 
"Man Bill Burr April 2nd, and Iron Maiden April 3. Followed by Dark Souls 3 on the 12th and eglx on the 30th? April is gonna be brutal." 
I may record the first few episodes of the next LP tomorrow. Wanted to get more info ready, but I’m think I’m good with what I have. 
"Every Tuesday after I watch @user raw all I want to do all day is walk around sayin ""My client BROCK LESNAR!"" before I start any conversation" 
HRT: We have to try and improve the car: Oct.26 (HRT) The Formula 1 World Championship returned to action today ... 
Carry On AND the illustrated Harry Potter come out this day. It's a good day for Fangirls everywhere  
These Planned Parenthood commercials are beautiful b/c they inform the public that they are so much more than what many may think to be true 
Hope to see you at our Social Media Week event in Glasgow tomorrow. #smwfilmcamp 
@ 8 am I want to give you tickets to see JANET JACKSON Sept 8 @user @user @user 
Happy birthday Roman Abramovich (24 October 1966) >> Keep the blue flag flying high <3 
"I may listen to the beatles too much, but oh well. Paul McCartney is love, Paul McCartney is life." 
"Happy how the Capitol one cup results are coming through, we beat Chelsea tomorrow and you might aswell give us the cup? #MUFC" 
Remember Frank Gifford teaming with Dandy Don Meredith and Howard Cosell or Monday Night Football. That was CAN'T MISS TV. 
Michelle Obama: US 1st Lady teams up with Wale to promote higher education 
i am going to listen to Calibraska on repeat on my flight tomorrow 
Lana Del Rey at Hammersmith Apollo in May... Very badly want tickets 
Check out Jurassic World at 9PM Wednesday in the Auditorium! Come show the raptors who's the Alpha! #UNT 
#Rangers THE UNBEATABLE ANDREW MILLER...BLOWS UP IN THE 9TH! Josh Hamilton walks it off with a 2 out knock..YANKEES LOSE 
In 8th grade I hid $200 in a Lady Gaga CD and didn't find it again until sophomore year so I felt like lady Gaga had paid me 
RUSHERS.Get BTR on Saturday Night Live by tweeting @user Big Time Rush #SNLMusic! Let's make it happen! #Time4Change 
@user I've took the kids to 1st 4 home games going on sat but only can have 2 for Chelsea so not going my history is 1 adult 3 juniors 
"Just a few hours ago Calibraska was 17th in Italy, and now it's 6th omg!!! #CalibraskaEP  Jack and jack are so talented!!" 
"What are you're top 5 movies?" "Jurassic park, the lost world jurassic park, Jurassic park 3, Jurassic world, Jurassic park 5th movie 2018" 
D'Frankie's Studios after Labor Day flash sale is going on now until tomorrow at midnight. Message us for more... 
I wish fundraising money could be easier ! I wanna go to Belize again this March Break on a mission trip ! Anyone want to support .. ? 
@user Thank you Israel! We love you &amp; God loves you. May He bless you &amp; keep you! 
George's stories may be my favorite thing about Seinfeld - he is so passionate it's wonderful 
If the weather holds out seeing The Handlebards in the Chelsea Physic Garden this Friday and Saturday should be fun! 
@user it's a day of happiness. It's Star Wars day! May the Force be with you. 
"Proper throw back Thursday playing Frank Ocean in the pub, so happs rn" 
@user may I request Katy Perry ""dark horse,"" that song really gets the dust off the speakers." 
Smart learning with great speakers in the 1st day of IBM #NWoM Summit in Copenhagen 
@user and I'm going to disneyland on monday so like I can't even go &amp; film !!! 
"After 6 seasons, Gossip Girl’s ready to say goodbye on December 17th with 2 hour special ""New York, I Love You XOXOX""" 
he was level ffs! also, he may be a problem child but no Argentine forward links with Messi better than Tevez. 
didn't get french toast at wawa cause i fully expect chris, ant, cass, and i to go to ihop tomorrow so i can order it w oj and home fries. 
Can’t wait until next Friday. Imma see my big bro Swiper and the boul Young Savage perform. 
Gerald Green Lmao My bestie said the having a Gay party at a hotel Saturday...i laughed so hard! 
This looks interesting...and you can sign in with your Google account  SAT Practice on Khan Academy via @user 
So Iron Maiden will be playing 10 dates in the US in March... Let's hope it's somewhere within a few hours. 
"Thanks, sister! Have a great 1st day in Nebraska! #PiLove RT @user Hope you have the most amazing time on your European adventure!! :)" 
@user @user I really hope the colts play the pats 1st round, Colts will play way better. Have a better run defense" 
Update on the event for Saturday Sept 12th  For those who were expecting a Fleetwood Mac open microphone night,... 
I can not tell you how many times I have watched the video of Nicki calling out Miley since Sunday night 
I'm gonna watch Jurassic World again for the 10th time 
Tomorrow, Okami will be released on PSN in HD. Can’t wait to play it again! To me, it’s one of the greatest games ever made! #okami #clover 
"RT @user Boise State, Chattanooga, Embry-Riddle and Virginia Tech receive their charters tonight, congrats and welcome gentleme ..." 
@user he was like David Abbott's edgier younger brother.  the Elvis Costello to David Abbott's George Harrison, if i may." 
Are you old enough to remember Michael Jackson attending the Grammys with Brooke Shields and Webster sat on his lap during the show? 
Iam not sure if #Reggie realizes this but statistically Gary Carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100+ years of baseball #8 #kid #lgm 
@user @user  Soton v Everton originally Sat 3pm 19th Jan. rescheduled for the Monday 8pm. Nice one Sky. #thinkingofthefans 
Great start to my 4 days off, sat on the sofa, feet up with a JD and coke listening to Al Green, get in :D 
James Rodriguez is going to be at Red Bull Arena on Friday like please come to the game on Saturday and find me 
My hope is that John Cena fighting Seth Rollins this Sunday is a result of the whole Unexpected Cena meme that's been happening lately. 
"It has been confirmed! One Direction will be on Ellen at Burbank, Calif. studio for a huge concert event on the 9th of November!" 
"Get paid on Friday and all I can think about wanting to do is go to the cinema to watch Ant-Man, too many good looking films coming out" 
Monday mornings with Cate Blanchett sure don't suck. @ JW Marriott Essex House New York 
@user are u going to digi tomorrow 
@user Hey Keith, I have the same birthday as you, October 20th. We also share birthdays with Tom Petty, &amp; Snoop Dogg! 
The Roxy is alive with THE SOUND OF MUSIC this Sunday at 1.30pm. This is the LAST chance to see it on the big... 
I like the way my 69 year old dad stumbles across random film stars shooting #theworldsend in WGC while getting Saturday paper 
@user Morning? Isn't it nearly afternoon in Ireland? :D Oh, and Good Morning to you!" 
Our friends @user Rugby team are back in Richmond tonight playing @user under Friday Night Lights. Good luck to both teams 
Seinfeld tonight tomorrow the night after that 
"Okay if Justin, Nicki, Demi, the weekend and zayn are performing I'ma have to have a 36 inch sew in tomorrow cuz my weave coming out 2night" 
@user Why you so gwapo  ^_^ Take Care Mario,going to watch Suddenly it’s Magic on Tuesday. :) 
Can't wait for Saturday- soccer am, Everton v Chelsea &amp; then the big one Liverpool v Utd  #bpl #lfc 
Love all of you, thanks you guys for showing me a new Hannibal! -Fannibal 
"23 November 1970. George Harrison released ""My Sweet Lord"" in the US. It would become the first single by a former Beatle to reach No.1" 
@user now that the attitude of a real winner. Hey, Justin Biebers manager may just be looking to sign you ... 
Waking up to Grateful Dead playing throughout the house. Happy Friday indeed. 
"Just call her Chef! Lady Gaga gets back to her Italian roots as she shares...: on Sat., Lady Gaga, 29, proudly... 
"Listening to a gay man narrating his love life is the nicest thing I have ever done :)   C'mon people,  I am in Brazil :)" 
Such a fun party! Happy 17th birthday Briana! Everyone loved doing a paint party at the sleepover and the... 
Tons of preseason football and an important jays game with David price on the mound. Ideal friday 
"can't wait for tomorrow...we are going to watch Paper Towns, I am so excited, yaaay" 
"Kris Bryant sent Cubs fans home happy Monday, belting a walk-off, solo home run in the ninth inning versus the Indians." 
@user I have this group called The Brits (nice name right haha) and it’s our 1st monthsary today. Mind greeting us? X 
"May Odin, Thor, and Frey lend me the strength of my Viking ancestors to make it through my next two finals. #backtostroz #FiNoles" 
YAAASSS hire him full time so he and Seth Rollins can beef forever 
hope my interview go A1 tomorrow , I really want this job . 
@user So many! Up All Night, Terra Nova, Person of Interest, American Horror Story - hot damn, it's gonna be a good year." 
I'm just waiting until Thursday. I won't be at school. I'll be at the Smith Center the entire day. FUCK YEAHHHH 
"#SummerSlam Brock Lesnar against the Dead Man, C'mon Undertaker, #Unbelieveable #Electrifying" 
@user Thanks for the follow Brian! Hope you have a Super Tuesday! 
"Katy Perry killin a beer in Oxford - Hotty Toddy - wish I had been there Saturday for the game" 
Congratulations on scoring your first goal for Swansea yesterday. May I say that you look exactly like Jonas Gutierrez ! @user 
Dustin Johnson straight dominating the majors on Thursday and Friday and folding on the weekend. #boogersugarftw 
My dad just bought him and I v.i.p tickets to see Paul McCartney in October and I am so fucking stoked 
Hm. Maybe to make up for such a short stream today I'll stream through all of Dark Souls on Monday.. 
daniel radcliffe was sooo attractive in the 3rd and 5th films omg im in love 
I am glad the Sanhedrin is back in business (because of the 3rd Temple) and will be trying Obama and the Pope in absentia Well deserved. 
Weezy's Carter IV out on the 29th ! lets fuckin go 
Good Job chicago bulls 1st win of the new season and derrick rose wasn't even on the court 
@user I'm too sexy for Milan, too sexy,too,sexy I'm singing Right Said Fred to cheer you up this Monday" 
@user May the gods be praised. I love Netflix. 
@user ((I feel you may have a date with Amazon today!)) 
@user @user so glad they are bringing Angela back. this makes me happy I just hope Shawn and Angela get their 2nd chance 
Although his birthday is actually tomorrow, I feel like today- Labor Day -is Bernie Sanders' favorite day 
"Kendrick Lamar - A Tale of 2 Cities [Black Friday] this is so good, I feel like smashing my head into the wall. 
Yeay..hopefully RunMan ep 91 with Eng Sub will be out by Tuesday...Can’t wait to watch it!!!Go Go Go Yooruce Willis...Yoo Jae Suk jjang!! 
Check out derby on the big screen at tomorrow night's screening of @user at Creative Alliance! 
Wednesday's One Minute Warm Up:  a chart of the 330 punts last wknd &amp; Pats ower Robert Kraft gets his own Nike shoe 
"Well, you're white so you're Gucci!   Avoid the sun though because you might get tan!! 
@user Going on Tuesday against Boro. Should be a good game.  Not sure about Wednesday game. Hope to go. 
Is it true that Selena's new album comes out on November 24th!!!!!! I can't wait 
For the adorable and loveable man, Song Joongki, Happy 27th Birthday! 
@user My daughter was so looking forward to seeing you at wembley in Sunday. She's cried since finding out. Get well soon Ashton xxx 
@user @user looks like we'll be getting an extended look at Gerald Green, Saturday. Running w/ the starters in practice w/ DG out." 
"Chris I'm going to Disneyland tomorrow" "Buy me new toy" ok little one 
Carly Fiorina got a bump in the polls and in fundraising after her solid performance in Thursday's pre-debate forum. 
"Great weekend thus far, gig with the boys on Friday, gym and sold my car on Saturday, birthday @ Mitcham today. Booze free and saving cash!" 
We are so excited to celebrate International Women's Friendship Month with you! Be there tomorrow in Eleanor Searle at 5:30 PM :) 
Thank you all that came to my channel to watch some Batman failure action tonight. I will be back tomorrow maybe sunday. 
"Unbelievable stuff from Paul Dunne. Hopefully he can repeat it tomorrow, either way it's an heroic performance." 
I'm gonna get the Moto G (3rd Gen) 
@user brought my tickets yesterday at the pre sale constitution hall in dc..btw way I love ur new album...nov.4th...epic night...can’t wait.. 
Get your picture taken with Hillary Sept 10 in Cincinnati.2-4PM... 
"The Tigers ended last season with Max Scherzer, Justin Verlander and David Price in rotation. They will start Randy Wolf on Sunday. Wow." 
ps. good luck to all yall hittin up the ACT tomorrow 
@user Getting my Xbox back tomorrow! Honestly can’t wait! - My friends wants a competitive 3v3, see if Cole is up for it man! 
Drake tomorrow at The Kee to Bala. This might be the most excited I have ever been for a concert 
@user follow @user , find her on NOVEMBER 26. meet her. she’ll be at the bell center by 4:00pm ITS HER DREAM 2 MEET U!!90 
Look @user I found the 1st #Snapdragon Phone in my stuff from #Toshiba and @user Still Working :) 
@user wow the world may cave in on itself! Piper and Mike D of @user in the same picture #heroes 
"RT @user Oh look, Four Lions is on Channel 4 tonight. Do watch it if you haven't before. Brilliant film; I properly laughed an ..." 
@user Fair enough. Unrelated, think I may go see Ant-Man again tomorrow if you're interested." 
Hmmmm Balotelli may have came back to Milan at the right time ...Adriano and Bacca both stepped their game up... #wearemilan #ACMilan 
Recommended: Verizon begins shipping Galaxy Note 5, T-Mobile will start tomorrow: Pre-orders for the Samsung G... 
RT @user RT @user Retweet if you're ready for Big Brother tonight! #teamjorchel #bb13 #cbsbigbrother can't wait. :) go jochel 
"got a free ticket to the San Diego County Fair for Indepence Day in Del Mar, CA for anyone who wants it." 
Watching the Kony 2012 video for the 3rd time. This time in adviory. 
"Check out the scene at Stylish Wave Extra on April 22! GUILD, ZUCK, vNEU, HERO, BORN, UNITE, MICRO HEAD4NS, Kra, Kiryu! 
With Veteran Day Sun I want you to thank all the Military People. We have the best son that gave over 20 years at... 
The big showdown Nov 10 :-) Are you guys coming to Vancouver for the Ducks game? @user 
To Pray Namaz with my kids is perhaps the highest happiest &amp; most heartening part of Eid. May Allah keep the children of the world healthy. 
The mobile game "Snake" may end up being the most lucrative part of Microsoft's Nokia purchase. 
Off to Carrow Road Saturday to see the mighty Canaries shit all over Stoke :-) Angry bloke will no doubt be sat behind me AGAIN! 
David Price is pitching today for the Jays. I feel a 12th win in a row coming tonight 
@user ..Morning Austin.....I’m going to bed now..hahha 8:45pm in South Africa.Writing math exam tomorrow.Wish me luck Xx 
"Jason Lown.... I know you can appreciate this:  Janet Jackson's 3rd single from her 4th album, Escapade, came on... 
Tough proposition promoting ibm machine accessories october live pretty the strong point superego cannot help but inasmuch as prom: vdzjS 
Floyd Mayweather Says Muhammad Ali Is the 5th Best Boxer of All Time 
David Beckham just scored a really big assist. In Tuesday's debut of the Good Samaritan show "Knock Knock: Live" on Fox, the soccer great 
My friend @user is selling tickets for the Jonas Brothers concert @ Fort Canning on Monday @ $50/ticket. That’s half price! RT! 
"Yeah, I think I want a Seth Rollins shirt. Cuz that's what champions do. His 1st-X-Men-movie-costume pants wouldn't hurt, either. #raw" 
@user and were surprised to find it contained the 5th season of Game of Thrones... 
@user @user @user You LOVE my Julie Andrews references. Do not lie. Plus it's only like the 2nd time I've mentioned it. 
@user may just reinvent personal computing   via @user  #HoloLens #Microsoft 
Just take me back to Saturday when Jason aldean sang big green tractor because I fucking love that song and it was 17373X's better live 
Re-reading the Harry Potter series &amp; not giving my uni books a 2nd look has been a great way to spend my summer. Thank you @user xx 
Ok, Party People, who’s going to be at Jeff Timmons’ Last Wired Show tomorrow night? Show him some Love if you’re in town! :) 
"Pres Barak Obama,1st,I wanted to let u know,I luv u.U hv been 1 of the BEST pres in this county,&amp; done GREAT.Howevr,PLS STOP Iran's Visa VWP" 
Gas by my house hit $3.39!!!! I’m going to Chapel Hill on Sat. :) 
Kris Bryant's 21st home run on the season gives the Cubs an early 2-0 lead! 
"Well done to the Top 3 yesterday 1. Omega 2. EJ Bull Ring 3. LD Merry Hill  The big Q4 starts today!  """"Treat this Christmas like your 1st""""" 
@user Franko's RBI single in the top of the 1st gives Gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom. Atta way @user ! 
Gutted that Hannibal has finished,really hope someone pics it up for Fuller to do a 4th season or even a movie,sure @user would agree 
[humanicators] Free outdoor screening of Jurassic Park on the East Campus Quad - this Wed. at 9pm 
It's sunday so you know what that means. Taking over .@OriginPC with episode 5 of Game of Thrones come on down 
Finally got to see The Announcement #Magic ...very inspiring story to never give up...God will help no matter what the circumstances may be 
RT @user want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight.  the man is a total class act.  #ctv  #l ... 
"Niki Lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight, Sunday's Japanese Grand Prix was run the correct way.... 
Cmon we are in the 2nd spot! Let's regain the #1 ! Less than 2 days till voting closes #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
SPX rallying on #sfgiants going up 3-0 in 1st inning 
Hi @user how the editing of your new @user video coming along? Up tomorrow ? Waiting to watch it. Ant-man opens here tomorrow 
The Miss USA pageant was tonight so that means there will be a lot more girls at the gym tomorrow 
I may need a co-owner but she has to be good in english, and to post a lot of Lou, Lux, Tom, etc.. pics ! :) 
@user I’m awake! I love the cover of the new Tomb Raider! Can’t wait till March 5th! 
@user I didnt want to just pop up... but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come.. and shes great ill tell her you asked 
@user Iron Maiden will probably keep me going until the match tomorrow night lol 
Paul dunne holding his own. Exciting day of golf planned for tomorrow #TheOpen2015 
"Did you know - this Sunday is National Ice Cream Day! To celebrate, I'll be tucking in to my favourite ice cream,... 
@user Disclaimer: Some music may cause high BP spikes, I showed up to my Dr Appt with a BP of 180/190 after rocking to Nirvana ;)" 
Yup it’s National Bieber Day , cuz our baby just turned 18 @user #LoveYaForeverNAlways 
RT if you're stoked about Monday Night Football!! 
Jgh from SPC with Yfc 3rd years. Masaya na nakakalungkot. I hope for our change guys. #YfcPublishingISULONG 
It’s National Bieber Day, he’s 18. I love @user I just wanna say #HappyBirthdayMyKidrauhl follow me on your birthday’s #BELIEVE #2 
So who's gonna be at the Pride parade tomorrow/who wants to come with ya boy? 
Looking to expand my team with #younique #uk can join now and start selling November 1st. Younique's natural based products. 
Interlaken kissed by the sun. Taste them Saturday 
Amazon Prime Day:  34.4 million items ordered breaking all Black Friday records with 398 items ordered per second. 
We thank you Thomas, we all thank youRT @user Tom Brady wins AFC offensive player of the week for 22nd time 
"Saturday night in with toast, hot choc & @user on E News #happydays" 
"Oh tomorrow I'll probably rant about black fashion and blacks aspiration to purchase luxury brands (Louis, Gucci, Versace, etc)" 
@user Covering the Paley event with the cast tomorrow. Wish you were coming with me. 
Will be presenting speakers at this Friday's youth shout out forum at Challenge Stadium with the honorable Julie Bishop and Peter Garrett. 
Pakistan Cricket Board hopeful of Bangladesh visit: Karachi: Pakistan’s cricket board said on Sunday it hopes to... 
I saw Paper Towns on Wednesday and I really loved it but I was a little disappointed in how Margo was portrayed in the movie.... 
Toyota hybrids alias heavy demand credits-grease the palm in front of january 1st: MeKupvjcm 
Fuck everyone else #dexter is my friend tonight. Bring it season 4 
"""""Counting"""" by Christina Grimmie reminds me of Nashville. I always listen to it on the roadtrip. Saturday will be no exception :)" 
RT @user If the votes are for the best album then PJ Harvey will win tonight 
Royal Blood is here recording a bad ass new song before their show with Foo Fighters at DTE tomorrow! 
@user JUST found out about Binghamton NY next Saturday - can't wait! :) #Spiediefest #RoadTrip 
Arm hurts like crazy Open house tomorrow and Church tonight!!!! I love them so much <3 
I won the 2nd Star in my McLaren 12C in #CSRRacing #RaceYourFriends. Download FREE! 
LIMITED AVAILABILITY! REGISTER TODAY!! "Minecraft may have started out as just a game, but it has become much more... 
Done with Tec Exam alhamdulillah. Lunch break before Eng class. Hope everyone’s having a good Friday ! 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews 
Roger Johnson looked good on Tuesday. Looks like he wants to play for us now. Hopefully he’ll show why we paid the money for him! #wwfc 
as I walk into all my classes tomorrow can someone play the john cena walk on song okay thank you 
Focus on Faith and Climate Change: Pope Francis &amp; the 4th era of the Catholic Church's engagement w/science Premium 
Obama's day: The Duke Blue Devils: President Obama opens a post-Labor Day week Tuesday by welcoming the champi... 
Up 20 points in my money league with Vernon Davis and L. Fitz still to go tomorrow. Thats what I like to see 
"I'll finally be purchasing a PS4 in October! I'll be one of the cool kids ^.^ oh and my kill to death is pretty insane, watch out on COD ;)" 
Yoga class! Wed at 7pm! Healing Arts Collective in Philadelphia - check the link for details 
@user @user Ask Scott Walker he seems to be in the game. Puns always intended;-). Happy Monday! 
Jubiliant Girl won the 5th, trainer John Sadler’s 1,997th TB win in N. America. He also has 2 TB wins vs. QH and 1 win in Dubai. #santaanita 
Godfrey was kinda funny though on comedy central tonight. 
"Circoloco #circoloco tomorrow, get a good nights kip cos tomorrow it's jump off time" 
"Didn't want to wait until October 10 for Boruto: Naruto the Movie, so I flew to Osaka, Japan to watch it! 
"Lady Gaga, Diane Warren, Kirby Dick, &amp; Amy Ziering sat down with The New York Times. Watch the full video here: 
I could go see Jason Aldean for free tomorrow... But I'm not even trying to give homeboy the wrong impression cause he's already aggravatin 
@user lots of hot toddies needed! got tickets to see you at Rich Mix on Sunday as part of a birthday treat, hope you’re better by then! 
Happy 60th birthday actor Wayne Knight / In Seinfeld and Third Rock from the Sun, you may sight. 
@user Feel so much better knowing Thor will be in the house Sunday. 
Already done ! See you at Milan 
The new Fantastic Four movie isn't that bad at all! Tomorrow I'm going to watch Ant-Man! :) 
See you guys tomorrow at SM STA. ROSA! I’ll be performing for SM Cyberzone grand launch event :) 
@user i would do anything for meet&amp;greets for Ed Sheeran's Toronto show on september 20th. any way you can help? 
@user that's what I was thinking when I heard Apple event!!! The one on the 22nd 
@user you guys I see you soon tomorrow OMG omg  yay I love you guys so much come to our malls later on today ok I want to see Niall 
@user I am advising you as a brother in Islam please take this on board. May Allah bless you akhi. 
Hey everyone, Thanks for hanging out with us last night on google+ one more on Thurs, Aug 27 at 7:00pm. don't... 
Going to see Jurassic World for the 8th time, but this time with my Dad 
I can't describe what watching David Wright homer in his 1st AB just felt like. On The Captain's @user return: #mets 
Our last draw for an HD TV is today, 24 Feb., at noon. Good luck, everyone! Details to enter the #pplHDTV comp: 
"Some good news some of the time: teenager finds pics of Nirvana's first gig, world rejoices 
RT @user The brilliant Drew Westen offers a great critique of the Obama presidency: 
I bought Kesha's debut album for $7 in 9th grade and thought I would regret it. Now I'm almost 20 and still inappropriately dancing to it. 
Juventus! @user Roma v Juventus kickoff #SerieA Sunday. Who do you love?" 
Thursday is my favorite holiday of the year... NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY!!!!!!! 
@user Good Night we waiting for tomorrow can we have TWITCAM please with Maite 
@user Hey there David Taylor. Nice to have you along sir. How is your Friday? #mushroomfm 
Valentine's just keeps getting better for me. Saw the trailer to MY SUPER PSYCHO SWEET 16 PART 3 and it airs on MTV March 13th! YESS!!! 
For Christmas I got Justin Bieber Tickets... holy fuck... all this time I'm finally going to see him in my very first concert on April 9th!! 
i know you beat seth rollins on this sunday...............beacause the real champ is here 
December 4th only cause I used the beginning in my Jay-Z speech for class 
Tracking Texas A&M Football Players in the 2012 NFL Draft: Texas A&M may have the biggest surprise of the 2012 N... 
@user May #beauty &amp; #love rest within your soul. Have a wonderful day, Ira! 
@user U guys talk about Eli in the 4th qt Big Ben isn’t to shabby either and steelers fans aren’t complaining trust me 
i may or may not be crying as i listen to calibraska for the 1037292947291 time bc of how proud i am of jack and jack ((-': 
Well done Paul Dunne!! Played a great round of golf today. Could he actually win #TheOpen2015 tomorrow???? 
@user Congrats on truck win. So happy 4 Denny! Hope 4 Win on Sunday! U looked super cute in Victory Lane. Best Of luck with ur babygirl 
Can't wait for our first Vinyasa Power Yoga class tomorrow with our new instructor Arielle!  Come join us at... 
@user Joining Oracle on Monday. Enjoyed very much the hiring process. Looking forward to improve Oracle's footprint in Asia. 
It's bernie sanders' birthday on the 8th im excited I love him 
@user @user haha I just told someone I'm still enjoying the Labor Day weekend and was told it's Tuesday. 
Check this out! I have  Chris Brown with Kid Ink, Fetty Wap, Omarion, and Teyana Taylor at Austin 360 tomorrow.... 
This weekend is a #GoldenOpportunity to get the Lexus you've been dreaming about all summer! Come see us! We're open today and tomorrow! 
No videos tomorrow, except for one. And, honestly, it is the biggest thing to happen to the group since we moved to making LP videos. 
Current person level of the Friday struggle: rocking out to Ed Sheeran   #Fridaze 
"Officially vacation week...ok, well starting tomorrow. Pirates game, Foo Fighters concert &amp; spending time with @user 
LOL? Lady Gaga is attending Britney's concert tonight. She's in an arena full of Britney fans. We really did make her brave 
NFL Legend Frank Gifford Passes Away at 84. Most will remember him on Monday Night Football. Did you see him play? 
Winter Jam is all set up! The artist line up and tour dates will be announced on October 30th! Who do you hope is going to be announced? 
Gotta go see Flight tomorrow Denzel is the greatest actor ever 
@user Yeah, Ant-man fails on Jan and her daughter, but it's still a better movie than FF according to reviewers I trust." 
"Mannn, Kendrick may be better than Future, but I would rather listen to Future am day of the week." 
In case you missed it, or want to look for yourself, last Sunday's 21st annual #LdnOnt Pride Parade airs at 8 p.m. tonight on Rogers TV. 
"Anyway, I want to see Sanchez play today. Make it happen, Guardiola. K, thanks." 
#enlightenedrepublican. Kudos to John Kasich showing respect to those with whom he may not agree. 
@user oooh nice .. Tis tempting to go up the lakes with my Nikon ...  Hmmmm I may do that .. 
[Reddit] - If you're going to AC/DC tomorrow at Gillette, don't forget your Free Brady shirt! 
@user @user saw your post; just sent you some donations via Amazon that should be arriving Thursday. Keep up your good work!! 
"#TBT - Who doesn't love it when the ice cream truck comes to visit?  National Ice Cream Day is Sunday, July 19th! 
everyone wore their nirvana shirts yesterday n last week friday im wearing mine 2day keepin it goin !!! 
How about a Day of Action and Meetups on Sat Oct 18th  with Jacqui Gingras  9:30 AM for Coffee @ Cafe Mazzega in #Lumby we'll be there :) 
"Glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll. Auburn, which is likely to finish 5th in SEC West, No. 19 in country?" 
I'd love for someone to come down here the 10th &amp; see Ed Sheeran with me 
Ed Sheeran tomorrow!!! You ready to be up close and personal with my future husband @user 
"tomorrow it's my birthday and well, it would mean the world to me if a specific guy names Niall would notice me @user 
"I *COULD* see Ant-Man today, OR, I could see the live action Attack on Titan movie in theatres tomorrow...." 
@user boo!  Well, Carmel is a nice 2nd to Mass.  Will you @user b Dtown Carmel? 
after J cole &amp; Kendrick Lamar dropped their Black Friday gifts and I wasn't paying attention... I am going to their concerts idc I'm going 
Paul McCartney coming to my hometown  for the first time in October! Have to get tickets! 
"Y'ello,the following people have won Invites to the Headies (main event) tomorrow.  Venue: Eko Hotel and Suites,... 
@user is so damn cute!!! 1 day to go DIRECTIONERS!!!!!!!! It’s coming out at 8 tomorrow!!!!!! Liam 2mm morning 
@user Hi, Niall!  Tomorrow is @user 15th &amp; she absolutely loves u. If you could pls tweet her, it would make her day!" 
We are giving you one FINAL CHANCE to preorder these pre-sold out CEs! Thursday, 11am AEST - get ready! 
Remembering how normal it was to see Ice Cube at our high school all the time   Sat right in front of him at a play too lmao 
@user If I remember correctly, you're a Conor McGregor fan. If you didn't hear, the Jose Aldo match is set for Dec 12th in Vegas. 
3rd and 7 for #NotreDame and Chris Brown catches the 1st Down Pass 
Still can't stop thinking about last nights fight card! Conor McGregor may talk a lot of smack but he always delivers. #ufc189 #McGregor 
January's Baby Miss Heart of the USA Calendar Queen enjoying ice cream on National Ice Cream Day over the weekend! 
There is a 7ish year old girl at the walk in clinic and she just sang Roar by Katy Perry start to finish and my hormones may lead me to 
Got called up to the big leagues for next Thursday's NFL contest between the Jags and Colts. Here's to new contacts in the industry! #luvit 
"It's official: FINALLY get to go see Ant-Man tomorrow!! First real day off in 2 months!! So stoked- NO SPOILERS, MARVEL NATION!!" 
@user I finally saw Ant-Man on Tuesday I really enjoyed it, the movie was so good &amp; entertaining &amp; I enjoyed the Spider-Man reference" 
"We have two tickets to see the ZAC BROWN BAND on Friday, September 4th!  Anybody interested?  Like, Comment or... 
Sad to hear about Frank Gifford's passing. I always remember him with Al Michaels and Dan Dierdorf on Monday Night Football 
@user Thank you, Thor! I hope your Friday is amazing." 
When the radiostation you work at constantly talks about the U2 gig tonight and YOU DEFO CANT WAIT UNTIL TOMORROW DAMNIT 
These last two weekends were just overall amazing. Now i gotta sharpen up for SATs on Saturday.:$ 
@user Colombia beat El Salvador Friday in Jersey so it's probably them. That's pretty cool. Is James Rodriguez there, too?" 
"Tomorrow, tomorrow, I'll sell you, tomorrow, Watchman's only a day awaaaay. #GSAW #GoSetAWatchman #Annie doors open at 8am, see you then! :)" 
"We would like to wish all the ladies &amp; gentleman in the NURSING profession a Happy Nurses Day for tomorrow, 12 May... 
"Don't wanna be an Italian idiot. thanks for tonight Turin you were badass, see ya tomorrow Milan" 
So the promotion for Smash Project steps up tomorrow. Stoked for the things to come ;) 
@user good luck Saturday mate you might be a bitter blue but you're a proud Liverpudlian and I'll be supporting you all the way 
"The name's Smith, Sam Smith. The songsmith's just been confirmed as the #SPECTRE singer, hear his Bond song ""Writing's on the Wall"" Sept 25" 
Trump to Sign Republication Loyalty Pledge: On Thursday, Donald Trump announced that he, too, signed t... #NASCAR 
When you have the best boyfriend ever.... BACK STAGE PASSES TO ERIC CHURCH IN SEPTEMBER @user 
My dad and I were the only ones who stayed to see the 2nd extra scene after the credits for Ant-Man. 
Sat in the car on this rainy Saturday and @user FM play My Sweet Lord by George Harrison. Mood improves 100% immediately. 
good morning :) tomorrows my birthday ahhh im so excited ^_^ tonight will be amazing #beerandtacOs wattup JETS! 
So how is everyone's Sunday going? I was awakened by @user surprisingly making a lot of sense about Tom Brady on @user 
@user its my birthday tomorrow &amp; all i want from u is a follow!!! Please follow meee Maite 
@user please please follow me' thank u for come to mexico the 30 september I LOVE U SO MUCH :$ #nsn :BBB 
He also opened for Jason Aldean in April. And he put on a good show too! &lt;3 Tyler Farr &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Kristi 
Serena just needs to win two more matches to win the last 5 majors/4 in a single year/last 4 us opens 
@user oh that'll be nice. Where you going? Umm think I'm going to see inbetweeners on Wednesday, otherwise free? Hannibal rising?" 
"David Price's 2nd pitcher of the week, Josh Donaldson's 2nd hitter of the week, Corey Kluber's 3rd pitcher of the day." 
Thanks for all the great Google+ reviews so far!! Remember to write yours by September 22nd to be eligible to WIN... 
I have to admit John Kasich may be the most competent person on the stage... 
Halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind New Year’s Eve and Super Bowl Sunday 
@user The Tigers know it's a big game as well: resting Martinez & Alburquerque Monday and bumping Verlander. 
"#bbcdp Great to see EU Solidarity from George Osborne whose 1st Worry was about the effect of GREEK Crisis on UK Economy, not Poor GREEK Ppl" 
Purdue's Bentley and the defense in shut down mode on their first series. Mr. Optimist wonders if Boilers can get 1st play mulligan? 
@user   @user  Am i the only one EXCITED about Calibraska coming out July 24th?! 
Welcome to Andy’s how may I help you 
@user haha, @user are up and about! Will have fun at work tomorrow w the lions fans...Port got smashed too #goodtimes" 
Our new dance instructor for #ClubFitness has toured w/ Beyonce!!! You know our Beyonce themed night is going to be CRAZY!!! 
Star Wars Day 5/12 @user via @user May the force be with you! #StarWars #LDCAtlanta 
The Beckham kids may get everything they want but they won't know the feeling of playing snake on the old nokia phones 
Looking forward to going to the Colts game this evening! 
Joe Cronin Calling the Action Friday Night - The NATURE BOY Ric Flair Is in the House  @user   @user @user  @user 
I may not be a fan of the boy-scout John Cena character but the work he does in real for terminally ill kids is really special. 
@user let's play Saturday. Me you vs. Meg and kyle 
Wanna see stars this Friday? Check out the Red Stars we have coming in! 
TO DO LIST: Kick of your Saturday night RIGHT with BEN SOLLEE at U Street Music Hall! @user @user @user 
@user it’s great, childhood memories for me. If you like Douglas Adams you may like Terry Pratchett: satire pretending to be fantasy 
@user @user we may have had a small Fleetwood Mac style party in your yard but it's okay we invited the neighbors lolol 
Breaking News: #New Haven New Haven- Labor Day means fun in the sun 
@user glad to hear everyone is ok! A catch up is on the cards soon I'm back from Seoul on Saturday. 
@user I laughed a little, but not sharing them out with anyone. Will the weather be good tomorrow for Boris Bikes?" 
Is it weird I'm excited for Sharknado 3 tomorrow night? 
Transparent is a good show, recommend it! On Amazon Prime though so if you don't have it you may have to locate another means of watching :P 
Big week... Revs tonight, Ice Cream @user Tuesday, and upstairs for Project X @user Wednesday for Halloween. Totally buzzing. 
now I'm going to sleep in Italy and already night so I go to bed and tomorrow morning I want to see Justin is following you @user 
glad i caught up on sweet home alabama yesterday finally bc it comes back on tonight! 
@user @user Well aren’t you good!  Happy anniversary. May many owls serenade you with Ricky Martin songs. 
Appreciate your recent Retweets @user @user @user have a great Monday and welcome to the gay travel community 
.@brc_222 #brc222 Interesting! It's going to be a challenge for Apple to top Netflix originals though! #OITNB  
@user happy birthday bro! better not see you at dunkin tomorrow 
Best. Day. Ever. Okay maybe not ever, but it was pretty awesome! ZzzZzzZZZz and Disneyland tomorrow!!! #lastfewdaysoffreedom #lovemylife 
(2 of 3) ...And despite what you may have seen on TV, the Jersey Shore is a place beloved by (and home to) many many good people... 
Sum1'll say he saw PMB wt Michelle Obama @ a hotel kissin n d nxt 2nd ur readn it online alrdy! No e4ts 2 find out d authenticity of d story 
Justin may grow up but he will always be the same ALWAY the Kidrauhl tht will be caring for fans being weird and making others smile 
#Hannibal has been a brilliant series tho &amp; the fact we don't know if Hannibal is still alive leaves door open for a 4th season #Hopefully 
National hot dog day is July 23rd! Make sure you make plans to get some dogs! We will have them ready for you! :-) 
Disneyland for babes 3rd birthday, everything's paid for. Relax time with my #1 
@user Lets hope they beat Leeds United, are you going to the match tomorrow, COME ON U MILLERS!!! #rufc" 
"Up the reds today evening as the Arsenal's girls we'll lead the way into Meadow Park to face Everton, tough game we must get full 3 points!" 
Babysitting all day tonight... blahhh.. but cant wait for Friday!! Club Pulse baby!!!! Whoot Whoot!!!! 
Feels like the play.......  David Price tomorrow in the Bronx Zoo.  Go Jays... 
"Light up this #Diwali with a thunderous blockbuster, Thor: The Dark World, tomorrow at 11 PM! 
can't wait to see serena on friday!jennifer lawrence looked gorgeous last night at the premier 
Chris Rene can win one more time before he has to retire with Rockin' With You.  Monday he goes up against Hunter... 
@user it is true 4th biggest behind Barca, RM and Manchester United with over 50m fans 
"Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week for the 22nd time, bringing him back up even with Peyton Manning for most ever." 
Thursday night is reserved for comedys on NBC, FX and tonight, NFL Network. 
@user @user it worked well for the IRA too, you would think the English may have learnt something by now" 
so excited to go back to work tomorrow on national hot dog day 
If you’re with MetroPCS then this is probably the best phone you can buy 
Loving Friday with Jason Aldean on Today! #JasonAldeanTODAY 
Cate Blanchett leads the winners at the 5th annual AACTA Awards | Daily Mail Online 
"[Picture, Translation] Sina Interview with Hyung Jun ^^video thanks to hyungjunthebest@youtube 
I really might wear my David wright jersey and carry around a broom all day tomorrow 
Serena won. The Cubs are winning in St. Louis. I'm enjoying sports lately. Too bad the Bears play this Sunday. 
Requests for Oasis, Steve Miller Band, AC/DC, Big Country &amp; The Banter Thiefs all make the cut for tomorrow's #MFCLive Playlist. 
4 more days to go and we’re off to the @user London Conference on Saturday - we’re excited to network with other Youth Councils again! 
@user Could you wish a Friend Happy Birthday? :) His name is Laurin!  It’s his 18th Birthday and he’s a big fan. Thanks in advance! 
FACT:This is the 5th straight yr JOHN CENA is in the #WWE Champ match at #SummerSlam! He has also LOST 4 consecutive title matches!#Cenation 
"Anyway, I'm going to the theaters tomorrow to watch Ant-man! I'm really excited. ;o;)b" 
"Happy Eid Mubarak dear all friends. May the blessings of Allah be with you today, tomorrow and always. Happy Eid... 
I move in tomorrow and I'm not done packing but like... Maybe I'll just binge watch Game of Thrones... 
"Good morning from the Eternal City where the sun is shining and world is well. Proud of my @user shirt, the Union Flag, and #Yorkshire." 
Hope to hear more about Apple Watch than iPhone. @user Apple Invites Press To iPhone Event On September 9th 
@user but then again. Real Madrid rule Spanish football. So they may still push it through even after the their window closes. 
"Musical awareness: Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow has an ending, Now is the time does not" 
First time seeing the @user @user 54 in person! Can't wait to see it in Victory Lane tomorrow! 
National Ice Cream Day Arrives on July 19 with These Shops Giving Out Free Ice Cream 
Double up on dogs - July is National Hot Dog Month &amp; today is National Hot Dog Day! How do you top off your dog? 
"Breaking news: AHS Varsity Singers has moved from 26th to 25th nationally! Way to go Auburn! #startedfromthebottumnowwe'rehere 
"I love ICONiacz that stand up for the Boyz and the ICONiac family. We may not have the biggest fan base, but we sure do have the strongest." 
"June 16th @user S. Wabash Earth Pearl Collective presents """"Earth Festival"""" from 2 -7pm. Vendors vendors!! Open to the public" 
I'm sat alone watching made in chelsea LA and I'm happy with the man I've become 
@user Oh is he teaming up with Thor in the 3rd Thor movie? Awesome, can't wait to see how that will work. All these movies are so good." 
Welcome Monday. Time to hustle. Get on the train. #hustle #work #love #career #train #chicago #vision #focus 
Wildcat madness tomorrow! Community pep rally! Bell game! Hope to see you all there! 
Jason Aldean is the greatest artist of all time &amp; then the Bills season opener tomorrow #Lengendary 
So excited!! I sing the National Anthem for my hometown Tennessee Titians! Oct 26th. 1st NFL Game  
on Eid 1st Day after Playing cricket with my sweet friends 
Anyone else smile fondly when Ed Sheeran sings about being kissed under a lamppost on 6th street? No? Just me? 
@user  happy 2nd birthday prince George such a cutie pie you are X 
the lucky $2 bills will be joining me at digi tomorrow 
Yay Bruno Mars is coming out with a new album on December 11th.(; I MUST HAVE IT!! 
Looking forward to the CDO roundtable with IBM tomorrow on data innovation. Thanks to @user for inviting me. #ibmCDO 
AYYYYYE!!! Baby Girl Fresh will be at the HOUSE OF BLUES in December! Make sure yall come out and SUPPORT!  
@user kris bryant is the 3rd best defensive 3b either 
@user Great 2nd Screen analysis! Can I brief you on Jinni semantic discovery & smart social recommendations? Going to CES? 
#music Country Joe &amp; the Fish 1st print Bob Masse poster BG,FD,AOR,Grateful Dead 
Fun Fact: Chris Christie got to the 1st tier debate by eating Bobby Jindal. 
That's us signing off. Tweeting resumes from 7am tomorrow. Safe travels and enjoy Foo Fighters if you are going to Murrayfield tonight. 
im really happy tht Shawn won at the TCA on the 16th of August  im proud of him. 
I graduate in November with my bachelors degree. I think my present to myself is tickets to Phoenix Comicon and San Diego Comicon 
Our exciting card game, Arsenal, is coming to Kickstarter next week! Order on September 15 and get it in November! 
@user ahhh....true.  see you tomorrow at packers or at a HS game....or..nevermind. you're probably off. 
Cable here is running Sharknado (the 1st one) right now! This movie is the dumbest thing I've ever LOVED... 
Wow, what a weekend: Flying Lotus, Zombie Apocalypse, writing, Patriots, Dog Beach...goodnight everyone. Monday morning, screw you. 
World Series Tuesday. I like the Giants but I'm rollin with the Royals in 6. #Cinderella team 
@user Just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on Thursday... And Safe and Sound ;) 
"Hamp is calling for a Christmas Market after the success of the Rhode Lane Opening! Interested folks, join us 22nd at 5.30pm, sunnyside Up!" 
@user im going to Sam smith!!! Thurs or Fri?! 
Yum! This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day! Our team started celebrating a few days early with tasty treats from... 
Festivus is back this year with a new look. It is now Festivus Twilight and will be on the 15 January from 4pm to... 
On Friday night I wondered what the Charlie Hebdo response would be. It doesn't disappoint.  
Real good game here: Laguna Hills stuns Dana Hills with 4th quarter comeback (video) 
Last night Floyd Mayweather compared Andre Berto to Manny Pacquiao. Yeap it really did happen. Happy Friday everyone! #Boxing101 
Interesting, the Apple event stream now allows you to watch from the Microsoft Edge browser on Windows 10 
My 8 hour shift will consist of me thinking about Ed Sheeran tomorrow 
@user Is it at all possible for you to hook me up with Ed Sheeran tickets for september 20th? He is my favourite! Thanks! 
Excited to head to #florida tomorrow.  Participating in the #tyrf #strikeforce to make sure FL goes 4 #mittromney.  #tcot #txcot #DallasGOP 
The what's a better show debate, Seinfeld vs Friends is one for the ages but you may be mentally incompetent if you think Friends is better. 
"Gon listen to the Curtis tape tomorrow, might make it a full G-Unit Monday matter fact" 
@user #motog The ever evolving Moto G 3rd gen firmly stands out as a beauty with the brain for gennext. Let's swim with it awhile. 
Three of our Newspaper team are off to London with Miss Reay tomorrow as they're nominated for a National Award for best community newspaper 
@user Go rest, see you tomorrow. #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
@user Your talking Kylie im a celeb iv just watched her on TFI Friday chris Evans channel 4 she's amazing a legandx 
"""""Everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow"""" For Rushers, it’s Big Time Rush :)" 
Tough week but tmrw is a fresh start. The only good thing about Monday is you get to start over. Plus @user are on MNF! #Greatness 
@user 1) High-life 2) CRAP 3) Grateful Dead for three nights over the 4th of July @ Soldier Field 
Going from AC/DC to ABBA and back again is quite the mind fuck on a Saturday morning!  Thank goodness I can handle it!!  @user 
@user I really want @user to tweet me since I bought 4 tickets to his concert October 9th Irving Plaza NYC 
@user Live stream of Apple event requires &lt;long list of Apple stuff&gt;, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. 
bout to watch magic Mike XXL for the 5th time 
@user that's a good point. I didn't think about it. It sounded like Tegan but I read """"iPhone"""" and I assumed it was Sara. You may be right" 
@user well, yeah, but so are you, ese. Oh, and Iron Maiden's new one drops tomorrow! \m/" 
Attention Naruto fans! Boruto: Naruto the Movie is hitting theaters in October. Click below to get more info! 
The band enjoyed a day of sightseeing in Berlin today. We hope to see you at ROCK IM PARK tomorrow! -PRESET 
A little Bob Marley on this Monday morning to ease the pain of it being Monday morning! 
@user he should come out in press now. And may be sign for Barca or City. :D 
Just turned 16. Hitched from Newcastle to get there. Went for AC/DC, left obsessed with Van Halen. Carefree days. 
Ryan Braun breaking with an oppo shot to right to break up the scoreless tie in the 6th. He's been impressive as of late. 
Funimation's Tokyo Ghoul trailer was very strategic putting from the studio of Yu Yu Hakusho &amp; Naruto &amp; Bleach. Put the highest quality 1st 
@user Hope the Albion didn't ruin your Sunday that much. Nice seeing you again pal 
Happy 31st Birthday @user the baddest female rapper in Korea! 
WOW i just noticed that Dongwoo and Eunkwang share the same birth date, 22 November 1990. omgyu ma awesome biasseu ~ 
"Trying to leave, I'm only 10 minutes late (so far) - still need to dash to the ladies room.  Can't wait to hear who is on DWTS tonight!" 
Can it just be next Sunday so I can go to Knott's scary farm with my boyfriend please 
For the 1st time @user spoke sense on the @user show to @user ....... Narendra Modi kabhi bhoolte nahi hai :):):) 
Release me from the pain AWESOOMEEE! How crazy  Bynum 
I wish I lived with Laurin randle...I dnt see her enough after 5th period.! 
@user can’t wait to see you Saturday! Texas is ready for you :) 
Lol i cant play mj on the 7th month. Eid's power kinda maxed out on the ghost month lol. Anticipated my tiles and kalongs beautifully. 
@user DONT OMFG well. I only came back because Naruto hooks up with Hinata and the 2nd gen is cute. 
wish you happy Holi - 08 March: Noel Gallagher Surprises Diners At ...: Information about Science & Tec... #asematy 
@user can you please say #happybirthday to me for tomorrow or RT/follow me I love you DJ Malik 
Happy Bacon Fat Friday Ya'll. Copper river salmon rillettes tonight &amp; the Selena Gomez Dog. Gonna be a good Friday! 
@user AND also very importantly it was 40 years ago TODAY that David Bowie had his 1st No1 with Space Oddity!  #40SpaceOddity 
So this was our Saturday : Fear the Walking Date. Couple of Dunkin's and a new zombie show. Party hard. 
Kurt Convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with Nick Diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10. Rounding out the top 3 was Kenny Castro. 
@user Hey Angelos have you never thought of matching the food with wine on Saturday Kitchen, a perfect job for your delicate palate. 
The Best and the Worst...: The best day of Willard Mitt Romney's life will be Thursday when after 7 years of cam...  
"Vincent Jackson limited in Monday practice estimates, fantasy value just fine for Thursday: Tampa Bay Buccaneers... 
Who's going to be 1st in line tomorrow for FREE hot dogs to celebrate National Hot Dog Day??  First 100 people get FREE Fenway dogs. 
Have a good Labor Day Red Sox fans!!! Enjoy the baseball!!!  Boston hosts the Blue Jays Monday!!! Go Boston!!! 
"Thanks for an amazing season, Thor!  Have a happy (&amp; HEALTHY) winter, and we'll see you in February!  #LGM  
Michael Jackson was the man, I remember watching the Thriller &amp; Smooth Criminal music video for the 1st time &amp; it was lit 
"Lets pray for Christians who are persecuted in the world:Iraq,Sudan,Nigeria,India,Pakistan etc.May God give them strength&amp;may God bless them" 
"C'mon, Kendrick, C'mon. He shot my heart with those lines." 
Here are the air times for series 9, episode 1 across the world...  UK - 19 Sep at 7:40pm on BBC One and BBC... 
Those of you who hang on my every word with regards musical recommendations may be interested to know that I like the new David Bowie track. 
Sat in the garden listening to some Fleetwood Mac. Living the dream. 
@user Any news on tickets for the EDS v Juventus game next Tues please? 
Check Out: "Amazon Prime Day just outsold Black Friday" 
"This has been a dope week, finished season 2 of American horror story, beat devil may cry, and bought hella Ps2 games. All I care about x)" 
Alright, just woke up, about to go ball. Open Lobby tonight and tomorrow, going to be going for crazy 100+s! *cough* Desert Eagle *cough* ;) 
From the #AppleEvent - New watch faces &amp; 3rd-party complications + Facebook messenger, GoPro, and Airstrip coming to Apple watch 
The Patriots game got cut off after taking a 38-7 midway through the 3rd quarter. #soproud 
Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George from Infant Massage. I can't believe he is two already!! Do any babies out... 
Don't miss our reader offer to see The Who at the NIA in tomorrow's @user @user 
@user @user Golden Sun helped build the handheld franchise of Nintendo. Isaac deserves his spot. 
I hope my better half is feeling better today! I will be so sad if we can't climb Mount Snowdon tomorrow! Was so looking forward to it! 
JETT LOUNGE THURSDAY NIGHT!!! it’s gonna be HOT!!!  come party with me and Kenny Smoove  he is one of the hottest Producers and many more!!! 
Now It's time for #TitleforTitle! This is Sunday Night Rollins! Seth Rollins is the cure! #FutureIsNow #SummerSlam 
@user @user I think you should let Rushers pick a date! I suggest November 29! Important day in rusher history! Who agrees? 
At a friends wedding on Saturday so wont get to watch @user win the WBO title. Best of luck fella cant wait to see you back at WHU 
recap. I saw Bad 25 on Tuesday. The Spike Lee Documentary on Michael Jackson. It was beyond amazing. && it was only showing for 6 days. 
Twilight - Sauble Beach has just become my 13th picture to record 300 views. 
goodnight I'm super tired and I'm going whale watching tomorrow so I'm gonna get some rest ok have a great night Shawn loves you so much 
#DixieYouthWorldSeries: Konner Eaton had an amazing diving grab in center field to get the out for #Virginia (Prince George) in the 4th. 
"20 Women Elected in Saudi Arabia as Females Vote for the First Time: In a landmark election on Saturday, 20 wo... 
CME ~ Evidence suggests combo treatment may be the best option for DME. Posterior segment drug delivery is also key.  
"It's National Ice Cream Day on Sunday, July 19. Get the ice cream scoop.  #nationalicecreamday" 
@user is about to announce 1st place for #MTVStars. Fingers crossed for Lady Gaga! 
Mariah Carey does it to his 2nd marriage life... I made a vow that i will reserve myself to the next one i'll be... 
@user Your morning show is the one thing on any NBC outlet that is worth watching. May God always bless Sarah Palin and her family! 
I may have to record MOTD2 tonight to watch Inbetweeners Top 10 moments with Martin. :) 
@user What do you mean, Laurence? The Dudleys, Ric Flair, and Sting were on Raw Monday. Taker wrestled Sunday. It IS the 90s. 
the new iPhone gets announced today... that's really all that matters, happy wednesday every1 
Well we are VERY BUSY!!! I’m just too excited for tomorrow! CEBU HERE WE GO! 
"STAR WARS DAY!!!!!!!!!!!! If it's the 4th best #StarWars  film, I will be ecstatic. If its higher than 4th, I will implode. Seriously." 
"""""third grade is the best. We started ISTEP in 3rd grade!!"""" my brother just said he likes ISTEP. #lolwtf" 
@user I do believe next Tuesday may be my first night in the seat! I'm looking forward to getting stuck in! Thanks Niall,much appreciated" 
Anyone going to Zac brown band that needs a spot to camp? Sunday night? 
"you have to watch Falcao's 2nd goal for Atletico Madrid v Deportivo, its class" 
"Watching  Annabelle tonight, Sorabh Pant and Sahil Shah tomorrow.  Good weekend plans." 
"I can't believe Queen Latifah came to Durham last Friday , had a dinner and dancing event at the Hilton hotel wtf? I woulda went!" 
Go Red Sox. Somehow beat the jays tomorrow. 
"The Donald on whose on 1st; the Kurds, no the Quds, no, Tom Brady ""yes"", ""...I can talk abt him all day, great guy, fabulous"" #thtsDonald" 
TAKBIR!! Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s 1st elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations to Egypt! 
@user Oh right, that's alright then:) I'm off on the 24th at 4am. Supposed to go on the 21st but I have to enrole at Runshaw-.- x" 
"Be sure to watch """"Cougar Town"""". It’s """"Friends"""" minus all the best actors, plus wine! Coming in January. Right after """"Shovin’ Buddies""""" 
Meryl Streep is like the coolest woman ever!! I want to be related to her! May go watch #ItsComplicated 
@user haha I try it every time the mrs pops out. In fact I'm sat here right now in one of her Gucci thongs and nothing else :) 
Mark Martin’s the 1st to crack 191 mph, and now leads a MWR 1-2 (Bowyer 2nd) and Toyota 1-2-3 (Kyle 3rd) after 36 cars. #NASCAR 
"Really banking on the hopes everyone knows it's Star Wars day tomorrow, cause anyone who doesn't and sees me is gonna be freaked TF out" 
Deepest condolences to Lee Soo Man and Family. May she gets a better and beautiful place in heaven. Rest in peace. 
well I am excited for tomorrow's HOT JAM with Suzanne show from 11-1 I have learned its a great thing to have... 
I may not seem like the target demographic but let me tell u that I think Magic Mike XXL is one of the most excellent pieces of film making 
"Twilight sail this Friday. Departing 5.30pm. Bring some beers, wine. bubbles and some nibbles if you wish.  Book early!" 
REPORT: Thrilled to announce @user will join the guys tomorrow morning. If you see him driving a Lexus, it definitely wasn't us. 
RT @user Celebrity Juice tonight 10pm itv2. Hurrraaaaah! its a Back to school special&lt;~ yayyyy 
"Can't wait to see Jason Aldean, Cole Swindell, and Tyler Farr with @user September 3rd needs to get here!!" 
I can’t sleep. Way too exited about Vancouver tomorrow! I’m like a kid at Christmas. 
Don't forget to watch Paul McCartney on Saturday Night Live tonight!  Retweet! 
I really want to go see Sam Smith in Austin this Saturday 
Nice to be in the @user YouTube round up. Mine is the last link - Messi is the headline. Surely a mix-up?! 
"WOW, It's October 3rd. I'm going to Disney world @user @user 
Nirvana on the raido. Nice start to friday. 
@user @user @user  I'm going to see Paper Towns for the second time tomorrow.I love this movie.(Love you Cara!) 
Thank god bob gainey isnt the gm of monteal anymore. He probably would have tried to pick mario lemieux with the 3rd pick #TSN #NHLDRAFT 
Playstation Vita will receive great additions and games: As you may have seen with our previous blog post on the... 
Starting off my week looking like Harry Potter - how's your Monday going? 
Islam is more than a religion. #GoodMorning  May Allah Bless Us all with imaan aameen  keep remember Allah . 
@user With this sweet and sudden u-turn frin Israel, don't we all understand how the term ""doenmeah"" was coined in the 1st place?" 
It's amazing to think in 2 years we could have the 1st woman president! Carly Fiorina will make an excellent commander in chief. #NOHILLARY 
@user I'd like to sign David Price in the offseason, maybe add a 4th or 5th starter, and a lefty OF bat." 
Noche Lat Sat @ Manor are PACKED-11/17-Erika Norell &amp; Maite Ofarrel &amp; DJ Larry Larr spinning the hottest Latin hits. 10:30-4am; NO COVER!! 
@user no problem Phil.. Oh hey we’re all going trick or treating Saturday in Na and then having an arvo  if you wanna come :) 
That moment you realise Justin Bieber may be better at freestyling than Young Thug  Don't forget to Like our page... 
BET The Life Of is equivalent to VH1's Behind The Music and they starting off with Chris Brown tomorrow #ThatsMyKinfolk 
@user please help me get the hotel for digi fest Dallas Sunday please 
Bill Maher may be right - Pope Frank may be an atheist. At least he's acting smarter than most predecessors. 
Gig at GAY tomorrow with @user hopefully 'fingers crossed' x 
@user Monday night, I watched Monday Night Raw instead of the Tigers game. Brock Lesnar destroying stuff is more entertaining." 
Thursday's are better than every other day bc Scandal and Vampire Diaries 
Apple Watch closes in on Fitbit with 3.6M shipments in Q2: IDC: The Apple Watch still may be in relativ... #Apple 
This is what happens when you try to share Mariah Carey's spotlight via @user 
@user agreed. I mean, we got to Kershaw, twice. We can still do this. We can win tomorrow. We CAN win the NLCS, I just don't thin we will." 
ATTN: Hicksville Tiger Schulmann’s finally has it’s power back! Classes will resume as normal tomorrow. We... 
Brilliant that the Edinburgh Derby is at night on the 3rd! Can't beat the atmosphere of these games under the floodlights #Hibs 
"You would think being the first Music Video without Zayn, it may not do so well, but in reality it's freaking awesome #DragMeDownMusicVideo" 
Just saw "Soaked In Bleach". All I can say is that it may very well be the best movie revealing many facts about Kurt Cobain's death... :O 
@user Good question! Contrary to common myth, in Islam women enjoy equal rights. I will talk in detail about women in Islam tomorrow :)" 
@user January 8th then we can have a cool shared birthday with David Bowie 
Ticket prices go up Friday! Get your tickets TOMORROW!! At the Murphy Center Ticket Office! You don’t wanna miss this years #MTSUStepShow 
"No classes on Friday.  And I would like to watch ""Paper Towns"" with my friends~ @user 
"She really likes those Twilight films, but she clearly gets some sun. #ToddnTylerTanLineTuesday 
Google+ can enhance your position in Search &amp; connect you with NEW prospects! Interested? Workshop Derby 18 August 
Cold front in the Metroplex! Happy Friday! :) 
I want to watch naruto the movie so bad please anyone treat me first i'll pay you back this coming monday i swear 
Won the 400 and the 200 and came 2nd in the 800 at Tayside and fife championships! 
@user @user @user  Kendrick had the best album, Coles was 2nd" 
Mr Gary Barlow you look hot on X Factor tonight :) 
"Kick off Sunday with #LILMIX! From Lady Gaga to The Strokes, give it a spin!   
"Good morning 2 all my followers &amp; fellow Christians, may GOD go b-4 u n everything y'all do on this Sabbath day!!! I love u all beloved!!!!" 
Mum couldn’t help but laugh at the fact she’s sat on this boat watching Dt Seuss’s The Lorax with her 18 year old daughter :) #hellyeah 
i think i may have an obsession with Demi Lovato's laugh. 
Good Morning my Friends, wish You very nice Friday with love, peace, Art and mutual respect -:) 
@user 'Ruben the 2nd' or 'Percy Porker' for Moo's Minecraft pet house pig?  :-D 
- Grassroots racing at its best returns to Marana on Saturday, October 27, at the Gladden Farms 10K an 
James Rodriguez is fast closing in on the 2nd grade of best footballers (those immediately after Messi and Ronaldo)... 
@user Hopefully Marq gets far enough ahead to get the FT patrol out to get us the 2nd half over-going 2 a St Pattys party & get drunk 
Regram of David Beckham with his Daughter Harper. Happy 4th birthday Harper. #iamadad #dadsgirl 
@user don't forget Brad has got Maillot Jaune. He may have a long way to go yet but can do it, and we have Cav too.." 
@user 5th Ace? Sure, Why Not? BALDER is the brother of Thor in Norse Mythology. Seems a reasonable moniker for a red hot baller." 
"Kanye taught everyone to be fearless, SO BE FEARLESS. 2020 I'll be 20 if Election Day lands on the 4th. My vote? Kanye West. @user 
"The Foo Fighters may be my favorite concert, ever. It's one of the only times I've truly ""felt"" the energy between the band and crowd." 
This Friday! Start your Labor Day weekend with some Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith, Van Halen and AC/DC! LAVA Rock is... 
@user wooooooop! We're in Bol, a little island it's peng! Going to hvar tomorrow for a night though cos its nutty there! How's brella?" 
"Lucas-palooza! Germans to get 24/7 """"Star Wars"""" channel for Xmas. I may never leave the house... #StarWars 
I predict I'll feel like I partied with Psy &amp; Snoop Dogg tomorrow because of @user 
Pepper &amp; @user are Nuckin' Futs' but I wouldn't want to spend my Sat Nights with anyone else! LOL #illbringabottlenexttime! 
"With Kane and Rooney seemingly forming a great partnership, it shows how great a signing Man Utd may have wanted to make #rooney #kane #mufc" 
Done my balls in Barca but still treated myself to a five euro 1st class upgrade on the fast train to Madrid. #BudgetBaller 
Milan are leading the race to sign the talented midfielder. Milan plan to sign him in June and then send him to Genoa on loan. #TMW 
"Jay-Z stole all his music in Reasonable Doubt."  That may be true, but he stole some timeless, genius shit 
Brooklyn Bridge: This past Friday was a clear and beautiful day!! I decided to take a stroll over to the Brookly... 
LAS VEGAS -- Conor McGregor was in rare form Friday during the Go Big press conference. The brash Irishman took... 
@user Gazza, Ramirez, Cork back and we'll do well. Then add some defenders in January and we'll climb up the league." 
Excited to hear about the new tech today from Apple !! 
People need to stop getting so butthurt over the fact joi is getting to see Shawn in October she deserves it so much I'm gonna be happy 
"Saturday, Donny, is Shabbos, the Jewish day of rest. That means that I don't work, I don't get in a car" 
Friday night = listening to calibraska with my dog 
@user cheers Dave, you got your ticket for the Chelsea match? I think I need to get mine when I get my donny one tomorrow 
Fucking stoked to hang out with my girl Thalia tomorrow night. Haven’t seen her in ages. 
@user @user just saw a lady in a straw hat and it reminded me of how calibraska comes out TOMORROW. im so proud of u guys 
TONS of hw tomorrow, lunch date with joey, back to hw, then magic mike with ash&co. before bed :) 
@user I start next Monday. Yay. Argus is good. have you been up in london the whole time? Thank you! 
When u run into the White Sox future 3rd baseman &amp; realize u were his teacher. #fullcircle   #adorbs #vansonmans 
It's Star Wars Day!! Staying off social media for rest of day to avoid spoilers - see you tomorrow! :) #theforceawakens #starwars 
Apparently it's National Ice Cream Day on Sunday. You better believe that's all I'm going to eat all day long. 
Can't wait to see my boy Mitchell fight 15th Dec at excel. Anyone want tickets message me. Ricky burns fighting for title @user 
Feeling Frisky? Thursday is National Hot Dog Day. We have a dog to fit whatever mood you're in.    Put your... 
Even with this injury the fact that its thursday and i can watch Vampire Diaries makes me happy. #TheVampireDiaries 
Good result tonight, though! Part one of Rodgers’ Gamble paid off. Have to wait for Sunday for part two. If we win that, we’re off! #LFC 
Who's going to Kenny Chesney at MetLife on Saturday? 
"Hello Ashton. I may not be a crazy obsessed fan, but I really do like you. that literally just sounded crazy srry im so awkward @user 
Watching The Grey with Liam Neeson. One of my twitter friends recommend. And it’s really good. Thanks for Tuesday night’s entertainment. 
@user in October they are releasing both The Last and Boruto in English.I love when hinata was basically like ""fuck you Naruto"" lol" 
Oh yes! We now have a pre-order up for the forthcoming David Bowie 'Blackstar' LP out 8th Jan 
Banging out this Cardio/Back today then turning on the strum for some more The Last Of Us on PS4! Mad Max tomorrow! 
@user @user @user @user But he's certainly been the 1st or 2nd best player in the NL overall, Harper and Kershaw better. 
"London yesterday was amazing, sun beer, hyde park, mexicans. Brazilians, boris bikes just incredible day" 
I am not rational when it comes to Robert Griffin the 3rd. I am a teenaged girl and he is my Justin Bieber. #ILOVEYOURG3- @user 
@user Kendrick we love you  in Arkansas.Hope you success where ever you life may go.I hope it leads back toAr. But if not,u go get It" 
John Cena Monday Night Raw redeem yourself Make A Wish kids going to be there 
Almost 2 AM on the east coast. 11 hour work day ahead. And this game is going to 2OT. Lots of coffee will be bought at the co-op tomorrow 
"As if @user is at centre point, may have to nip round the corner and stalk his fine ass #guiltypleasure" 
@user This one will finish Dark Souls 2 while awaiting April 12th... Also, a lot of skooma to pass the time." 
Jamming out to Disney songs with my roommate = a great way to start a Friday @user 
update: boss texted me to ask if I read the Rolling Stone article about GCJr's upcoming album #wow gonna cry when he retires in December 
@user hey Michelle, hope u r well, I just watched Saving Face 4 1st time, what a lovely film, well done u! Xxx" 
Headed to McAdory High to speak to the football team. Get these boys ready so they can straight boom on Brookwood tomorrow night #LehGo 
The a sun is shining over the Eternal City!! It is a perfect day for a lovely stroll through the stunning Imperial... 
@user at least they got to the big show. Hope Feb 3rd is a good day for the Packers. 
Goodnight friends I love you and Niall and I can't wait to sEE THE BOYS AGAIN TOMORROW AHHHHDNFCN 
Still my favorite pose of you, :) Pancakes tomorrow, glad you’re here, we missed DJ Marcus! Sweet dreams! 
"It’s #DigitalWednesday! If you want an MP3 of ""Keep your Foot on the Devil’s Neck,"" be one of the 1st 10 people to respond ""I DO!""" 
101% sure that I'm going to have a break down tomorrow at Foo Fighters lol 
@user c'mon Tegan you're better than that. Smh. furreal. 
"I'm going to Disney World , October 3rd . If you wanna come on down .. Come on down :-)" 
@user @user @user yup.  then we have the strawberry festival in late Feb/early Mar.  it’s FL. :-) 
"Paul McCartney said; Great job!!! i liked it!! Jul 31, 2014 21 songs for $10.00 Ken Dulin - 
Justin's gonna be on Ellen on Friday I'm SO EXCITED I love when he's there 
Btw come rock with us on sat in Covina. Ill be in costume. Wear yours as well so I don’t feel like in 12z 
"Forgetting about the money, I'd just be so happy to see Paul Dunne do it tomorrow. Stuff of fairy tales! Wicklow lad too.. #represent" 
To celebrate the 2nd birthday of the beautiful Prince George I will be offering personalised children related... 
With the election right around the corner, RRFP is pleased to announce Super Tuesday!  Get an additional 5%... 
A quality weekend in Manchester with @user :) Runrig were superb on Friday night! 
Chuck Norris can make a hole in the sun with a snowball 
Did you get a chance to join our Google+ Hangout Friday, July 24th? Take a few minutes to watch the live broadcast! 
"Since 2013 Danny Valencia is the 21st best hitter vs LHP in baseball, tied with Ryan Braun. Better than Adrian Beltre. @user 
In the next hour, i debut my film about Kurt Cobain.  I plan on making lots of films, but i chose Kurt for the 1st.  We have a connection 
Highlights of the Colts 4-2 victory over the Pembroke Lumber Kings - hope you enjoy it - this may be my last one!!! 
@user Endymion may have set the Greek Mythology and Olympic record for sleep,Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing. 
People v Monsanto. This is just the beginning!  
"GUYS there's a chance I might go back to the stadium where WWAT was in, next saturday! It's not confirmed yet but I hope I can go!" 
@user Kris Bryant voted by managers as the NL's 3rd best defensive third baseman. 
@user I may have um.. borrowed a John Cena sticker from a store today and put it on my phone!!! no regrets though 
"#ICYMI: Prince George gets A-list tweets for his 2nd b-day. We hope you shake it all the way to the throne, lil' one! 
"Rebecca Black's """"Friday"""" is still at the top of my playlist. #coolkid" 
RT @user It's monday and Monday Night Football is on my mind. RT if you love football! #MNFootNg. 
I try to always pay for the order behind me at Dunkin on Monday's..starts both of our weeks off on a good note. 
@user hi Brit, I will still be in Israel next Sunday. Thanks though. I will be following the game on Gamecast. Go Jets!" 
Words cannot describe how excited I am to be seeing Demi Lovato tomorrow!!! @user I'm not going to cry this time. 
"Been a little busy lately, just now getting to see Ant-Man. Oh and I'm a child! @ West 21st St. Warren 
I don't much like Harper but he is right to do this. 
I was gonna wait to buy weed until Monday, but I just realized watching Beyonce's concert might be so much better with a blunt. 
"Paid my bills, bought some groceries, did a bit of price-shopping on some clothes, and bought my ticket for Ant-Man later tonight. #Saturday" 
@user Steve Jobs' silky mouthed fellatio is akin to the bliss of my iPhone each and every morning. HAIL TO THE KING, BABY!" 
@user would you PLEASE let us know when the iPhone 6s will be available for purchase? Hoping before the 17th of September. Thanks!! 
A list of all the body kicks Conor McGregor landed Saturday night at #UFC189 
@user hopefully you are having a great Sunday afternoon I've been watching kpop videos on mxy TV today 
"Sunday Candy is a better song than U2 or Temper Trap have ever written. And it's a rapper and his live band, so," 
May this new year bring much goodness to Rahul Gandhi that he starts thinking about development of India! 
@user I’ve been cleaning all day and watching Project X non stop. I think I’m on my 6th time. Love this movie! You the man!! 
@user "I hope the Apple event tomorrow is a 6s" 
"Happy 102 years to L.A. artist Tyrus Wong! May the road rise to meet you, may the wind be always at your back: 
@user NIALL love me to as much as I love you ok your my everything your my Romeo and I'm your Juliet ok see you tomorrow ily  Niall 
Geaux Tigers!!! Come and tailgate with us at our Neighborhood Tailgate Party Saturday and enjoy yourselves to some Bloody Marys and Mimosas. 
The real reason for the BBC's regional newspaper 'reporting pool'... 
Friends! Come out this Friday 9/11 as Justin takes the stage for a super fun and charitable event... click below!  
Special THANKS to EVERYONE for coming out to Taboo Tuesday With DST tonight! It was FUN&educational!!! :) @user 
I drenched the old iPod nano (6th gen) in isopropanol and it actually worked! The screen will never look the same but totally worth it. 
@user just bought tickets for Milan! can't wait to see you in April! love you so much xoxoxoxo 
Let's be positive about Super Eagles game tomorrow. 
I'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow with Kelvin and his friend who roped him into going And he roped me into it Fun 
I get my 1st slumber party with Helen Byers Moore since our back in the day moments with our Michael Jackson... 
Samsung launches the Galaxy Note 5, arriving next Friday 
And Rhonda Rousey has officially won by armbar..for the 6th time. 6-0. 
Good to see Flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half. That’s about all I can ask for at this point. 
Gotta take the TAKS test on Monday should be a breeze it's just english 
Mavs will beat the Lakers tomorrow accepting all bets 
Excited about going to UCLA tomorrow!  Bus leaves at 4:30. Bring $ for food. Bring a sweatshirt. 
it's your last chance to take advantage of Gazelle's best price guarantee on iPhone trade-ins... 
Milan to recognize 3 Rosie the Riveters at council meeting Monday: The city of Milan will honor three real Ros... 
All I really want to do is cuddle up in bed and play Minecraft until I fall asleep and not wake up again until like Friday night... 
I have discovered that Bobby's World has unlimited streaming on Amazon Prime. I may or may not be watching it while I'm on the bike. 
Woods Club! @user Come to room 175 after school next tuesday to make iPad Stands! 
Its Tuesday & time for Young Life! 8:32pm Union Lyceum. Takin’ it up a notch tonight! Come join us #whywouldyounot 
"Top Gear will return to the BBC on Sunday 8 May 2016, its new presenter Chris Evans has said 
@user @user @user  I'm going for Seth Rollins to win. Sting may put up a good match but won't be enough. 
i'm meeting justin bieber in april.... i don't think i'll ever shutup about this. 
"Happy Birthday My 1st namja bias in Kpop, Lee Taemin, Taem i love u, i miss u in the past #HappyTaeminDay" 
Four Lions. Watch it on Channel 4. Tonight. At 8pm. Best film ever. I have this on my IPad. Never tired of it.  
Raise your hand if you thought David Wright would return on August 24 with the #Mets five games up on the #Nats... 
10:04: I want to see Paper Towns tomorrow. @user says it's pretty good. #traderlivetweet2015 
@user haha ok btw a friend of mine's getting a chance to meet Rahul Dravid on friday.Some twitter contest she won. 
Not sure if I should keep going or just go home and get ready... FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WITH JOHN CENA AT WWE SUUUUUPERSLAM 
Our 1st ever guest on #axschat was the ever charming @user of the BBC you can still see the video here 
@user great choices!!! I went to Olympic park too, but if you’re just there for the weekend, that may be pushin it! 
@user Frank Gifford was Monday night football. Got into it watching from Australia in the early 90's #RIPFrankGifford 
"The FIA ran the race the right way - Lauda Niki Lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight, Sunday's J..." 
"I have School by Nirvana stuck in my head, along with January 28th &amp; Apparently by J. Cole. Not necessarily a bad thing lol" 
Can’t wait for skyfall 1st of Nov! Is listening to the OST on spotify considered a spoiler? I =P #fb 
@user The latest player to join the @user as #14 is David Price, he signed with the Jays on the 30th of July :) Hope that helps!" 
"I think Frank Ocean should release  on November, he's music is great for the summer. @user @user @user 
Lexus : LEXUS HOVERBOARD RIDE REVEALED - Following the unveiling of the Lexus Hoverboard in June, the luxury autom... 
@user Yes,  I understand.      If you put 50 shares in your IRA you may find yourself very glad you did.   even 25 shares.  IMO" 
"One of the Best Promo I've seen in years. Brock Lesnar confronts The Undertaker: Raw, July 20, 2015 via @user 
Sandy has passed by, and the Cathedral Close was only lightly touched (whew), so yes, NCS will be open tomorrow,... 
Creating some new jewelry tonight. Photos to be posted tomorrow.  Along with an Oracle reading. ;) Keep an eye... 
"going to see Ant-Man today then will get pasta, I'm doing all my birthday stuff today because I have band camp tomorrow and that's all day" 
I am not an American but I'm convinced that Obama, the 11th president in my lifetime, is by far the best@POTUS 
AP students, don't forget to read Bentley ch1. for Monday and complete the writing exercise by Tuesday. Have a great weekend! 
Superb from Anderson. Good fight from Murray as always. 2nd serve just ain't strong enough imo. 
@user @user I think Thurs is good news, though. Back with 30 Rock, Parks and Rec where it fits in, and not Fri death knell. 
@user @user Just relax Thor the area is so nice and quiet. I may meditate for a bit. 
All I know is that I took the 1st runner up in Miss Teen USA to prom #legit #leggo Congrats @user #loveyou 
Yes I want to win #FreeTixFridays to see David Price &amp; the #BlueJays play Cleveland Monday in #Toronto! @user #tickets #ComeTOgether 
My #cre blog Oklahoma Per Square Foot returns to the @user blog hub tomorrow. I will have some interesting local data to share. 
Just little old me in the paper today! Here's the Scoop: Sunday is National Ice Cream Day via @user 
The last 2 years serving Jesus at KARM on Friday nights has taught me more about the message of the gospel than I learned in the 32 years b4 
"New cast of DWTS tba at 8pm tonight!! So excited :) The meeting tonight better be done, or """"someone"""" will have to lend me their phone :) thx" 
peter pan august rush the art of getting by just my luck now is good #MTVStars The Vamps 
I should go watch Ant-Man tomorrow because I really want to watch it and have yet to see it. 
i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march 
@user may have Meat Loaf and Ted Nugent, but @user is rolling with @user tonight!  ’Nuff said!  #stateofloveandtrust #edshow 
@user @user @user Islam is a guide to which we should try to emulate, we r human and not perfect. Hearts may be in the" 
@user The Winans are doing the smash hit """"Tomorrow"""" its cool but not the same without all the brothers. More on the Whitney Memorial." 
Napoleon Dynamite in the morning good way to start of my Sunday lol 
"what did you do on saturday? i sawed metal for 5 hours, then watched naruto, and was in bed by 11:30 :' )" 
"David Wright gets loud welcome before 1st plate appearance at Citi Field since 4/14. Bats with 1 aboard. #Mets 0, #RedSox 0, bot 1, 2 outs" 
Rick Perry succeeded with 12th largest economy in the world Texas He will be a successful President for all American 
@user I miss u to & I loved it .. Ctfu I’m soo mad the dj didn’t play that last night .. We better be going to ricks cafe tomorrow 
ice cube song today was good day wel mon only thing we know souix wak hunk terres nel kota can dia gila 
Big game for @user tomorrow, away vs the Knicks at MSG. Personally think Knicks will win... first game, MSG crowd, Sandy disaster... 
Attended the grand opening for Larkburger in Northglenn.  Yummy fries!  Stop in starting tomorrow and support... 
If Rick Perry does not win the election, he has lost nothing as he is a strong family man, and a true Christian. 
@user I am seriously thinking about it! I may go back down to Drexel to get some books. 
Yo I'm so pumped 4 Thursday. Ravens vs Eagles. Let's get it!! 
Some anonymous number sent me a group message about a party on Hedley tomorrow lol 
RT @user Dexter like surgery theme please RT @user hey were shooting the video for #Radiosurgery this Thursday! MUAHAHAHAHA ... 
Big Time Movie is on at 3(EST) tomorrow! make sure you watch the greatest movie ever :] 
@user Good morning Jack. Is it possible that SPX may go to new highs with this possible rally? 
"With all this love coming from the city, Youngstown we better have that Metroplex thang on a MILLIE come Friday!!! #FridayNightLive" 
"FYI, tomorrow = release date for the pumpkinnnn!!! Just called my local Dunkin. Can you say fiend?!" 
Rocking out to Good Girl by @user at the gym. How exactly does one rock out while on a treadmill, you may ask? Well, it involves 
@user bahaha! Love that idea. You could have a tornado and sun in the tree and Curtis' face be the star at the top:) 
I have two tickets for Eric Church tomorrow night at the new amphitheater if anyone is interested 
"Join us at Main Library, 12 p.m. on Monday, 8/20 for the 2012 Kiwanis Corporate Regatta. Lunch is $5, helps support Summer Reading Club." 
New Skyfall Trailer is Live. - *fans self* Is it October yet? I have ALL THE FEELS for this. Goddamn. 
"PM Modi won heart of Muslims with his UAE tour   Editorial, Sahara Urdu, 18 August 2015" 
@user Yes Conan! Quick answer the door!! It's Willard Mitt Romney's 6TH son, and he wants equal time!!!" 
"Wow August,7.2015 Has already begun today ""Naruto : Boruto The Movie"" From Japan to the entire world :) (y)" 
Love Friday :) Its @user Day with Heather to start the wkend :) These Dunkin' Donuts were AMAZING &lt;3 
PUMPS & POLOS!! Strongside party nov 10 @ club Paradise!! Ladies free till 11:30 so get there early!!! I got my polo ready how about y'all?? 
This may be the greatest thing I've done in my life (on ME3) 
"Charlie Wilson, Kendrick Lamar, Charlie Puth. Glad I made plans with everyone who worked with them that I would see them in Feb. God blesses" 
Spending the rest of the night with Indy. What a guy! STAR WARS WEEKENDS TOMORROW!!! 
Captain Dubs! David Wright gives the Mets back the lead with an RBI single to make it 6-5 Mets in the 7th inning 
I will be back on PSN tomorrow the 2nd of september with my new PS4 :) message me if your intersented in my psn name :))))) 
A1 for poa!! I can do it!! Gonna give my all on tmr lesson. Saturday do one paper2. Sunday read on theory. Monday kill the paper! 
Kris Bryant just hit the furthest home run I may have ever seen in my life 
McIlroy keeps a steady hand during the Honda Classic second round | Golf Channel via @user 
: The Dark Knight Rises. Seeing it for the 3rd time. Lol. Is it too early to start talking about Golden Globe & Oscar nods? Best everything! 
As cool as it would be to see the weekend tomorrow it's impossible to skip out on Paul McCartney 
"For those who are so excited about Paper Towns tomorrow   HA BITCH, I SAW IT" 
@user revision book right? I’ve already gave it to Niesa. She’ll give it to you on tomorrow :) Hopefully you’ll get A+ in Eng! Amin! 
May 11th 2016 is the day I see the love of my life Justin bieber 
"the boys started rehearsing? reminds me of Alive Ina 2nd day's Fantastic Baby rehearsal :( VIPs went crazy outside, sang along together" 
"https://t.co/XAvWjhIzhW is friday, turn up and get what you deserve of life! Friday - Ice Cube // Friday OST" 
SDHS is very proud of Mary Satchwill and Sam Smith who participated in the Swiss Ambassador Program on August 29th. 
@user hiya, do you know when my tickets for Justin Bieber on the 20th of October will get sent?" 
Good luck to Infinity’s Iain Veitch who competes in the Taiwan #ironman70.3 on Saturday 
"Bersani, supports stability agreement to secure government: (AGI) Rome, October 24 - Tomorrow the agreement on t... 
"Sunday atfernoon - time for the perfect IPA, courtesy of Stone Brewing 
When I get to my cousins tomorrow I'm going ape shit on their Halloween candy eating all the Reese. XD 
We're stoked to announce that our brothers in @user have been added to the show on January 4th at Rum Runners.... 
@user I understand, you enjoy Ant-Man and assure you it will start on time when you return tomorrow" 
Fuck the discounts. Best thing that came out of Black Friday was Kendrick Lamar. 
Watching John Carter for 2nd time today. You could say I'm mildly obsessed with how good this plot is. And Taylor Kitsch's good looks. 
"Elton seriously knows how to make my mornings, man! That's all I look forward to on Tues &amp; Thurs mornings #USHistory #YouGoElton #ThanksJohn" 
@user @user it may have have gotten a higher score never denied that fact....but Nicki's album is STILL critically acclaimed. Lol 
Tonight going to see Foo Fighters in Concert + Friday Kenney Chesney :)) 
@user Tomorrow is Directioners Day!! Please follow me! I love you guys! 1D is awesome! You are amazing! I love y'all! 
"WooHoo! RT @user My homie @user moves to Alabama tomorrow, can't wait for her to meet the #rodomontade gang" 
The Wichita Wild still have a shot to make the play offs?  Looking forward to Saturday’s game! Bet some WW players get NFL contracts. 
Toby Keith tonight  Eric Church tomorrow State baseball Saturday  Shania Twain Sunday  It's going to be a good weekend!!! 
Tomorrow (Tues) at 5:00pm in GSC were selling tickets to Cedar Point ($30) and Ed Sheeran ($20). Pay with Cash/XCash! 
Time to binge on Naruto until the sun leaks through the blinds 
Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus coming Aug. 21, pre-orders begin today: Samsung on Thursday announced it... 
@user the sun is already shining for me. Tom Brady can play football and that evil Kim Davis is rotting in jail #gooddays 
Carnival Tomorrow. I'll make sure to take pictures:) #Excited 
Madonna entered Harper's Bazaar's 80's Beauty Icons list as the 7th most glamorous celebrity of the decade. 
Just passing through by Jason Aldean may be the sweetest song ever written 
Lexus may not know anything about skateboarding but science does all the talking. Back to the future was no joke! 
Jay Z apparently joined Instagram on Saturday and posted a photo montage of himself with Michael Jackson, who would have been 57 years old. 
"Don't miss How to Bake a Man with @user Google Hangout Saturday, October 18th, 3:30 pm PST. @user 
I am going to Milan tomorrow with my family. 
Getting your hands on an Apple Watch may soon be easier. We'll tell you where you might be able to to find it next on #GMR8 
Good morning! Need a Google + invite? I have a few #plusinvites. Love to see the #gtchat folks there! 
This time tomorrow AC/DC will be melting my fucking face off along with 82,000 other faces. #acdc #MetLife 
@user im good *Agent April* im survive in Raccoon City.... My mission was to take down.. Umbrella Corp! with Alice... 
We collected 252 pounds of candy this year in our third Halloween Candy Buy Back. We shipped it off Thursday... 
"Tomorrow, David Price takes the mound. That is nice." 
"Happy birthday to writer Stephenie Meyer (December 24, 1973), author of the Twilight series." 
Martin Luther King; Elizabeth 1st; The girl with the short skirt in McDonalds; My grandaughter. (4 boys.)   -  #Mention20PeopleYouWantToMeet 
"I Might Treat My Mommy' to the Movies Saturday to  See ""Final Destination 5"" !" 
I can’t wait to here this Negros explanation about Monday night!!! Smh un huh trust issues 
@user bring the beast of brock lesnar on monday night raw 
It's time! Come hang out with @user folks in the common area of the 4th floor of Grady to watch Apple's big announcements at 1PM! 
@user alright, ill go to ticketek tomorrow and sus it for you :) 
'They are fellow human beings' Angela Merkel on the refugee crisis. At last, a leader who is also a human being; 
DONT MISS OUT - Pre - owned Lexus #CT #IS #GS #RX available with only 2.9% APR* #TheOnlyWayIsLexus 
@user Friday nights are all about Mob Wives in my house. Respect! 
@user I cant stop watched the video that have those 2nd pict.Harry dancing in front of Zayn and he looks so happy.ha! 
Attn athletes: Did you just finish your AM run? We now offer yoga for athletes every Tues at noon with Briana! It's the best recovery. 
"People always wanna be the next MJ, the next Rousey, I just wanna be the best me. I may go further than those so why limit myself?" 
Just got the last win of the season! 2nd place in league woot woot! CIF HERE WE COME!!! ;) 
@user The Crown, Filthy McNastys, Katy Dalys or the Duke if York in Belfast! Can't wait to catch you guys tomorrow night!" 
@user can't wait to see you out there sat night at MetLife big year from you 
1st day of #Lolla - amazing. Paul McCartney floored me. Not sure any moment in my life will match Let it Be live. 
@user just heard that you are coming to Mexico City on the 25th! I'm so excited! I'm doing everything I can to get tickets for the show! 
"Lots going on at Barca this weekend! Join us for a drink or two. Kicking off your Friday night, DJ on 7pm till late 
Unlock your door from your wrist with #August Smart Lock for Apple Watch #applewatch #apps 
Look out for ONE (SINGAPORE)’s booth at Fort Canning tomorrow as we celebrate the Int’l Day of Peace.  Kids - and... 
"If this is where they are today, if this is how much he loves Louis right now, then Liam can't even imagine how good tomorrow will feel." 
National Hot Dog day huh? I may have to hit up sonic for these $1 hot dogs 
"Buti pa si Katy Perry, puma-party lang pag Friday night. Do it alllll again (overtime work in the office for us)" 
Seriously loving How to Get Away with Murder! I need ABC to let me watch Episode 3 and 4 now so that I can catch up for next Thursday! 
"Tickets to see Ant-Man with @user and @user this Friday! Looking forward to it, heard such mixed reactions to the film" 
@user are you going to Disneyland on the 18th for dapper day?! 
@user I don’t see C. Edwards doing anything but racing hard on Thurs in Duels on @user I’m sure he will be smart though! 
@user Ooh! I’ve just started playing my bf’s AC I to get me into it as I’ve never played before. I like! III may be bought soon..Xx 
Mix six pack from Warners at the Bay tonight. Bitter &amp; Twisted Beer Festival tomorrow. I love my #craftbeer 
"Also tomorrow on you'll find my review of Ant-Man. That's right bitches, I actually saw a new film at the cinema!" 
Tina Fey named Golden Globe host....mmmmmmmm i may just have to watch that. 
So its supposed to be in the 30s Sat night in Natchitoches!! @user @user better be lucky I love them!! #missyallboyz #itscold 
September 7: Happy Birthday, Hugh Mitchell! He played Colin Creevey in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. 
"Some """"Baby Boom"""" with Diane Keaton and corn flakes - Happy Monday!" 
@user @user love this picture! Praying for you right now Vanessa! May the Lord be your strength! :) 
Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming. David Bowie   The internet/media has the power to make the... 
@user oh okay u said it was on Netflix right? Maybe I'll watch on Friday 
I watched Sarah G Live again, I noticed @ d end na may disiplina talaga ang mga @user nag-aantayan sila ng turn to go to SG. luv it 
@user see you tomorrow in Port Charles hope you’re enjoying Big Brother :) 
Sat watching school days #TOTPS with my dad & The Runaways came on! I jumped up in excitement & he was like who are they?! Is he kidding me? 
October 29th 2012: Neil deGrasse Tyson & Michio Kaku launch a covert mission deep into the heart of Italy to rescue incarcerated scientists. 
When you work all day and get an email saying you have won Meet and Greet tickets to @user for Sat Aug 15 at MetLife #BigRevivalTour 
Coffee at the ready... Let's hit the road! #gameface #friday #Sales 
Caught up on The Big Bang Theory so it's been a very productive Friday 
"No matter what Monsters! So proud of yous! Hopefully we won it for our girl, @user  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Heading to the last Saturday of Star Wars Weekends for some intergalactic fun. #SWW2012 
Gr8 meeting Rohan &amp; Milan 2day with Cst Crowe &amp; MacArthur #K9Charger &amp; #K9General!!! Good Luck Wed Rohan @user 
Blessing May Free MP3 Download [Like it? ] 
@user How old? The Royals were the 1st Wild Card team. They'd have been in either way. 
Ian Bennett is responsible for the majority of my favorite music right now. Thank you. I also think he may have deleted his Twitter. 
@user Yea fam I think it may come out as a Xmas special .... I hope ! 
Brock Lesnar on sportscenter talking about his fight with the Undertaker this Sunday.... What a time to be alive 
"It's Sunday night. Everybody's lamenting work. So let's live it up one last time this weekend, with the Bee Gees! 
"National Hot Dog Day Thursday: Kangaroo Express will offer free hot dog to customers with a military ID from 4-8p, $.50 for everyon else." 
@user Free Webinar Friday 8/28: The Consulting Lifestyle with Charles M, Associate Partner - IBM. Sign up: 
"Christians in Pakistan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, India, Palestine, western China and East Africa. May God ease all you pains." 
My mom is excited because she's going to see Snoop Dogg in Philly tomorrow. 
Happy to know that Delhi Police had found today the missing girl from India gate on 28 sept 2014 
Fancy this Paul Dunne at the open at 40/1 would make it a good Monday 
Going to be good seeing Foo Fighters on Sunday. Will wash away the post Festival blues. 
Looking forward to watching the Mackems smash the Mags. Roll on Sunday. 
Girls Gone Wild! @user @user just a little bit of fun in the sun!!! @user @user #fun #sun #par 
@user Sunday is the best, Sam Smith on before Blur!  WTF as they say these days" 
Looking for someone to go with to a Zac Brown Band concert on August 21st at Citi Field. Anyone interested? 
George Osborne asks for Labours support on the welfare bill and by abstaining we essentially said 'go ahead George'  
Great stand by the Wolves on 3rd and long. Curtis will lineup to punt 
Got my t-shirt from the marching band's Danny Elfman show washed and ready to go for #SpiritDay tomorrow! 
Friday got sweeter with baby Liam at 6 weeks old! 
"gonna see the god, the beast incarnate, the mayor of suplex city @user tomorrow night. hopefully to see him wreck Seth Rollins." 
@user Shaw, Sterling, Ox and Kane may have a chance of being top class in the near future" 
Well done arsenal .... People 4get we play with our 3rd keeper .. Imagine man utd with ben amos in goal loooool 
Spirit Friday!Fill the halls with School colors and enjoy a dress down day!  No PJ, Yoga pants or Flip Flops/backless shoes. You Are Poland! 
ERMAGERD! Conor Oberst @user @user is playing the Barbican Centre in February. I must find a way. 
Win @user tickets right now for their impressive 3D-enhanced performance at the Kirby Center this Tuesday: 
Rick Perry is amazing. His speech was the best hands down. #perry2016 
Zayn deserves so much to be happy. I'd trade the moon for the sun if that could make him happy 
GeniusFootball: Carlo Ancelotti's 5 January targets to make his side even more stronger/Unstoppable! See: ... 
Hoping to look FIT tomorrow on the Jeremy Kyle show #ITVFashion 
Expert analysis on the new Iron Maiden song after my 25th play-through:  I like it. 
AC/DC tomorrow at Ford Field. Someone is going to be tired on the second day of 6th grade. #butitshisfavoriteband \m/ \m/ 
"Come and see Bee Gees Fever at Theatre on the Steps, Bridgnorth this Friday and Saturday. Tickets nearly gone...don't miss out!!" 
2 Thomas Edison HS graduates will join 1st Lady Michelle Obama's Beating the Odds Summit bringing together 2015 college bound graduates 
@user remember we just beat Arkansas and Ryan Mallett in Sugar Bowl! Arkansas was 2nd best team in SEC that year 
Monday night YOGA! Well you all brought some sunshine to the studio for my first day back teaching.  Ashtanga... 
@user @user here's the thing if you put barca and Madrid in the epl it would be exactly the same in la liga barca 1st 
Namaste ~ We have a relaxing weekend planned for you!  10 Sept 10:30 am Kid's yoga at Baransu &amp; 4 pm Beginner... 
I'm so happy to see that Justin got his 1st number on billboard after all he has gone through. 
This time last night was cuddled up with Liam, awh I miss him already:( can’t wait for Saturday:)) 
Happy to know that @user is good to play Saturday! We can still take the Big Ten! #WolverineNation 
Happy Monday Slackers! Don't forget tonight is Steamers Night here at Slackers. 1 Doz.$4.99  2 Doz.$8.99 with... 
Tomorrow, the biggest name in music & entertainment is on the show! And no it’s not Ricky Martin. Who is it? Click - 
@user ah really? Thankyou~ not yet, maybe bcs long holiday for Eid.. may I know the tracking number for the polaroid? ^^" 
@user thanks. YES THEY ARE COMING TO ROCK IM PARK *-* I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THEM FOR THE 1ST TIME OF MY LIFE !!! how is it in Belgium? 
Is anyone else going to/interested in going to see AC/DC on Tuesday? 
Watching the live stream of Miss Teen USA while watching the Olympics. Great Saturday! :) 
"Jaden Smith Deems This 2015 Romance the Best Movie Ever, Excluding Twilight: The aspiring spiritual leader may... 
@user First reaction: would look great in a SimCity game. 2nd reaction: ooh, it’s motorized! 
@user Welcome back 2 Khi Faysal Bhai.excited 2 see u again in #JeetKaDum.Happy 3rd day of Eid. 
We'd love to see you in Israel SQL Saturday on April 4th. Learn from Brent Ozar and Rob Farley precons #sqlsaturday 
@user OMG! lucky den! i was 12 when i saw Drake for da 1st time and it was my 1st Drake concert lmao i was 13 for Club paradise :) 
@user there was no handshake abigayle? Also when I come in tomorrow I expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there... Good girl 
@user Jason. . It seems we have some mutual friends I was hearing at the game on Sat. Travel with you to Bilbao from my neck of woods. 
Congratulations @user You won two Ed Sheeran tix for the Sept 5th show in Dallas! Come to A113 to claim your prize! #MultiplyClarkpub 
The sit down with Peyton was gr8..He opens up alot. Tune in Sunday on the Nfl today on CBS. 
"I haven't been this excited about SNL since James Franco, Matt Damon,  and JGL hosted. Get Chris Evans next. 
"Love David Bowie. ""Check ignition and may God's love be with you."" Heck yeh." 
Sarah Palin sat down with Donald Trump for a ridiculously flattering interview #mcgnews 
Nadal at the Parc des Princes this Saturday!: Big news! Rafael Nadal accepted the invitation of Paris Saint-Germ... 
"I may pay for the WWE Network, that's how happy I am about John Cena getting owned by the Daily Show guy." 
Alan rickman reading return of the native- perfect Sunday listening #bliss 
And on top of it all, my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is SO DELICIOUS today. Hey, Wednesday. We can get along! 
Today is National Ice Cream Day!!! Give in to the excuse! LOL.  
#np Ni**as In Paris - JayZ & Kanye, cant wait to see the live in June #watchthethrone 
"Riverside yoga on Race Street Pier was an awesome way to start my day. Going to get a long run in, and then it's Sunday Funday tonight." 
"If you're not coming to the SVSU vs. Wayne State game tomorrow, watch it on CBS College Sports or FSN Detroit. It's about to be hype!" 
Ok so Serena may have won but Venus wore hoops to the match and you know how I feel about hoops 
"It’s good some ABC and CBS outlets are reporting Benghazi - but part of reason is probably so they can claim ""but we reported it!"" @ 11th hr" 
Hawks vs rockets today,hawks vs thunder Sunday.so glad the NBA is back 
Heath Ledger in Batman may be the best performance of any actor in any movie of all time 
"Have you participated yet ? #AFriendLikeOyo Contest in on at @user  MOTO G (3rd Gen), OYO Vouchers and Shopping Vouchers to be Won!" 
I talked to an @user rep that Carly Fiorina may have trained and he was excellent. 7 pm in Ontario and I had my new unit before noon next day. 
Definitely going to dunkin donuts tomorrow morning 
"Kyle is going out for the first time tomorrow night, so proud lol" 
David Beckham: Soccer legend celebrates 16th wedding anniversary by getting: A number that marks one of the mo... 
@user When I think of Frank Gifford, I think of him as the guy on Monday Night Football than his playing career." 
At the end of #acwsgothenburg,  ETNZ lead overall with 54pts, then Oracle on 48pts, and we are 3rd on 46pts #BringTheCupHome @user 
Love him or hate him but so excited about getting to meet Ted Nugent tomorrow night :) 
@user @user Lorenzo Brown over Taylor any day of the week. 6’5 with just as good if not better skill set 
"Fantastic stuff from Paul Dunne, broke so many records as an amateur. Very likely to be in the last group tomorrow #TheOpen" 
"dans """"the Big bang theory"""" Sheldon c'est mon favoris ptn" 
It is an insanely good treat to be bringing Destructo @ popscene Thu, May 17. DESTRUCTO, the mastermind of  HARD... 
@user Well....that should be addressed to #p2 since they may understand Dr. Seuss....emphasis on the term """"may"""" :)" 
I got my sister's kids to watch Sharknado. They're asking about the 3rd one already 
"""@AdamantCriminal: WHITE COLLAR returns on Tuesday, January 22 at 10/9c.""Can’t wait to see it :-)" 
@user Bee Gees always been a FAVORITE...Musical genius!  Their music soundtrack made the film, Saturday Night Fever.  LOVE them!" 
Chris Evans is Neo-Edmonds.  Oh Chris please dazzle us with party tricks your production team googled on your reheated Friday shitfest 
Israel - Ramel Bradley (ex Yesilgiresun) may agree terms with Hapoel Holon 
Obama gives Joe Biden 'blessing' for 2016 bid &gt; If a second Clinton mail server turns up he may get the nomination? 
@user Idk, seems like there r plenty of Rousey fans &amp; not just in the US. They may not be UFC fans but they'll pay big $$$ 2 see her." 
@user hey Niall its my 16th birthday tday.. so if u wouldnt mind jst favoriting this. it would mean a lot. Hope u have a great day. 
Chargers pre season game with the Seahawks on ESPN Thursday. Only pre season but still good to have NFL back on tv. #chargers 
"Happy Wednesday! NBA players prefer the Beard, Urban gets a commit, OSU/Michigan brawl, Sharknado 3 &amp; Game Show Wednesday! See you at 3!" 
@user Glad you do. I think he may even be the next Spurs player to leave for a really big club. Before Bale possibly. 
It's that kind of a night that you need to listen to U2 while thinking of everything that you need to accomplish tomorrow. 
gonna meet the cast of Spartacus on the 7th! I am too excited! 
The White Sox swept the Royals aka the 2nd best team in the MLB 
Monsanto's $46 bln offer deserves a hearing, says @user Syngenta should talk, or show investors it has a better plan $SYT $MON #mergers 
I guess I'm going to watch Anderson Silva whop a nigga ass while drinking Grey Goose tonight 
Good to see Danny Care starting the 3rd test against the Boks. Great player who’s very quick at the base of the rucks #rugby 
Thursday is NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY! Our excitement is beyond words!!! Come celebrate with us tomorrow! 
"Don't have plans for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday? Well, now you do! Come celebrate by getting a Dole Whip... 
"planning on going to @user today, and any other cool stores in barcelona" 
On September 4 1987, Madonna performed Causing A Commotion live via satellite from the Stadio Communale in Turin,... 
I might act like tomorrow Valentine day and pamper my gf maybe then she’ll feel better 
"Hey friends, DST ends Sunday, 11/4. Just giving you a heads-up to set your clocks back 1hr before bed Saturday evening. :)" 
Aye if u guys like basketball the NBA League pass is free for November 6th find the channels on Comcast or Direct TV 
Good morning all. The sun is out today in Tayside. Hope you all have a great day today 
@user ion know cause I feel like Thor would too but then again Thor is really humble so you may be right 
Happy sixth of may, or what’s referred to as national Hate the Inventor of the Margarita Day. 
"Our Thor is ready to meet you at the #HaloAndPartners event, today through Friday. 98-124 Brewery Road London N7 9PG" 
Enjoying a high volume of trash tv tonight. Just caught the tail end of X Factor. LOVE Gary Barlow. LOVE him. Obviously an age thing. 
"Listening to Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday and hearing a reference about 10,000 hours! @user 
I’m having White Collar withdrawal. I can’t wait till it comes back in January. 
"July 19th is National Ice Cream Day! We want to know what your favorite Ice Cream place in Chester County is, post below!" 
World Series Tuesday. I like the Giants but I'm rollin with the Royals in 6. #Cinderella 
Kurt Cobain was a hero for a generation that just wanted to live in the moment and not think about tomorrow 
@user  Happy Birthday sweetheart. May all your days be special, just like you. Love, Grammy 
"It's Super Bowl Sunday, pastors. Get your Jesus Jukes ready! Guilt is an awesome motivator!  
Naruto may really be the child of God. Straight up healing the blind just like Jesus did .  #shippuden 
"Dear TL, does anyone have any Ziall fic recs for my dear @user She went with me to see WWA and I think she may be hooked??? *\o/*" 
Go get it Serena!!!  Congrats!  
Lionel Messi received his 2nd golden boot for being the top scorer in europen league. He scored 50 goals in... 
6th...playoffs and a Carling Cup Final!! Malky Mackay, I literally love you!! #whataseason 
"Josh Hamilton tormented the Angels Friday in return to Anaheim (2-for-4). Didn't start Saturday, but pinch hit and scored the winning run." 
Can't wait to see eric church tomorrow with @user ! #drinkalittledrink #smokealittlesmoke 
@user yes I love it!! Can't wait to see in Milan tomorrow!! 
"Happy 2nd birthday Prince George! Needing a repair can be a royal pain, but remember you can report it online any... 
Messi and Barcelona are preparing for the away game against Granada in La Liga tomorrow, kick-off 20:00 CET 
Happy 15th Birthday Nokia 3310. you are missed. 
Its going down in #DeathValley this Saturday! Geaux Tigers @user @user @user 
Jersey & Sammy think nekkid is where it's at ;) Happy Monday 
I just saw Kirko Bangz for the first time. I may be in love. 
All I want for my birthday tomorrow is to go see Jurassic World again. That's literally the only thing I want. 
That feeling i used to get when I new I was going to Disneyland the next day is how I feel about going to the sparks game tomorrow haha 
does anyone wanna go to disneyland lolita day with me??? :DDD october 18!! 
This time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill :) #cantwait 
Messi (back in January): 'My dream is to finish my career at Barcelona for as long as people want me' 
@user - Jason, Loving Your Performances. May Your Disco Balls Shine! You Are Truly the Hot Slut of the Day. 
Really hope Dustin Johnson pulls it out the bag tomorrow and ties up #TheOpen  #Adidas #AdidasGolf 
Looking forward to watching tomorrow now #joke #DeadlineDay" 
@user Hi! Have you already stocked up for naruto ultimate ninja storm revolution for ps3? Planning to buy on Saturday. 
"Congrats to client @user for his TV debut on Big Brother's Bit on the Side last night, analysing social media mentions of housemates" 
Nokia n95: solidly hand out until the ides of march.: UvQEDAk 
Love the combination of pics here: Pope at the gate, about to be released into the wild...? 
New wish list on Amazon.  Hoping to get on @user tomorrow during the day ;) 
SNOOP DOGG AKA SNOOPADELIC friday friday only $25 $25 at the new place on tow #GLOBE 740 S BROADWAY LA . for more... 
@user What is Selig's next brilliant idea:  Whoever wins the Grapefruit and Cactus League gets to play a one game wildcard in Oct? 
"I have the same birthday as my girlfriend and John Cena, April 23 about to be so lit" 
"Like, """"Sweet You."""" """"Happy Valentines day."""" (when it’s July). """"I’ll meet you at the shop every Tuesday.""""......." 
Memorised the journey to Lucy's tomorrow in case my iPod and iPhone run out of charge on route haha 
Toyota was named the best automotive brand worldwide for the 11th straight year! 
Superb interview with Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson by @user   
@user I'm putting all my focus into supporting you! Love you so much Shawn, can't wait to see you perform October 2nd!" 
Yep, it's happening! Come watch Magic Mike XXL this Friday at 7pm and start your Labor Weekend off right! 
Thank You God for blessinG Me with mY 1st Offer & Elon University for havinG faith in me & enouGh Confidence to Go Ahead & Pull the TriGGer. 
Join us for this Partner Yoga specialty class at our Rio Rancho club location next Sunday! See you there. 
Pretty sure I'm going to be the only person at this Jason Aldean concert tomorrow who's not wearing boots or a flannel. &amp; I'm okay with that 
A1 Live in Cebu at the Waterfront Cebu Hotel and Casino on November 23 #CebuFinest 
What a crazy night with Bob Sinclar at the club. Next date: Snoop Dogg that Saturday August 8th! 
"Paul McCartney is playing First Niagara Center on Thursday, October 22. I heard he was pretty good." 
Still can't believe I'm going to the chelsea vs. Manchester United game December 28th. Dream come true! 
Going to see Paper Towns tomorrow... Just remembered I wanted to re-read it before seeing the film...going to crack it out now @user 
"Kim Kardashian Now Has Her Own Emojis: Taylor Swift may be the most followed person on Instagram, but ... - @user 
Sunday, we're striking a pose with #Madonnarama! Join @user for an all Madonna dance party til 4 am! 
I hope enough people show up tomorrow so a Kpop course can be ran. I really want to do it. 
"Not gonna lie, kinda excited for #gfmodelsearch this Sat at Westfield Parramatta. Looking to be a killer day!!!!!! @user 
As you may already know, we are back from our one day observance of Labor Day. Stop by or email bridal@hallak.com today! 
What will have a better TV rating...#Cardinals v #Rockies tonight or MNF with #Texans and #Jets? Reg Season hardball v Preseason Football 
Ill love Jose Mourinho forever for bringing Drogba to Chelsea. Have a feeling I may say the same thing about AVB some day. #Mata #Lukaku 
Get to see my big sis sunday and watch the Packers game! #missher @user 
My youtube review of the new Hulk Hogan DVD has 30 views already and people commenting I may have a collector's item on my hands :) 
@user maybe if it was our musical but ehh Sam Smith is so much more amazing c'mon Bethany 
Free PSN game on PSN Game is ZEN PINBALL 2. Free Game on Playstation Network. As of Oct 1 2012. Get it now while its free. USA PSN 
Happy Friday everybody!  Does anybody else have a GOOGLE+ page?  Let's connect if you have one!!!  ;)... 
@user Debi, will you be taking all THREE of your kids (including hubby) out for ice cream on National Ice Cream Day on Sunday?? ;-)" 
Mr. Angelos helping the ZCMS 8th graders create their own Google Site. #Zion6 
"Gotta love it, and Snoop is playing tomorrow night at Bluesfest! 
Floyd Mayweather is the greatest boxer of all time. 
"BreakingNews: 'Ant-Man' wins box office for 2nd weekend with $24.8 million haul, edging out 'Pixels' - USATODAY 
@user September is a great birthday month! Same with me. Great to see your name at Harry Potter today too! 
@user @user I love Bernie Sanders, it's great you're spending your Saturday for his campaign. 
Sweet lord baby Jesus, David Beckham is one fine piece of ass may his life be filled with happiness and me. amen.  
@user If Murray takes 3rd set I think he'll win 
C'mon, of course they would ... - Conor McGregor says he'd beat Floyd Mayweather -- and Ronda Rousey would too 
Seeing Foo Fighters tomorrow aaarrgghhhh I'm excited and terrified at the same time 
Kendrick and Cole drop songs for us on Black Friday!  We talk through it on Show 53!  Peep! 
@user We'd be happy to help Chelsea! Please tell us more about what's going on so we may better assist. ^RoannaD 
This time tomorrow and Friday I will be on the flier at Rupp. Beyond excited and so thankful I get to experience this and it’s all b/c o 
@user it was nice meeting you. Looking forward to partying with u at The Bachelor Party Nov 30th. @user @user 
I’m so ready for @user to get here tomorrow! Another fun weekend in Starkville with my sweet boy!! 
Jindal, Landrieu appear on Face the Nation - Sunday on Face the Nation on CBS, Gov. Bobby Jindal delivered the sam... 
Monday's aren't so bad when your friend surprises you with last minute Sam Smith tickets! 
Amazing day today. I can’t wait for tomorrow; I get my braces then movie night at my bf’s house with Rosa & Jose. YAAAAY. 
Don't forget to collect the bills and win free ipod nano 7th generation &amp; 17% CK vouchers of total bills , we... 
David Cameron is expected to announce the UK will take in more Syrian refugees: #HeartNews 
I'm still thinking about Sunday &amp; last night. The Undertaker &amp; Brock Lesnar are going to tare the house at #SummerSlam #WWE 
Might be getting a little excited about seeing Foo Fighters on Saturday. #rock 
@user Can't wait for Friday because Milo and for you guys to see Paper Towns 
@user If Obama wins I am quite sure one of his 1st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with Tehran. 
Yo @user you excited for this packers game on sunday lolol 
There is not need to Wine about it:)  Briana's wine pick for this week will make your Wine Wednesday the best one... 
"Global tech major Cisco chairman John Chambers on Friday said, Narendra Modi is going to be great leader. He... 
@user So glad I watched a good Paul Rudd movie instead! (I might have sat through this mess if Paul Rudd was in it and her love interest) 
We are here @user for our 12th Anniversary celebration.  You still have time to make it - 6620 S. King Dr 
When you realize classes start the 9th so the AC/DC concert will be the best concert since Eminem and Jay-Z #thatwasgoat 
Like Kerry Frith (Author)  page for your updates on her books &amp; special offers  1st two books of the cocktail &amp;... 
Bowling then dinner w/ the family tomorrow for Maite's birthday (: 
July 23 is National Hot Dog Day. Here is where you can get a Free Hot Dog Today: 
"BOOOM! WINNER! White Sox vs. Royals Over 8.5 10 Units  Buy 3 day package, get Labor Day Monday FREE!  SAVE $50! 
"We may be next to last in time zones, but we're first in the Summer Olympics, and we all know that's what really matters." 
Just watched a Teens React video on Youtube where a guy named Shant said he liked 'old music' like Nirvana. Happy Monday. 
Good night everypony! May Twilight give you nightmares from her newfound power! #MLPFiM #brony 
Tomorrow I'm going to see the Pope and I couldn't be more excited! 
"Best of luck to Paul Dunne today as he tries to become  the 1st amateur to win ""The Open"" in 85 years!.. Also... 
Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman... May be the only 2 reasons why I still watch WWE 
someone pls take me to see Sam Smith i may cry my eyes out the whole time but pls take me 
gonna continue to watch twilight tomorrow i've been leaving the rest of the movie that i didn't watch yet for a long time lmao 
Grateful Dead Resurrected Once Again, With John Mayer On Guitar: While the Grateful Dead may have reached thei... 
"What a pitch by #bluejays David Price, striking out Texteira unscathed with #Yankees on 1st &amp; 3rd #jays #cometogether" 
Have a great weekend everyone. Make it even better by coming to bootcamp! 9am Saturday with Liam and 9am Sunday with Kev! 
Well it's great to see a wonderful woman from McAllen get 1st Runner Up in the Miss USA Pageant 
I know it's not Thursday but it's Magnum TA and Ric Flair... #cmon  
David Bowie may be the first celeb I’ve seen who could make mugshots look like a photoshoot for Calv 
hel o kids on Thursday please be ready to hear the John cena theme every time I enter a room 
Did you know that 'Charlie Hebdo' was Trending Topic on Saturday 14 for 5 hours in Belgium? #trndnl 
@user April 20th you guys ;) Smash Project special on myx idk what time tho @user @user @user 
"No matter who you are, most of the smartest people work for someone else. ~ Bill Joy, co-founder of Sun Microsystems. #quotes" 
@user Super Saturday deserves a disc of its own! Doesn't the Opening Ceremony have a commentary from Danny Boyle on it? 
@user Listen to the Land, but that is everyday. Today in particular...Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow." 
@user When I hear the words Monday Night Football I still think Frank Gifford. Thank you for sharing his testimony on the air! 
Back from Ant-Man for the 2nd time! Love that film. 
"excited to go on a diet with iona, the rules we made up a gr8!!! givin eachother 20p if we eat something bad & sunday is watermelon day heh" 
Ducks game viewing party at the house Saturday starting around 3pm. Feel free to hit me up and come through! #HuskyHateWeek #GoDucks 
@user Some of the Calgary runners heading to NYC are going to be cleaning up debris on Friday at Rockaway Beach. Great story. 
Zumba!!!! Have you tried it yet? Next session begins November 15th! Sign up now, Great way to keep up your cardio... 
@user and it has some cracking 3rd party downloadable games too. PS4 is more of a long-term console with OKish games at the mo imo 
On Wednesday we welcome chef and restaurateur Antonio Carluccio to the store to sign copies of his new book. 
I guess one 80s action star is much the same as any other. Can't wait for Chuck Norris's remake of Junior. 
@user loooool phones a myth. In Venice today, going to Nice in the morning then going Barca on saturday for a week. Also send money 
National Hot Dog Day with the morning team starts at 7am. Tomorrow is National Tequila Day...but not at 7am at work. 
Twilight and Hot Toddy Shower Gels on the Lush Kitchen this Wednesday...and so my obsession is rekindled 
the new naruto game comes out in February so I already know what I'm getting my bf for Valentine's Day   lol 
Monday is a Moon Day!  Enjoy a sleep-in tomorrow & a little extra rest.  Come to the Workshop with Harmony Lichty... 
"Shawn is like Sun in the morning, it's bright, hot and always makes you smile." 
justin once more waited for ellen to take her seat before he sat himself oh my baby 
Climbing Mount Snowdon on Sunday for #childreninneed with 6 young people from a home....anyone want to sponsor me @user @user 
@user alright. Guess I'll watch it tomorrow then. Is Ice Cube in it? 
"The first Hickman Reading Club meeting is Thursday, September 27 from 3:00 to 4:00. See you there! :)" 
Big day out on 10Nov @user Gallery hopping/talks/guided tours & more. My list of must see galleries/events   
OMFGOMFGOMFGOMFG The Black Dahlia Murder/Machine Head/Dethklok/All That Remains are gonna be at the Palladium in November! *JOOOOOOOY* 
Tomorrow I must watch the new PLL Halloween episode and watch the video for Mcfly's new song. 
Bob Marley - Sun is shining original Gorgeous day and very fortunate 
@user bc HT was the 1st album of a very unique twist of Rock and Rap, LP is very original^_^ #HybridTheory 
@user looking forward to seeing you perform in april at the kirby center in PA =) happy holidays to you!! 
Beautiful Washington Monument in DC as the sun sets: What a walking path! 
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID MiLLkeSmooV: I went viral lip syncing in the car to Beyonce on her birthday... Happy Friday! 
@user the great Troy Tulowitzki, the great David Price going Friday." 
@user yeah, we have the option to use the QB as a flex back. i activated Weeden & Sat Reggie Wayne for the 1st time" 
I’ve just noticed that @user reminds me of noel fielding a little bit. I think it may be their strangely wonderful dress sense :) 
"Best of luck to Tad, Theresa, Curtis, and all the other UK fans when logging in to work Monday. Told you I was... 
Every time I use a paperclip I think of Clippy from @user Word. He may have (finally) left my screen, but he will never leave my brain! 
Ok so the votes for Allstar coach are coming in tomorrow.send good energy.i really want this silly super important thing. 
I can't wait till the 25th. That's when Ima get a PS4 cause that's when 2k comes out. 
Oracle recognized R Systems International Limited for achieving their 1st #Exastack Ready Designations. Check it out 
"Wow! For the 4th consecutive year, Zac Brown Band absolutely killed it. Great show!" 
"Happy 25th Birthday, dear Donny Gibbon! Donny is a funny little gibbon, he loves to play tag, wrestle and chase... 
As a teenager in the 80's I loved Monday Night Football and listening to Frank Gifford. Even Cosell and Dandy Don were tolerable 
I literally cannot freaking wait to see Paper Towns on Wednesday I just know it is going to be soooo good.  #PaperTowns 
That's it for Kiryu for now. Hoping to wrap up the main story by the end of the day. Before the 10th is here. It's almost June 12th.... 
Varoufakis may have some expertise in game theory, but Angela Merkel is the Grand Master of the game  
@user Next Saturday do you want to go see Paper Towns and go for noms to celebrate? :D 
Ready to see Madonna on the 19th 
RT: @user Its Friday people!!! Get that Kermit the frog cycling feelin ;) // And i’ve started holidays!! :)) 
LET THE CHAMPIONS CONVERGE! Its time for Sunday Oliseh to prove his mettle as the new coach of the Super Eagles... 
Ed Skrein, Game of Thrones' 1st Daario, Explains Why He Left the HBO Show--Find Out What He Said! 
Totally just got reminded I'm going to see AC/DC on the 20th!!! Wooo!!! 
Melissa McCarthy and Margo Martindale!  Congrats!  Any other MM's tonight? 
WWE's 12 Rounds 3 Lockdown with Dean Ambrose may actually be a decent movie ........... maybe. #WWE 
Alright - early to bed tonight. Hope you guys will take a look at Batman #44 tomorrow if you can - thanks! 
Do anybody else agree that Cole and Kendrick did better on each other song with the black friday 
Andrew Luck featured in the latest Rolling Stone and on the cover!  NFL Kickoff is this Thursday!  Colts regular... 
Who's going to Jason Aldean Thursday! I got tickets and wanna party it up! 
Get pumped for the new season of Justified!! #january 
@user just realized i had 400 credits on my acc left, got one pack nothing in it but a free pack with it, di maria 2nd pack :) 
I love the drive to Starkville can’t wait till I make it into the college in January #AChiversParadise #onthereal 
So far for these past weeks all my music has consisted of Zac Brown Band songs. So excited for the concert Friday! 
@user see you tomorrow in Milan! Kick some ass babe! 
Why Joe Biden may well be a great candidate for SMBs--if he'll run of course: @user 
Take the Highway to Dundas and check out FTATR (AC/DC cover band) on Sat at 6pm on the Main Stage! #dundascactus40 
"Renamed ""Battle of the Barges"" Bos waterfront fireworks saturday, ""Tom Brady is FREE."" Nice show! 
Literally planning to go to the movies just so I can see the dell commercial and scream ITS JACK AND JACK! BUY CALIBRASKA ON THE 24TH!! 
I'm excited to see the lions tomorrow :3 
Niall's laugh at the end of that snapchat is honestly the 2nd best part of the best snapchat every recorded 
Life is good, Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls are back! 124 MacDougal b/t 3rd and Bleecker. Bring on the King Cake! @user #snogood! 
UFC 189 was everything I wanted it to be and everything I imagined. Robbie Lawler KO in the 5th round and Conor McGregor KO end of the 2nd 
"Hey, freeloaders? It's National Ice Cream Day. Chow down and worry about your hips tomorrow, Monday. Or the 1st... 
Happy Birthday Prince George! Hope you grow wise and healthy to be a great king one day #AllHailThePrince 
Thanks @user Jurassic Park is gonna roar this Saturday night with @user &amp; tasty food trucks! 
Aquib Talib for a 4th round pick is larceny. Good move by the Patriots. 
#Pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a Paul George jumper. Up 10 pts, 48-38, with 2:03 left 1st half! 
@user So lucky ! May you give me a DM with Niall? He's my fav and it would really mean the world to me 
Justin Bieber via Fahlo: May our new year be filled with moments like this 
Feed Fournette and win @user Y'all gonna like tomorrow's game preview. Except the part where LSU needs to run the ball 
"I know it may sound strange to many, but it's incredible how Iron Maiden music made me relax #music" 
@user  Congrats on the new contract and good luck tomorrow in Bmore!  GO STEELERS! 
Planning my trip with my friend to see Mariah Carey Feb. 6th. can't wait to see my queen @user #1ToInfinity 
Eagles of death metal definitely get you going on a Monday morning. 
#NowPlaying Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday  It's the best av heard from #Lamar 
Bring on the housemates! Celebrity Big Brother kicks off August 27th @ 9pm EXCLUSIVELY on TV3! 
My mom is really lecturing me about how Sharknado is such a good movie &amp; that everyone watches it which is why they came out with a 3rd one. 
I hope Nicki attends the Givenchy show Friday. 
Thanks @user for coming pass The Saga tonight! Can't wait for Love Lee to drop Oct 16!!!!! #SagaLove!!!! 
Alhamdulillah anew brother in Islam. May Allah continue to guide you on this path and make this journey easy for you 
"Calle a softy, but the Happy Thursday bikers actually do make my Thursdays happier" 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my ACE, BESTFRIEND & lowkey SISTER @user ..!! Hope you have fun, see you Sunday so we can TURN UP!! #Ayyyeee 
Obama was given the Nobel Prize on entry into the White House;Angela Merkel may well get at the exit point- for service to 'refugees'.PEACE 
I feel like I'm gonna cry at everything during the Sam Smith concert tomorrow cuz his voice is so amazing 
Anyone interested in camping tonight on the New River and swimming at Summersville tomorrow? 
CHURCH TONIGHT WAS NOTHING BUT POWER! I feel so blessed to have a church filled with people who are amazing. WOTM I <3 U 
If you haven’t seen your Good Giving Guide yet, check it out online.  The Challenge starts Nov 1 - we appreciate your support!... 
Selling 2 floor seat tickets to Chris Brown for this Wednesday @ 360 Amphitheater hmu if you want them :))) 
Imagine having a 20th of Messi's ability. You'd be the best in your team 
@user no im going this september 3rd to watch zac brown band 
@user At the same time as the Apple event? Nope! Test weapons have to wait until tomorrow! ;-) #destinythegame #apple #appleevent 
Euro Cup and $10 Burger N Beer sound like the perfect recipe for a Tuesday afternoon. Stone Brewing on special all day! 
If I only had one shot to win you then call me jordan 4th quarter in ’92 
NBC should send Nancy Snyderman down to interview Ebola lab gal on the cruise ship. They may hit it off. 
Just thinking about couple days I had in August; Stone Roses one night then Kasabian, Noel G and The Cribs the next. Doesn’t get much better 
I fail to be an Ant in my new video! Ant-Man review coming tomorrow guys hope you like it! 
Now... I miss Rui En on TV. It’s okay... 18 February marks the day when Rangels get to see her again. 
"Had a good day at brid, now off to bed. Cant wait to see inbetweeners on wednesday! &lt;3" 
Valentine’s Day by Linkin Park may not be the newest song but it’s one of the best 
@user guess what im working in the day on 17th meaning you can come over so we can be excited aaaaand we can go see inbetweeners! 
Happy Twitter Thursday @user @user @user Can you play we be clubbin by Ice Cube or Feel Good by Mase. 
@user are sponsoring the Education initiative of the year Award at #SocietyAwards12 tomorrow. Good luck to those shortlisted. 
To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar is the best album of the year. Hamilton the Musical is easily the 2nd best album 
Tbh. Drag me down music video was so good that I didn't notice Zayn was missing until the 4th time I watched it 
@user haha miss you too. And I may have to come to Murray sometime soon and show you guys how to party. Lol 
@user you may not see this but you should follow @user shes cool! she's a huge ICONiac you a should follow her and make her day 
Thought it was Ben Affleck for a 2nd! Love this! @user  #Club1909 #GoHabsGo 
@user You played a Janet Jackson joint around 2am on Thursday NIght/Friday morning. No verses. Almost just an instrumental loop. 
I'm a big fan of Kunle Afolayan. I normally enjoy his movies  Is October 1 any good? Would love to see it 
Frank ocean is the best thing out in music and this whole album supposed to come out in July and now it's august 11th shit is breaking me 
"My son is walkin out with the ENG team tomorrow night,told him under no circumstances can he b holding hands with Kane,am I right 2 say that" 
Very surprised Tom Brady was willing to speak at his locker room about the #DeflateGate decision. Can't wait until Thursday. 
Lol what is my life I'm wearing a kameez that was one of my Eid outfits in the 9th grade w a gharara from 10th grade 
The 1st time I saw them live &amp; started crying &amp; wouldnt stfu about how Niall had balloons #wwat #MillionMemories 
Eid al-Adha is few months away in September Christianity can also jump in Celebrate due to Same Verse from the Bible 
@user The expected arrival date for Iron Maiden's album The Book of Souls is 11 Sep. If I preorder will I get it on Fri or after? 
Can't wait for Raw tomorrow night. Brock Lesnar and Undertaker both in the same arena. That's going to be awesome! 
Me waiting for the 6th season of Game Of Thrones.... 
I knew Jay-z was getting old but I forgot about Eminem. He looks 30 something! 
Laugh a Little: National Herald Case - Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi May Have to Aooesr at the Courts  Here is... 
@user I wanna go to the pool tomorrowcome to knollwood 
"Thilakan had given a reality check into the affairs of malayala cinema in '08 - Superstardom, National Award et al 
"Federer plays tomorrow, so I guess I won't talk to you until Thursday because you'll be busy drooling" #shitmymomsays #tiff 
David Wright 1st at bat back from 4 and a half months of injury and he goes upper deck vs the Phillies!!! Welcome back cap 
McCashin's Brewery won 2 awards last night in the Deloitte Fast 50- 1st in Manufacturing and 3rd overall is New... 
Only one hour until the #AppleEvent   "iPhone 6s? iPad Pro? Here's what you think Apple will announce today"  
"From my 2nd family, Katherine M., a student in NYC, got an internship with Amy Schumer...now that's cool." 
Omg Thursday is the last day to see Jurassic World in IMAX 3D and I don't know what I'm gonna do but I'm gonna carve out some time to go 
That was David Wright's 3rd home run of the season! 
May have mentioned this but I am quite in love with Bruce Springsteen. Jack of all Trades from Wrecking Ball has nearly made me weep at desk 
@user miss youuuuu, come over Saturday with Colton #loveyouuuuu" 
@user shook your hand in 'Tolos' in May, proud to have shaken the hand of the Maillot Jaune, congratulations!" 
I had such a great time tonight that I’ve decided to keep celebrating! Join me at Volare this Wed and Thurs! Bring your food donation! 
I have packed just about everything needed for #Tracon starting tomorrow. I am now allowed to watch a couple episodes of Hannibal and knit. 
Think I might go to see Paper Towns tomorrow after months of waiting for it to come out #PaperTownsMovie #cinema #Cardiff #film #movie 
this song Black Friday by Kendrick has me so fucking wet he's a God 
@user just got Twitter, here's me and Digi mon 
Aye now Meek may surprise us. You know when Jay-Z dropped Takeover they thought it was over for Nas. And then Ether...... 
Defending the production of sustainable cotton for African countries: Interlaken 8 October 2012. Mr. S... #wcoc09 
lol i fell twice tonight im so clumsy man bahahahaaa it was sooo funny i jus keep thinkin of kevin hart 
Here’s a great Bioshock Infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for it’s February... 
@user I thought your mash-up of Katy Perry &amp; Frank Ocean was BRILLIANT. That may have been my favorite song of the night! #YouKilledIt 
"Full interview: Carly Fiorina, September 6: Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina sits down with ""Fa... 
"Frank Gifford, Howard Cosell and ""Dandy Don"" Meredith made Monday Night Football what it is. Rest in peace, guys. You were a hoot." 
"Terry Collins: ""We are certainly right now ... expecting [David Wright] to be here Monday."" That means the series opener in Philadelphia." 
There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow: via @user  When you are feeling down remember this song it makes me smile 
hyped for J Cole and Kendrick in February you know I'll be at that concert @user @user 
"Nice piece about @user in tomorrow's Scotland on Sunday, pegged to his new stage production of The Ladykillers. Man gives good quotage." 
A Kurt Cobain solo album due out in November??? It's about time... Tupac's been doing it for years. Thank you @user 
"Kanye West, in accepting his Video Vanguard award at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards Sunday, questioned the very... 
Watching this U10 tournament on the #turf at MYSA really shows how much 1st touch and possession go hand in hand - for my HS team too! :) 
Javier Saviola: "I'd be delighted if Messi won his 5th Ballon d'Or because of the quality of his football and because of our friendship." 
I wanna go to the gay club tomorrow night 
Amazon Prime is pretty nice :D ordered my cousins bday presents Friday and they're already in the nearest usps location. 
I want to attend Sam Smith's concert at MOA Arena on November. 
Thanks to @user Kim & I are going to the Rascal Flatts concert tonight! Thank you Tampa Bay's Best Country!!! 
JOSH HAMILTON 2 RUN BLAST! Rangers lead the Giants 2-0 in the 6th! #NeverEverQuit 
It's 2.32 a.m. here in Italy now :) Tomorrow other amazing photos for you! ;) Night! :D 
This is just a friendly reminder that tomorrow is Halloween in Metroplex. 
"Time for a new Tuesday cover! This is U2's ""with or without you"" with Ralph Koopman!  Really enjoyed his join and... 
Guys it's my birthday on Monday can someone buy me some of that Jurassic Park animated TV show concept art, only $600 
Just watched The Lorax for, like, the 3rd time! Made me laugh, smile, frown and inspired me a lot :D 
Sad to hear Frank Gifford died. 1of the best Monday Night crews and a kind man when I met him 
"Mad tings this friday!! Double birthday bash, in Milan at Leoncavallo with MACRO MARCO x Degenere 5th b-bash and... 
"Bilbao flights booked! Exciting times, cant wait for a weekend with Little Beth and Javi! Roll on November 29th :)" 
Who wants to party with Tay and I Saturday night in Troy?! ;) for real though..... 
To anyone planning on watching the Teen Choice Awards tonight. Spoiler Alert: The winners are Justin Bieber and Twilight. 
at work still excited about Saturday's Rousey vs. Correia fight. 
1st gen iPad mini still going strong. Love that little guy. 
@user sometimes I forget you're 80 years old. Reading the Sunday paper at 5am...you missed the early bird, Seinfeld 
My sister got Justin Bieber tickets &amp; I'm so happy for her bc I know how exciting it is to see your favorite artist live for the 1st time 
Zac Brown may be one of the only few country singers that can make me cry #VoiceOfAnAngel 
Ice Cube's son was born. February 24th 1991. I was born February 19th 1993. he 24. im 22. we're Pisces. we're perfect for each other! really 
@user looking forward to watching you in Sharknado 3 tomorrow night !! 
Happy National Ice Cream Day!! My kind of day!!! Happy Sunday!! 
I liked a @user video Friday Night Smackdown - Mark Henry clashes with Randy Orton on the Cutting Edge 
Good for the Des Moines Register and good for Rick Perry.  He will make you all proud. 
"Jan Hooks: Designing Women S1: The mark of a great sitcom is whether the jokes and tone stand up to time, despite any 
If anyone wants to buy Kendrick Lamar tickets for the 19th and 20th of December let me know!!!!!!!!! 
@user i saw you and the guys last year on February 23 in Milan that was the best day ever I'm not kidding and I'll see you on September 20 
Just Dance by Lady Gaga brings the 8th grader in me back to life 
@user In October 1, Kunle Afolayan delivered what's arguably the best film out of Nollywood yet. Am telling u ...no doubt" 
"Let's hope tomorrow is a better day for all Bahrainis, except regime loyalists. Good night Nabeel, stay strong for us. Don't leave us." 
when you gotta wake up early tomorrow to go to Atlantic City but you know you're getting Dunkin so you just chillen 
The most exciting part of Paper Towns was the instrumental version of Fourth of July by Fall Out Boy that played in the middle of the movie 
"So, tomorrow will be time for streams. Dark Souls in the afternoon, very likely Fallout in the evening. Gotta finish that pesky game. x)" 
@user @user @user My wife is a devout Christian and she went to the Pride Parade on Sat. and loved it. 
Loved the original PS Vita version. Glad to see PS4 owners will experience the game.  
Harper was right lol, Nats leave in the 7th 
Nuno Espirito Santo has been a nice surprise. Valencia currently 2nd in La Liga. Beat Atletico Madrid on the weekend. 
Pacers had a very solid 4th quarter comeback victory. Paul George played fantastic in the 1st quarter but disappeared after that 
@user Saturday, I buy my ticket for the #TMHTOUR in Belgium! I’m so happy! 
Sam Smith and Kasabian have been the highlight of #VFest today. Looking forward to Jessie Ware tomorrow 
@user Some may believe in Thor or nothing at all, but I believe in the risen Savior Jesus Christ." 
"Well done to the Deloitte #2012BCTWF winners appearing in the Sunday Times. #VirginActiveSA, #MiWay and #Strate are the best employers in SA" 
"Thor is the man, this guy may have single handidly just turned this around with that first pitch" 
We thought it would be a great idea to read the brand new Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee starting August 1st! 
@user Aside going to the hockey viewing partying tonight, I'm going to my aunt &amp; uncle's early Halloween party tomorrow night. :)" 
Fuck it. Closed the job down early to grab a flight to Boston for AC/DC concert tomorrow. Ride the highs of free money yo. #LookoutBoston 
TV Ratings: 'Big Brother' Leads Wednesday; 'Mr. Robinson' Steady-ish on NBC: The CBS show again tops the night... 
Kendrick Lamar has surprised us with an extraordinary freestyle on black friday. he got this inspiration from the legendary J.COLE 
"#LiesToImpressPeople I was in the 2nd to last row in the stadium concert &amp; David Bowie talked directly to me. Actually, he did. Impressed?" 
Rahul Gandhi at the 31st Plenary Session of INTUC Love Respect Support always. #RGwithworkers  @user 
"Paul Dunne: ""The ball does what you tell it to do."" We all know he's one to watch now! Brilliant #TheOpen 
"Eto o! The Ultimate Multimedia Star on #SarahGLive for the 1st time! :) Toni Gonzaga!!! :D Happy8thMonthsarySarahGLive 
Happy independence day to all and jummah Mubarak to all Muslims in Pakistan may you celebrate it with great zeal and zealot 
"john cena ,if ua good u will beat john cena for the 1st round BUT FORGET ABT THE 2ND ROUND WE DONT GIVE UP. 
Of course mom can make a Minecraft cake. Happy 6th to my little man. 
@user May Allah azwajal bless. you and your generations past and future.. Wouldn't you agree Islam is a religion of thinkers? 
Christian Ponder may not be a great qb but he is a great individual. Shout out to him for his act of kindness. 
"Just makes you smile when you walk out side, the sun is shining and U2's It's a Beautiful Day is playing in the background." 
Skyline Drive/ Shenandoah w the fambam tomorrow! Afghans at a park.. on a Sunday.. how unique lol 
Shocking! Warriors may actually have the best coaching staff in the Pacific Division. #GSW #NBA #Lakers #Clippers #Suns #Kings 
"On Thursday night game helping recruiting, Stoops said: """"I think it helps.""""" 
@user Make sure you & the girls watch seasons 1-5 of #Dexter, before season 6 premieres Oct 2.  Seasons 1 & 4 are the best!" 
I will see him perform at club Pulse tomorrow so happy lol my bday... Come party with me having a... <via #instagram> 
@user Wisconsin don't forget to VOTE TODAY!! VOTE DEMOCRAT!! Go Wisconsin.#WIunion. Its critical to vote. GOP thinks you wont 
Holy shit! The girl that drums for the Nekromantix may be the most beautiful woman on the planet Earth. 
Lots of appointments booked in for Shaun's trip to the satellite office in Haltwhistle tomorrow. Its good to keep him busy! 
@user @user @user and may i remind you that 4/5D look up to Michael Jackson lol 
26 August Free Kids Minecraft App Building: Creating web apps about Minecraft! 
Mizzou commemorates its win over Kentucky with a T-shirt. No, really. | Dr. Saturday - Yahoo! Sports #fb 
@user Thanks, Israel! The base-band version will determine if the device is up-to-date. May we please have the model" 
We sat down with Ice Cube himself to talk about his new movie 'Straight Outta Compton'.  
@user Maybe if they make a 3rd one and it will be the last one like the Jurassic Park movies, then yes 
Ned Stark may be back for "Game of Thrones" Season 6. Here's what it means: via @user  #GameofThrones 
@user I really want to order my husband some Nike air max 90s for 1st anniversary tomorrow. Could you offer me a free next day delivery code 
Sen. Bernie Sanders braves the summer heat at fairgrounds Thursday night 
Still can't believe I'm going to see AC/DC tomorrow 
"Constantly mentioning comments about Justin Bieber to my parents, so they may just buy me tickets." 
John Kasich should feel proud of his performance at the #GOPDebate Thursday night. He looked more presidential than the rest of the field. 
Can it just be Thursday? I need football and Bentley! 
Definitely watching the iPhone event today to see what I'll be upgrading to in February. 
"Celebrating International Nurses Day, 12 May - Closing the Gap: From Evidence to Action. Happy Nurses Day. 
Remembering Frank Gifford: Your Say: Readers comment on the death of an NFL Hall of Famer and former Monday Ni... 
Who's down for Disneyland with @user and I for my birthday on Thursday?! 
"Sox beat the Yankees tonight, great day to move from NY to Boston" 
@user oh. I may have been watching a marathon of who do you think you are on tlc. Wasn't paying attention to Twitter. Good for Nicki! 
@user I'll be Abigail on Saturday and Hannibal on Sunday :D If you think you see me shout loud and I'll probably hear it~ 
so who wants to come over Tuesday and have a one tree hill or Harry Potter marathon with me:)) 
"This will be my 4th year in a row geared up as Cena passing out candy to the Trick-Or-Treaters, the kids love it & so do the moms ;)" 
@user Hahaha you clearly have never seen AF live. Clueless. Regarded by Rolling Stone as the 4th best live band around. 
"Hella forgot, it's Thursday therefore there's a new episode of naruto on Hulu therefore it's lit" 
"Played Football,watched football and last nights UFC &amp; just taken down a massive Ruby whilst watching Twilight. What Sunday's are made for!" 
my mam just bought Liam a car but all he's bothered about is going to digi tomorrow night 
Pride Parade this Sunday -- looks like it's going to be huge!  
They say you are what you eat, but it’s Friday and I don’t care! #TGIF (@ Ogalo Crows Nest) 
Ok that is it for tonight! Next week thur night at 9 and possibly during the week at random times :) Aslan and Kyle are the winners tonight! 
Really looking forward to the Passion 4 Pink event tomorrow night at Medusa in Brownsville. It’s perfect for a... 
@user  You sound like Will Ferrell on Old School. """" Got a big day tomorrow""""! #soundsexciting #classic" 
one of my favorite activities is going to IHOP every Friday with the squad 
When everyone's so excited about Lady A at the fair but you just saw The Zac Brown Band on Friday 
"Hey sugar junkies! Don't miss our Sugar Blues Workshop with Abbi Miller Holistic Nutrition + Yoga on Tuesday,... 
@user 2nd only to Hannibal in best show of the year. Who was knocking at the door??? #MrRobot 
"Rodgers: """"In terms of my methods, one thing to clear up is 2nd day recovery. People thinking #LFC players on 2nd day sat at home watching TV" 
Fuck looking at art tomorrow I’m going straight to the side of town where I can find chief keef! #OHHYEAHH 
"Little game to cure your Thursday boredom thanks to Iron Maiden If the boss catches you playing, we didn't show... 
"i haven't watched Naruto since I was like 9, but tomorrow is the day I start watching it again." 
Dreamed I met David Bowie at a coffee shop. Got to talking about music and he sat down with me for hours. Hope it was prophetic. 
"The Royals have to sweep again, that way the celebration is on a Saturday and not Tuesday or Wednesday." 
CSNBA replaying the Grateful Faithful about the Grateful Dead and Bob Weir being a huge SF 49er fan :) Happy Monday :) 
@user 34:17-19...May The God  of Israel who does not sleep nor slumber be with you and strengthen you in this trying times 
They made a sky zone here in Covina across the street from the AMC. I’m definitely going sunday!(: who’s down? 
"Prince George is the cutest baby. Me and the girls were all ""aww"" at work at him and his 2nd bday. Adorable." 
A cheeky 61 by Nick Watney good enough to win #CIMBClassic at -22 from @user & @user @user closed with 63 to share 4th 
Labor Day really is an awesome holiday. Basically working people just come together and say, "not today Monday, we refuse you." 
"#GH That was Donnell Turner's 1st scene as Curtis, hope he stays in the show for awhile, maybe he can be Jordan Ashford's new love interest" 
Not the same digest in relation to the google android wafer other self january complement other self: ivsH 
David Bowie makes me want to draw and draw and get lost in a whirlwind of sound and color :D #Saturday #BoxingDay #drawing #DavidBowie 
As a Jesuit Pope visits the US, you may have questions about us. Check out the US and Canada Jesuits' resource page: 
@user #Celebrityonholiday For Harry Potter Room with Wands &amp; Brooms as Decor Props You never know when he may wish to perform magic 
Going to a Sunday matinee of Dredd 3D. Probably most excited for the return of Lena Headey’s natural hair color. Sarah Connor > Circe 
Now playing the debut album by @user  - it's out on Monday and the band play The Horn on Tuesday! :-) 
Music at Citizens Bank Park continues with the Zac Brown Band tomorrow night.  Tickets available here: 
Last Saturday would have been his 58th birthday. Mussic from Michael Jackson coming up in just a few minutes..... 
@user @user Kath. I hope you do enjoy the game last night. Tomorrow has another game. Go JLin! 
We're having a sausage party at 1412 E.6th St from 9pm-2:30ish. Stop by after the Pride parade 
Watch my 1st attempt at making a narrative game/movie; with homage to Oracle! #XboxOne #BatmanArkhamKnight 
#jerzday tonight FIRST EPISODE OF JERSEY SHORE SEASON 4 PREMIERES TONIGHT!!!!! :') 
Hurray @user for telling the truth about George Osborne's Northern powerhouse fairy stories #jeremy4leader 
Everyday at twilight When the sun turns red in the sky I think of you on that shoreline Brushing the hair from your eyes 
I wonder what famous person will go to Disneyland tomorrow! Can Chris Pratt go so I can stalk him all day 
Great job @user for getting two cars in a hotel conference room on the 5th floor at SXSW! #IAPRSA12 
"Yes, I can live today, if you give me tomorrow, as long as you follow." Love me some Fleetwood Mac! #vinylrecords 
Mommy brought me some red velvet cupcakes! And im gonna play football tomorrow morning with daddy, bella, and jarvey! Yayy family. 
yesterday I bonded with a 9th grader over our mutual love for justin bieber and disdain for non-iphones 
Eid is September 24th and Drake is releasing his new album that day this will probably be the best eid gift I've ever received alhamdullilah 
Yes, Magic Mike XXL is a feminist movie, but the reason may surprise you 
Aah I love this night. Watched Thor again with the husband and we get to sleep in tomorrow before all the cooking begins. 
"I'm going to knock 4 bands off my concert bucket list this Thursday, but Metallica, Iron Maiden and A7X are still at the top" 
Playing #Diversity2 on Minecraft with @user and friends. #playing #it #for #my #4th #time 
@user well played at sumer slam seth may win the game but the real champ is here john cena 
I just realized that tomorrow is Friday which means tomorrow is the Kingsburg Vs. Selma game :) #excited 
Donald Trump may have the answer for America's immigration reform, if we are to survive terrorists attacks from all who are already here. 
Today is Star Wars Day because November 5th is when Guy Fawkes blew up the Death Star 
Girl Scouts selling cookies outside of the liquor store on a Friday night? #smartkids 
"From Elvis Costello's memoirs to Chris Evans's mastery of his craft, here's @user on the week's best radio 
on the 25th of march can we celebrate zayn's time in the band and create cute hashtags and post funny things and really cute things pls 
Special from Tim Brown ONLY tonight and Saturday!!! Copper River Salmon (available only for 3-4 weeks a year) 
Happy Tuesday. Our countdown to Christmas continues today with our 2013 release of David Bowie and Bing Crosby's... 
Tune in for gay stuff on @user on @user tonight. I will probably say 'Bye Felicia' for my 1st time ever. #KimDavis #byeeeee 
"Nice win, Thor, Captain America, and the Falcon came up big , let's even this up tomorrow. #LetsGoMets" 
"Tomorrow night, 40 years since we ran the very first Carols By Twilight in Webb St Narre Warren. Don't miss it... 
This years NBA schedule got me pumped for the season. Knicks Vs. Nets in its 1st NBA’s Battle of New York. We already know its NYK town. 
"Oh are they having an awards ceremony for how well you did the dishes last night? - Bryan to Lowis, Family Guy. Hahaha!" 
T.O.P is a famous artist and actor from South Korea. He is born in 4 November 1987 with a real name, Choi Seung-hyun 
"I just sat here explaining to meme how hungry I was and then she looked at me and drove past Dunkin, smiling." 
Will be watching Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday purely for the inclusion of Bobby Davro who I've admired for years. #CelebrityBigBrother 
Hallowed Be Thy Name by Iron Maiden may have the greatest lyrics ever written. 
Very heavy band of snow just W of Grand Bend likely close to 0 visibility and may drop a fast 5-8 cm of snow. #onstorm 
XTU will be in the house this Thursday Night giving away Jason Aldean tickets! 
@user @user @user @user @user just hearing Kane scored for England off to Spain tomorrow it's great to be alive#dubs 
Kendrick is on top of the game in my opinion. His bars are incomparable to any others right now. Black Friday is fire 
@user Well I'll do the St. Patrick's Day party AKA MY 18TH BIRTHDAY!! (; 
@user why are you and Michael Easton so perfect? i mean what's that about? 
Even though The Undertaker may be old he's the only superstar in the current roaster that can stand up to Brock Lesnar!!! #DeadManWalking 
Today is Metlife. Jesus is coming back its the 2nd Easter. All wars have ended &amp; ceased fire in the stadium. We all gained superpowers. 
@user Great job that you have done in your movie career,  one of the best actors next to Chuck Norris.  But you are a close 2nd" 
@user i think i may have an obsession with Demi Lovato's laugh. Im pretty sure I do. 
"Paul Dunne is the real deal, some feeling for the lad walking up the 18th fairway to that reception leading #TheOpen #CoolnessPersonified" 
"Obama signed a law TODAY making gifts of up to $100,000 from an IRA tax-free again. If you want to give to the Foundation, call us Monday." 
I missed the 10th birthday of Avril Lavigne’s Sk8er Boi! Darn, I love that song, especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy. #Classic 
Britney: Lady Gaga's here tonight. Me: WHAT? *Watches Gaga the rest of the night *  Me: Who's concert was that ? I forgot. ;D 
Hopefully catching up with Liam and Cleo tomorrow!! 
June 13th was just declared Matt Cain Day! This shall be my new favorite holiday #PerfectCain 
The 'numeracy map' just fits into an iPhone, bringing it alive, digitally! Search the AppStore, 1st level free. 
So tomorrow is the big Apple event. What do you think we'll see, iPad Pro? An iPad Stylus? Curious to see what they bring. 
DRY by PJ Harvey is a brilliant record. I listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing. #filmmaking 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews 
Catelynn and Tyler from Teen Mom are apparently going to be at Bethany tomorrow! Looks like I'm going snooping...#dreamcometrue #highhopes 
@user my Friday night is spent watching Game Of Thrones with dad... Haha 
Great game...tremendous way to start the season. Bring it on and next Sunday Real Madrid v Barcelona. 
@user But California Gurls, Teenage Dream, Firework, E.T, Last Friday Night and Part Of Me were Number 1, Katy broke the record!! :D 
"it was year 12 character day at school today, so some guy dressed up as john cena. its monday but honESTLY the highlight of my entire week" 
Can’t wait to raid CVS tomorrow for the discounted candy. #HALLOWEEN 
I think the dude sat next to Aldo should put on a Conor McGregor face mask so we can see Jose running again. 
I'm seriously going to my 3rd but best Justin Bieber concert I want to cry thinking about it 
My cuz is currently listenin 2 Ed Sheeran at Fusion Festival from the comfort of her garden.Found my retreat if it rains when I'm there Sun 
kanye west may be the only soul i value more than my own 
#NowWatching ~ Silent House. Guess I’m in love w/ Elizabeth Olsen. Gotta find ’Martha Marcy May Marlene’. Heard that she’s really good there 
@user @user If the election were held tomorrow, I'd only vote for Bernie Sanders. 
@user best thing about thursday is Celebrity Juice =) 
So we're on the road to the 2nd biggest show of the year and RAW just ended with Cesaro standing tall with RANDY ORTON AND JOHN CENA. 
Messi takes the number 1 spot 94 rated while Ronaldo comes 2nd rated 93 in FIFA 16 interesting #fifa16 #rivalry 
Join the Moral March in Washington, DC on September 24: On September 24, Pope Francis will address Congress on... 
As part of my blog series on the #itoa for #ibmmiddleware see my 10th blog on value to IBM z Systems #itsm #bigdata 
Seen Equalizer on Monday she said she wanna see it again lol. Real talk that shit was awesome 
"I want one @user Who's wants one, CHRIS RENE Tshirts @user 18th Tmrw!" 
@user She has a new show starting tomorrow on ABC ""Malibu Country"" looks funny. I set the DVR I’m gonna check it out. #LoveHerToo" 
Tomorrow is the big day!! Happy National Ice Cream Day! #icecreamday 
Dad said he can't go to party on the patio tomorrow because he needs to be home so he can watch Sharknado. Cool. 
We could be seeing Celebrity Big Brother launch on the 23rd of August although no date has been confirmed #bbuk #cbb 
tomorrow morning 9:30am Advanced core and sculpt with Hillary!  Although it says advanced, all levels are welcome! 
@user @user barca will successfully defended the title, with the arda and aleix in January plus MSN I don't see them lose. 
REMINDER: Paul McCartney tix go on sale Monday 10am! Everything else you need to know for his #Buffalo show:  
Thank you to all of our parents& guidance staff for our annual Academic Signing Day on Thursday! I’ll post photos soon! 
Just found out I'm going to the Colts game Sunday #daymade 
@user Don't forget that VP Joe Biden may enter the 2016 Dem Presidential Race &amp; could beat her for the Nomination! 
"also, a musing: i want to dance to david bowie and the soundtrack to saturday night fever. i'd like there to be disco lights" 
"Watch Arsenal smash Hull tomorrow with Sanchez hatrick and wilshere assist, and the Sanchez- Hazard comparisons will be back!" 
@user @user great idea. BUT I’m still working on the alternate remixes for the 1st ’Jackie O’ LP. 
"Haven't played ball in a while, definitely gotta go Ice Cube on a good day tomorrow at the gym." 
Excited for tomorrow. New Batman by @user &amp; @user It's the Joker! This is gonna be wicked! 
"Nightlife in Milan, Italy: Aperitif and evening at Fiat Open Lounge - english page -  For the ones tomorrow sunda..." 
Carmelo Anthony is the 2nd best scoring in the league behing Kevin Durant 
@user katie... ha tomorrow is her last day 
Pumpkin spice flavor is already back at dunkin and I don't know how to feel because it's still august 
If @user defeats Nikki Bella at #nightofchampions, it Should be similar to how Ric Flair beat Dusty Rhodes to win his 1st title 
@user Thank youuuuuuu <3 Wanna come over tomorrow after 5 or wanna wait for me at Monroe with Grace Jurrel so we can get ~~~~~ 
"Meet J'ason B'ergkamp?   1st reply to T'rumps tweets is  always, magically, him.  FunFact: the bot is from Israel. 
Happy Sunday! Open normal hours today starting with yoga at 10:30! Grab a growler fill for tomorrow's BBQ! 
Going to get drunk and watch the badness that is Sharknado 3. This is going to be a good Sunday night. 
Serena reaches her 7th semifinals of the #USOpen in a row. Two more matches to complete the Grand Slam. 
Talladega Nights on comedy central. Might just stay in tonight. 
@user @user @user @user No wonder you think Michelle Obama may be attractive?!? 
I see Ed Sheeran tomorrow and I couldn't be happier. Best cure for the soul. 
@user are in Milan recruiting on Wed 9 Sept for hospitality - we look forward to meeting you. Info at :http://t.co/pp4ItB2lcY 
Oooh i have a date with Zayn tomorrow 
So I'll start watching the 1st season of Game of Thrones tonight. Weee :) 
Despite what some think of her Kim Kardashian shows she still has tons of power on Monday 
@user Nice one david cameron, great news that and long may it continue. #tightentheborders 
"Gah, I still can't believe I got to meet @user at Phoenix Comicon, back in may. Still excited about it!!!(: 
Actress and comedian Amy Schumer shared an intimate portrait on Monday that it will not quickly be forgotten. 
Heading up to MetLife tomorrow for the Jets game 
Need car financing? Toyota of Hollywood has you covered! 
@user CMAT, Mariah Carey is the godmother of the cruise ship I'm going on in November. 
Happy first day of school tomorrow, Bentley! #BackToSchool 
Nothing like a steak dinner then True Blood on demand with my favorite person on earth! Perfect saturday night :) 
@user Thank you. Now I just need to ace the theoretical midterm tomorrow. 
@user yeah - you're playing tomorrow - obv you aint going tho against Barbarians - then Aussies away - next home are September :) 
Have all Merry Christmas with your love ones !!! Good Health and protection. May God Bless USA and Israel. 
"New Iron Maiden album and the ""Star Wars: Aftermath"" novel both release tomorrow. It's going to be a busy Friday." 
My money is on John Cena.. And Brock Lesnar... Two of the best matches you'll get to see on Sunday!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@user I'm going to need to catch up...I only just started watching the 3rd season by accident. lol. Are the 1st 3 seasons on Netflix? 
@user Galaxy Note 5 edge with dual edge display. August 13. Mark your calendars. 
@user I wouldnt care if you sat on Prince George's head infront of Kate &amp; Wills, you'd still be one of the fittest UK celebs around" 
Dark Souls kicked my ASS tonight. Called it an early night. Sent the #Kreygasm raid over to  See ya Tomorrow &lt;3 !!! 
@user Us UK bots cannot wait for your arrival tomorrow! We love you Rita! X 
Had a good time with student teacher, Steve Emerson today at the home brew class. Next one will be June 2nd. 
Joe Biden and Debbie Wasserman Schultz gush with praise for each other - Sun Sentinel 
I guess we will be doing lots of Bear Crawling in the A.M. They will sleep better and early tomorrow night at FCA Camp! Wooo Ric Flair 
"https://t.co/GKM1rrbshD Cole and Kendrick 5 years in the making, finally in February. SchoolboyQ in the old navy sweater with the corona hah" 
Wow, tragic start from Federer in the 3rd 
"""""Yolo"""" really u gonna tell me that I am living my life it may not be how it use to be but I love my life way more being a mother #RNS" 
"14 feb 2011 - """"Happy Valentine’s Day everybody. I’m going to buy cookies and stuff myself full. -" 
The Series Finale Date of Gossip Girl Will Be December 17 - They say don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it h... 
@user I debated it 1st, but now i totally agree, followed by Poetic Justice.. 
David wright 1st game back and he goes deep 
Well kid's it's Friday. So rejoice. Another week is done. The Hell with trump I'm voting for Amy Schumer.. White house bound   @user 
You better! And we going to gay pride.  
I find it interesting that 3rd party collector's edition don't sell out. Nintendo is a different story. 
Federer Back For 16th US Open: Federer hopes his US Open first-round encounter against the Argentine goes much... 
Big Brother ends and Survivor begins on one of my best friends 21st birthday....Ima be a little late to the festivities 
@user @user @user I'd love to see y'all. Will you all be in town for SXSW in March? 
"Gym tonight dependent on how, erm... fresh, my kit is. Otherwise its a pilgrimage to Bolton first, or Saturday morning. Feeling good." 
"#BEARDOWN Wish us luck...we may need it. (@ Georgia Dome for Atlanta Falcons vs. Chicago Bears in Atlanta, GA) 
"Oh my god, Sharknado in space! This is even cooler the 2nd time! #Sharknado3" 
Whoa! Carly Fiorina had interview with Chris Matthews after 1st debate and even he was impressed... 
Got so excited because today is thursday and Grey’s Anatomy was coming on. But then @user reminded me that it’s not. #crushed 
@user well shit! I hope your back for the morning show. I need you on my drive to Cupertino on Monday! Have fun! 
The only good thing about this entire day is that notre dame was ranked 3rd to go to the national championship 
Evans: Mick Jagger, 15 Oct 12. Sir Mick Jagger calls Chris Evans with an interesting message about Rolling Stones... 
"Take it up with senior clerics @user @user @user  ""have nothing to do with Islam""" 
Attending #WIFLC with our chapter on Sunday? Please bring items for the charity event. Check @user FB for more info. #DECALove 
Mail over 'a few Google+ posts you may like'. It's alive! 
Saw the Foo Fighters at Milton Keynes. The songs started. It was summer for a day and the sun went down. We walked home on unbroken legs. 
@user happy humpday Nicki enjoy your Wednesday. Super love and miss you. Xoxo sweetpea 
THIS OFFER ENDS TOMORROW!   Get Dustin Johnson to finish in the TOP 5 at 3/1 or Jordan Spieth at 5/1 when you join: 
"Emma Stone in Miu Miu dress at Paris Fashion Week show, matching umbrella and lippie we applaud you! via @user 
Can't tell you how badly I wanna see Ed Sheeran thursday in Houston 
Paul Mccartney is coming to State College in October to perform live at the Bryce Jordan Center!!! OMFG *faints* 
Thursday is National Hot Dog day! What would you like on yours?    Give us your ideas! 
"The FIA ran the race the right way - Lauda: Niki Lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight, Sunday'... 
"JUST WATCHED SHARKNADO 3 AND HOLY SHIT THE END WITH APRIL, the giving birth in a shark is new to me.. #aprillives #sharknado3 @user 
It was good tonight we are all happy about the 3 points against Bilbao! Now we have a big game at sunday against... 
I'm man enough to admit that I proudly couldn't handle Serena's back shot. Babygirl may have the skrongest thigh/a$$ muscles in the world 
May The Fur-ce Be With You via Cute Overload - Cute Overload's Star Wars Day is next Friday the ... 
@user OH HEY! I have another reason for you! It’s NATIONAL CHOCOLATE DAY ON SUNDAY! :D 
@user can you wish me good luck for Wednesday?  I have exam #MTVStars The Vamps #VampsAlbumOutNow 
Epic weekend on the horizon Foo Fighters tomorrow and hopefully Wales finally finishing the job Sunday 
May be sick, but I'm still tuning into the Apple event thing at 10, because I want to support my babu. 
Day 3 of PSSAs (state tests for 11th grade). Test questions and sci scenarios vary greatly; shouldn't they be taking the same exam? #pssa 
"Well, my posse and I arrived safe and sound on Monday, close to noon, in Milan. The flight was great. Here's the... 
It's alright after we beat the Vikings on Sunday we'll only be a game behind the pats 
Feb 13th at the Bell Center, Bon Jovi is back in MTL. Just in time for my birthday, I’m just saying :p 
So I need someone to see Jurassic World with tomorrow.. Any takers? 
It's Bernie Sanders' bday on Tuesday...if he's getting blacked then he for sure has my vote 
Common sense isn't common among the cult members. #QadianiCult #AhmadiyyaCult May Allah guide them and keep us steadfast in Islam. Amen. 
@user the Clippers are playing the Cavaliers on Monday and are having a night to honor Israel! :) wish you were in LA STILL. 
already looking forward to getting dunkin tomorrow be going to be running on about 4 hours of sleep :-)) 
NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY is this Thursday! Bleachers Taproom is giving you two hot dogs and a pint for $6 from 1-3pm! DOGS and BASEBALL! 
"Radio just played Taylor Swift's ""Bad Blood"" followed by Kath Perry's ""Last Friday Night."" Clever girl." 
The 34-year-old was seen swooning over the blonde beauty as the couple shared a hot bath together in Celebrity Big Brother on Saturday 
"I may be playing #MGSV on a PS3, but I'm 4 hours in and still having a blast. One day I will revisit it on PS4 and truly admire the visuals." 
@user well his belief that Jurassic World is the 2nd best film of the year pretty much proved that 
@user @user Awesome Foo Fighters gig Saturday at MK, he still rocks sat on his throne but yes i would've liked him to be 100%" 
So glad I’m not going back to Woodlands tomorrow! Looking forward to Joseph Wright! 
I know this is a throw back but I loved you in Jurassic Park! @user If they do a 5th one you should be in it! 
@user  watched you in scrubs last night on comedy central Totaly love scrubs best tv show ever 
Looking forward to the nest Prizefighter on Nov 3rd at Bethnal Green - Light Middleweights turn - 2k bonus added for each KO, #incentive 
@user 1st day aftr elex &amp; Modi has got new CEA,Potatoe imports r on &amp;   But folks see conspiracy everywhere" 
Magic Mike XXL comes out on DVD in October , so someone has to buy it as a birthday present for me lol 
"My boy just peeked over my shoulder and said ""Funk Flex &amp; Hulk Hogan are trending, aren't they the same person?"" That was a good one, c'mon!" 
"I’m Like.. Why the fuck """"Happy Valentines Day"""" is trending on the 12th of June? but anyways, I just knew that it is celebrated in Brasil. Xx" 
Conor McGregor... What a true warrior and entertainer... Think he may actually be a Viking or something from the past... Exciting future 
Seth Rollins has always been the future and being  the guy to finally beat cena just solidified his legacy #1st #TitleforTitle 
Can't wait! Tomorrow Apple will be hosting its keynote announcing the new iPhone, iPad pro and Apple TV. 
@user Champs Heat, MVP LeBron, Coach of the Year Doc Rivers, Rook of the Year Damian Lillard, 6th man Ginobili, Most Improved Lamar Odom 
"Heard a great pub rumour last night """"Ireland has started printing punt and has the ability to swap back"""" Do we even have a currency press?" 
2 Foo Fighters tickets going cheap for this sat at Milton Keynes Bowl #foofighters #tickets #cheap #forsale 
Dad: what are you going to do in Athens tomorrow? Me: Nothing. Dad: Oh. Ok. Have fun.  I like my Father. 
Wow! Kris Bryant! #mlb A double Wow at Matt Harvey! Sac up! You may never be in the playoffs again #smh #cubs #Mets 
"Happy Friday! Come for Copper River Salmon. The freshest, most wonderful salmon in the world! And dessert too of... 
Hope Pj Harvey takes home the mercury tonight! Great record! 
@user lol i had it, hv to look for it again, but it is usually first week of march right before the Indian Wells event in March." 
@user can you pretty please help me with the name of the Bob Marley track Kate Tempest played on Sunday? Can't stop thinking about it! 
I have a good feeling about Saturday the money will be coming my way! @user  @user Jacob 
Happy Trails to Frank Gifford. Grew up with him calling MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL and always found him an underrated broadcaster. #RIP 
"Finished for the week now and getting ready for Congress starting tomorrow! And, happy Nurses Day to all my fab colleagues :)" 
@user wants to get away. Hope and Rafe at the station about Serena's murder. Hope gets flowers, and it's from Aiden. 6th time! 
Oracle Boat Party Aug 23. Almost the end of the summer, not many boat parties left here in NY. This will be on... 
Mahiro may be my bias for Kiryu...but Hiyori is definitely the cutest when he looks like this. -Nikki 
I don't think they'd drop the album at the Apple event, however it may explain them performing at the Apple Music event in September-A 
@user Hi Jessica--looking forward to having you do your IJNet chat on Tuesday. Hope you saw Maite's email. 
I'll be impressed if I even make it to Digi tomorrow 
I've been listening to U2's music all day. Looking forward to the show on Friday. 
@user @user well then, have fun not trick or treating. I’ll be in br doing it Wednesday, and Thursday in Zachary. BITCH. 
Still time to order your #Halloween treats! Deadline: 2PM CST TODAY (with Overnight Shipping) to arrive tomorrow! ---> 
@user When you think of wrestling 1 person comes to mind 1st and That's Hulk Hogan 
Won a ticket to see M83 tonight at the Hammerstein Ballroom! Leaving class and running to 8th ave...see you soon @user 
"It's finally here! Tomorrow sees the release of Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman, a sequel to the legendary To Kill... 
"I called it ""Ronda Vs Holly 2"" Dana white and Ronda have said Yes there will be indeed Be a 2nd fight! so there you go MMA Fans! Yay!!!" 
Tomorrow is the Big Day! Discount Prices on Botox and Juvederm! Call and make an appointment! #botox #juvederm #madison 
@user Queen. Their music just Sounds so complete. As if its been around forever. Freddy is the man and Brian May’s style is so unique. 
"Im actually excited to record AW on Ps4 tomorrow, it been a while" 
HuffingtonPost: Tomorrow Venus, Jupiter, and the moon will align for a brilliant night show 
"If Aldo vs McGregor AND Rousey vs Cyborg are both booked for UFC 194 at Cowboy Stadium, I just have to be there! 
i can listen to J. Cole's and Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday on repeat all day. 
@user Great!! My panel will take place the 20th around 10.30 am. It is about free tools with Deezer and Bandpage. 
UK vs SC game Sat at 7pm. Only on CBS College Sports. Channel 256 in the Preferred tier in Bremen&Brooks. Call 855-55-CABLE & upgrade! #fb 
Bentley with his AT LEAST 4th TD and 250+ yards on 17-18 carries. Dude is RIDICULOUS. G'ville up 35-25 in the 1st half (!!) 
Can't wait to see Amy Schumer with @user tomorrow! 
@user don't miss Jonathan Kozol, author of """"Fire in the Ashes"""" Sept 11 @user College 7pm discussing public school issues #Educators" 
Also tomorrow: Mayor Tory to celebrate National Hot Dog day. I'm told he will not be pulling a Kobayashi + doing any hotdog eating contests 
"Well at least we got Miguel, frank ocean and the weeknd  
@user I know it was the best day ever I’m soo happy! Are you going to write on your arm or hand Robsten Unbroken tomorrow?c: 
"Aaron Rodgers totally did the A.I. """"practice?"""" routine for the media today. It must be good to be a champion #Packers" 
Playing Batman tonight, @user tomorrow and NFL in a week. This is gunna be a good weekend :) 
Hey @user my birthday is this coming Thursday and I don't necessarily want an Ipod but a happy birthday would suffice haha #EGGPLANT 
May the peace of God that excels all thought be with Nigeria..AMEN..RT @user Pray for Peace in Nigeria!! 
"I do!! """"@WaterBearer131: @user @user Do you guys want to go see the new Denzel Washington movie tomorrow?""""" 
@user not restricted to PM - look what happened to the mighty Peter Garrett. Now a eunich. Happy Monday, glitter face." 
@user it's good! Drink in my hand- eric church may be about my life though.. #requestingasongviatwitter 
If you're real. Go to disneyland tomorrow 
"Starting Friday on a great note. Just saw ""Montage of Heck."" I love the fact that ""Nirvana "" was my generation. #Nirvana" 
This is basically Dean Ambrose as a cop. This may be the best thing they've ever done. 
@user This weekend we have CircoLoco but Bricky is deffo the one on a Sunday. Camden is decent too!! 
Serena beat her sister Venus in the quarter finals.She is 2 matches away to the 4th successive Grand Slam in a row #USOpen2015 
If you liked Ant-Man you may enjoy Law and the Multiverse's discussion of the whole robbery/burglary distinction.  
@user it may be awesome like the wall in Game of Thrones :) 
@user Jan, I just spoke to Joe Zellner & SMB team, they are fine. We even had two couples who went ahead with their weddings today :)." 
@user no actually i made a video for the john cena meme ill tweet it tomorrow and ill tag you iTS COMEDY GOLD I SWEAR 
@user I can't wait. I need a new phone! And since #Samsung has abandoned the UK market, I'll be ordering an iPhone this Friday 
@user Unfortunately, not yet. Wanted to go to Revenge at Paleyfest in March, but couldn't make it. Hopefully soon. So happy for you! :)" 
Wow Dustin Johnson showing some true grit after quadding number one #PGAChamp especially since his history with major Sunday's 
"Howard, Dandy and Frank Gifford talking the NFL in the Great Somewhere tonight--Monday night." 
This is some background on Angela Merkel &amp; the Palestinian girl you may have heard about.  via @user 
@user hey we're going to Disneyland tomorrow if you wanna join us! 
"Ladies and Gents, come get your pictures taken FRIDAY and SAT Nights @ the Penthouse on Livernois!! New Backdrops coming soon!!" 
Dindin at my fav restaurant with the boy. Now watching season 3 of Sons of Anarchy. Perfect way to end the night. 
"Dustin Johnson rolls to a Thursday clubhouse lead in a major, of course: Perhaps it's a good thing Dustin John... 
Thanks to Jesus, CVS, My Mom & My Mary...I was able to kick this flu in 1 week! Now to make it w/out My MaryJane until Monday! #struggles 
Today is our Little Miss Emporium Fair's 2nd birthday - she was born 2 hours before Prince George! Needless to say there will be cake. 
i move tomorrow and i still havent packed 1 thing but i dont care because michael jackson released an album when he was dead 
"Nice relaxing night in the woods, now off to Green Bay tomorrow! #GoPackGo" 
"Back to work tomorrow so off to the cinema to finally watch Ant-Man with Jackson. Heard good things, plus it's Marvel... It's gonna be mega!" 
Will someone go see Ant-man with me tomorrow? I'm dying to see it 
Monday I am writting CNN &amp; asking why they refuse to let Carly Fiorina on the main debate stage? 
Watch triscygaming with me on Twitch! Get in on this cast for some Monster Hunter! MON HUN SUN SON! 
Happy birthday Lima bean I love you baby Zayn loves you happy 22nd 
sacha baron cohen may be the funniest man on earth hahahaha 
"Tonight, September 3rd, Stop by for your chance to win:  2- Tickets to see JASON ALDEAN, September 10th, on the... 
It looks like my brother is going to see A$AP Rocky tomorrow sigh his life needs to stop being significantly better than mine 
all memes aside. I can't wait to see john cena in the title for title match this Sunday (today) at summer slam 
"The best part of living in New York is the nightlife. The 2nd best part is knowing that Jay-Z and Beyonce share the same weather as me." 
@user caz of,I'm going to go NARUTO exhibition in Osaka,sep.I'll buy gifts for you there.It's sold on new goods Osaka limited!" 
The Bulls will be the 6th or 7th seed. DRose will hopefullycome back just before the playoffs. Don't see them doing much there. 
Love Billy Crystal introducing the 1st game of the World Series. 
@user Bollo,One of the best! 16th Novemeber, that weekend everybody that went to Leeds festival is coming up to Leeds for the weekend" 
I'm wearing my Jurassic Park shirt tomorrow which means you're all going to here fun facts and you will love it. 
anyone at #UNCC want to come with me Sunday to hear Bernie Sanders speak?? 
"C'mon @user get today out the way &amp; its yours, the Maillot Jaune will stay on @user back &amp; history will b made #believeinbritain" 
I can’t wait to cruise Walgreens tomorrow for all the half-price avatars. #LOVEMEEEEEEEEE 
"Don't forget all films before 5pm are just a fiver for all!  Valid Mon - Fri only. Book now and enjoy Ant-Man,... 
@user goodnight to you too Ira. see you tomorrow. :) 
Final in Boys Basketball here at Lincoln. Splitters control the 2nd Half and beat Milan 74-61.  #SplitterPride 
If your a fan of Alice Cooper/ Johnny Depp/ Joe Perry or Paul Mccartney may i suggest you to a new super cool... 
I should be at Hype Park celebrating with @user 17th. Have a blast! x 
"Well, I beat the 1st boss of Dark Souls. Yep. I understand what people say about it being hard XD" 
Hope you all enjoyed your Labor Day weekend! Come see us this Sunday @user from 10am-4pm!#OrlandoFarmersMarket 
RT @user I went to see Kevin Hart and still can't wait to go see the movie on the 9th! 
I’m hooked on horse racing..I’ve been to the Del Mar Racetrack in San Diego..and now I wanna go to the Kentucky Derby.. 
Browns force Aaron Rodgers and the Packers to go 3&Out on 1st possession. Browns are better than the Steelers at one thing at least. 
@user No, you’ll play a cute 12th ranked team in the sugar bowl #HaveFun 
@user @user @user @user Cheers  but no luck needed with d 2nd one, i got a supply of Rohypnol #ladieshereicome 
March Fourth Marching Band is sound checking and sounds awesome. Don’t miss this show tonight. 
"But it was time for Paul Burrell to bid farewell to the Celebrity Big Brother house on Friday night, though in... 
Jay Z 'pays tribute to Michael Jackson as he joins Instagram' with touching photo, it may be his last 
"I may never become First Horse, but I tore London a new one at the Summer Olympics, and no one can ever take that away from me. #TeamUSA" 
@user I cant wait to see how you will break a Seth Rollins nose or her knee in summer slam on tomorrow only and triple h oh man 
Kasabian - Fast Fuse just came on shuffle on my iPod, definitely showing my excitement for @user on Tuesday! 
Happy 3RD day of MCGI international thanks giving to God of Israel #MCGIThanksToGOD 
Friday is best day of the week and it's a Eid for Muslims. 
George is LIVE tweeting during the premiere of Sharknado 3 tomorrow!  Join in! 
"On Thursday, Janet Jackson teased more of her return to music with a photo shoot in which she looked incredibly... 
@user if Paul Dunne wins #TheOpen2015 I think it may eclipse @user in Irish sporting achievements. 
Shawn and I are going to get to look at Beyonce tomorrow. Because i have some of the best team in the entire world. But... 
Will somebody please get Ihop or rainbow tomorrow with me 
May I tell you why it's important to vote for Bernie Sanders TO KEEP MOVING FORWARD? ~ 
Spending my Saturday night watching a Kurt Cobain documentary at a vintage theater because that screams, "hey you're a fun millennial" 
Oppenheimer's Jason Helfstein reiterated the firm's Outperform rating on Netflix $NFLX ahead of Wednesday's Apple Inc $AAPL 
@user dethklok is having a tour:) they’re coming to Chattanooga Dec 6 with Machine head. Black Dahlia Murder and ATR. I’m going :) 
Its Gucci tho....I went from sleeping under cars to buying my 2nd crib. Thanks 4 the push 
@user @user my daughter flies back from the US tomorrow am, then heading to Reading, just getting her Nokia brick phone set up! 
Next Sat’s KIDS’ CLUB film is THE LORAX with more fun ’n’ free activities before the film from 10:30am, film 11:15  
@user Congrats! :D Supernatural is my fave show and Vampire Diaries is 2nd! Eager to see you in TVD, loved you in SPN! :D &lt;3 #ishappy" 
@user @user stopping by tomorrow before the Foo Fighters at Wrigley. Jungle Boogie on my must get list! Any blueberry left? 
Many happy solar returns to Prince George of Cambridge as he turns 2 today! 
Every Thursday I go to Jesse Black in Casselberry, FL just for these girls 
. #bostonfest! We're walking around now and if we see you wearing our tshirts, one of our team may give you an Apple Watch! 
Looking forward to seeing what's going to happen in #Lesotho tomorrow...Parliament is opening...Fact&gt;governments of coalition don't work 
Counter-attack and UCLA reclaims the lead. It's 2-1 in the 25th minute. Goals galore so far. 
"NFL UPDATE- Jerricho Cotchery is in negotiations with the Pittsburgh Steelers expected to take a physical today, Ravens also interested." 
@user Two tickets to see Foo Fighters at Bowl tonight (Sunday). Face value. Leighton Buzzard or Milton Keynes area. Any interest? 
I'm sick as fuck but that's not stopping me from going to Disneyland  tomorrow 
OmegaPharma-Quickstep won Gold, with a little help from Compex! Watch out for Tony Martin (tomorrow) & Tom Boonen (Sunday). Fingers crossed! 
i had no idea august was gonna be at chris brown's concert tonight. i woulda went. 
@user #COWBOYSandALIENS Watched it last night, Cowboys & Indians (+plus Aliens too) - brilliant Western with a touch of Favreau Spice" 
Saturday night in with a curry and Celebrity Big Brother. Bank Holiday bliss. #passthenaanbread 
I like Sharknado but I don't like the April character 
hey @user thank you for Oreo thins. I'm about to eat the whole box and I'll regret it tomorrow but for right now--nirvana. god bless you 
Thank you to all the fans who stood there for hours in the rain waiting for us, you were a fantastic audience , cya tomorrow at metlife 
Mom, can I miss A1 on Thursday? If you love me you’ll say yes. #hopefultweet 
Did the Patriots just actually blitz on 3rd down.. amazing what some pressure does 
"she call me baby, I call her bae, sorry 4 the wait, Carter IV on the way! august 29th. hellllll yeahhh! (;" 
Mushu at The Hurricane wearing Tressa’s rockstar bday foam guitar after our show last Saturday. We killed it 
"Beautiful morning. Schools back tomorrow, so last swim at lovely outdoor pool in Haltwhistle before it closes for season. May go twice!" 
@user  Went to Metlife just to see @user and it was totally worth it. Seeing him again in Dutchess on the 27th. 
Did you know our Lunch&amp;Learns are now open to the public? Join us on August 31 with @user from @user 
@user lmao......hope your enjoying the sun! Love you so much :) #proudsoldier Camilla Parker Bowles lol xxx 
@user I wish you a very happy and peaceful Eid. May Allah accept your good deeds. 
"Sunday: National Ice Cream Day Tuesday: National Junk Food Day Thursday: National Hot Dog Day If the hashtags don't kill us, the food will" 
Kendrick is gonna be #1 on every year end list.. So vote for the man @user and get the 1st round upset 
# just won tickets for Janet Jackson next Tuesday from @user 
"My obsession with American horror story is real , I may be in love with tate." 
@user Good for you! I'll have a peek tomorrow. Mind you, I have an Oracle dropping by. That is most important. 
Watch our school on SBS Insight tomorrow with Peter Garrett. Naomi did us proud! @user @user #edchat 
@user So @user tells me that you promised him playoff tickets. I better see the both of you at RFK on Saturday. #DCU 
Sharknado 3 may have just slid its way into my top 5 movies 
sam smith tonight hoping tomorrow's gonna be a better day :) 
@user will be performing tomorrow!!  I just can't wait!! Are you excited too Angels? KPOP is in the house Welcome to India @user &lt;3 
That James Rodriguez goal just now may be the nicest goal Red Bull Arena has ever witnessed. What a talent. 
@user bitch u shoulda came with me Saturday sooooo much fun. Met Romeo santos lmao na i met his look a like 
Yep, so most of the free UCF shuttle; Apple Watch is cool Playing some this fine Sunday morning! 
RG-3 showed me a lot of skill 2day but, the NYG & Defense secures Eli’s 24th come from behind victory! Forcing 5 turnovers on WSH #HiHaterz 
"I'm going to sob like a child at Foo Fighters tomorrow, I can just feel it" 
Naked Hanukkah Celebration with Amy Schumer and YOU! will air on IWS Radio this Sunday at 12 Noon ET! ... 
Momma want me back home, man I want a Lexus by December! 
I truly think that Beyonce has the power to heal people bc on thurs I was deathly ill and on friday (Beyonce's bday) I woke up feeling okay 
Celebrity Big Brother's Emma Willis is casual ahead of UK vs USA CBB launch: And just a month after the 16th s... 
SO EXCITED to be passing out candy with the @user chapter of OCMEA at BooU on the 30th! Good excuse for a Disney costume! :D 
Knicks vs heats friday its going down 
Photo: Dr. Seuss has always been one of my favorite people. His work may have been surreal, but it always... 
"August 26 is National Hot Dog Day - don't worry about what's in them, just enjoy!" 
"I did my 2nd show last night on public television  in Fairfax, Va.  Thank you to MIke, Donny,Dave, Herbert and... 
@user righhttt. Well in that case we better be celebrating St. Patrick's day in Dec too. 
Black Friday - jcoleofficial: In case you missed it: Black Friday gift from Kendrick Lamar here. 
@user #DogLover Friday. My g'daughters, Jessica and Katie, with Denzel and Daisy. Love them to bits X 
I just got Calibraska and I know I may be a little late but it's amazing 
May not know Spanish but shit whenever i listen to IL Divo i just want to flash my Scarlet! 
@user @user Cute animal? We hired the clickbait to work for us directly? Are you bringing Jennifer Lawrence in tomorrow? 
Like I Can- Sam Smith cover! Check it out :) Don't forget I'm playing at the Ludington Pub Sunday! #likeican  
So pumped to be front row at the Red Sox tomorrow night w my boy @user 
@user Dunkin is the more sensible option. While it may not always be a party in your mouth, it certainly is a cheaper thrill lol" 
I have 2 Ed Sheeran tickets on sale for his concert on Thursday @ Houston. I know it's super last minute but if anyone is interested DM me. 
@user so u sat down with Sophia Grace and Rosie to tea and it was awesome! :D 
"Carlo Ancelotti: """"Isco is a very important player. Tomorrow, James Rodriguez will start - he rested Wednesday."""" #HaalMadrid" 
We've landed on the world famous Calle Ocho! Our new offices are located on 16th Avenue SW 8th Street at the... 
I can't WAIT ... for TOM BRADY to win 4 more titles in the next 15 years. THE NFL is a JOKE with Godell. 
Add to the results, Federer over Djokovic  and Lewis Hamilton, and it's not a bad Sunday at all! 
@user @user Suso was the correct decision. He went to Milan who finished 10th &amp; got 4 games. Hardly pulling up trees. 
@user Guess what? My mum said that i might be able to come to Crufts with you nxt year (March) for one day and then go shopping x 
Check out my new blog post ...ROC'N Wednesday! Inner Peace Through Dharma Yoga with Maryam - 
love how she is always with my favorites like 1st Shawn and now Niall 
Smoking a Hoya de Monterey... @user on the radio... Glass of red in hand... Loving my Sunday !! 
I reckon the match between Bolton and Man City should be good tomorrow! #footballseason 
"I want Kane. WE WANT KANE! C'mon! As the Monster Kane, btw #RAW" 
"Finally home from Florida,annoying that we lost but on 2 the next 1 as Jay-z says : ).Looking forward 2 relaxing tonight and tomorrow xx" 
YAY!!! We are front page on Will Ferrell’s Funny or Die for the 24th time! Check it out!... 
If you like old school Madonna you may like this  
"Well the cool thing with Democrats in power, DOMA is getting reviewed on the 20th." 
May or may not be addicted to the cold apple cider from Dunkin 
"Alexandra de Curtis, Rome: The Satchel - Grande &amp; Piccola :) brighten up your Friday with these beautiful bags! 
I will not be doing any Batman impersonations. but any time I type "c'mon" please imagine Will Arnett's GOB Bluth shouting it. 
Today's the 13th. You know what that means? It's Swift Day! :D Happy Swift Day lovelies! 
Attention 2017 girls! Sleep over at my house this Saturday!!! We will be watching the Katy Perry concert movie 43 times :) 
"Like yoga? This Monday is a Free Day of Yoga in Austin! Of course, if you stay at The Fairview in the Live Oak... 
It's a stretch but I'm picking Yushin Okami tomorrow. Think Anderson's athletic prime has passed and Okami's cashing in at the right time. 
I'm know I'm going to cry at Ed Sheeran's concert tomorrow. #imissmybrother 
@user Same. Knackered. I'm going into town tomorrow to watch it. Probably go Barca on the locks. Where you watching it?! 
@user As I've been on FB for many years, I have a few hundred photo albums, but only the 1st 200 appear in the IOS app. Is that right? 
2NE1 rocks Okinawa with stylish airport fashion: On 2012 October 28th, 
"Recording a new Fanboy Versus tomorrow with @user @user @user and @user Talking Fantastic Four, Ant-Man and more!" 
Lol my physics professor's 1st job out of college was working on the dinosaurs in Jurassic Park nbd 
me myles and will are all sat in Chesters bed with Chester on the floor. drinking. playing FIFA. feel like a boy 
She said she thinking abt going to the Chris brown concert Thursday. 
"Sunday night or Monday morning I leave for Virginia, I'm stoked. Also going to watch Paper Towns with my sister tonight, wish me luck" 
Quevega looks plenty short enough at 11-10 for the World Series Hurdle at Punchestown on Thursday. Would much prefer Voler La Vedette @ 3-1. 
@user You may have a few extra followers from Glasgow Scotland tonight. We all agree Max would make a better gf than the blonde girl 
Miguel Sano hit his 15th homer Wednesday off the White Sox's Carlos Rodon. #Twins 
@user play the multiplayer mode. Then pick up and play the rrmastered Uncharted 1-3 for the PS4. Release date is October 6 I think. 
Nothing like a bit of Iron Maiden to get you going on a Monday morning 
@user cool, come to Monday group, they would love it, we often do day trips out together, Fire Station, World Book Day and stuff! 
@user do it we can be out to dunkin tomorrow before practice 
@user Wow Busy! Just saw the promo on TBS for Cougar Town in Jan. You are absolutely a vision, an Angel in white! Beautiful!!!!!!! 
@user lol I been in Oz 6months now on my 4th & final stint. Love it but do miss London, prob coz I can't get 2d Emirates no more. #afc" 
Aaah, just got Silent House in the post!! :D Gonna wait to watch it until tomorrow or Sunday though! 
The good news is that December 4th I'm going to Atlanta for Digi so we all good 
A great point that. 1 closer to safety. A 3rd clean sheet under Curtis. 2 points above bottom 3. Delighted! 8 changes to the team 
A pair of tickets from the final Grateful Dead show Sunday, July 5th in Chicago. 7" x 12" offset litho with hot... 
#NowWatching The Kandi Factory, and I’m liking it so far. 
at you'll see they're also doing a David Bowie night at Los Globos January 23. My band is called Gene G. Nee. JOIN! 
"Foo fighters next monday with me mum, might have to score MD &amp; get mashed up" 
"July 23 is National Hot Dog Day, a celebration of the humble wiener. We are proud to celebrate them on this occasion! 
"Anyone's going on 29 July for ME5CALINE, IAG and FOURXBRID's performances?! If Kpop fans are going, favourite! ^^ #rpconfessions" 
If im in the club, i'll put my phone away &amp; have fun, dance like mad with justin. Unfortunately im not legal yet lol 
@user how about the sc state fair on October 16th and you perform with Shawn. That would be a dream come true tbh 
@user Haha its like Big Brother watching. Sorry we didn't see you, what a fantastic wedding saturday was though. Catch up soon." 
paul mccartney is coming to detroit and columbus in October!!! does anyone want to go with me??? @user @user @user 
He needs to walk tomorrow, flip the bat and begin strutting like Ric Flair  
Seth Rollins promo has been better than the first two hours of Monday Night #RAW 
Il Divo, the classical crossover quartet live in Istanbul September 27.Great Music in a wonderful concert area. 
First two days of EID Went best. Swimming on first day Bar-B-Q on 2Nd now on a trip to Larkana on 3Rd day :)... 
"CNN amends debate criteria, Carly Fiorina may get in: CNN on Tuesday amended its criteria for the ne... #breaking" 
@user Girl I told you lets go Thursday when it came out you want to see Jurassic park and shit. 
Started friday listening to Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana. Have a nice day y'all! 
@user On Sunday, the final chapter to the biggest lopsided rivalry is written. All hail Brock Lesnar! 
@user I see a bit of Christian in him, at 1st I wnt him for the role until I saw Matt. I loved him more wen I got 2 watch White Collar. 
its a Muslim youth. . don't  forget the  power of Muslims. . we proud  our  country. ..... 
Are you gonna be voting tomorrow?  Every answer should be a yes!! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
@user Who do you have winning this Sunday? The Undertaker or Brock Lesnar 
Can’t wait for opening night at Madison Square Garden. Will be there for the Knicks/Heat game on Friday! #fun 
"Excellent gig Friday, Pantera &amp; Iron Maiden tribute bands. Those are the times you wished you hair to head bang : ) #heavymetal" 
@user , need 2 surprise mom wid OP2 on her b day which is on sept 15, send invite pls kunal_chowatia@yahoo.com ,she s using nokia 6203 
I may not love all of nicki's music but she is queen 
Ordered pair of cardboard cutters Friday on Amazon Prime arrived at my house at 3:32 this morning. I trust the drivers are getting paid well 
i like how each Friday the announcers hype how Alabama can be beat and each Monday state how Alabama is still number one... 
"A sunny Wednesday, here in Milan, Italy. Summer is lingering. Cool nights mean you can sleep :)" 
The wait is over Twitter are you drunk?  Star Wars day is tomorrow. 
Niall on april 24th 2015 the best day he looked so good 
Pineapples & mangos for pre-breakfast, getting some work done, then heading to the Ritz Carlton for Sunday brunch :). 
Gonna watch Paper Towns for the second time on Monday 
Friday is going to be John Cena Appreciation day. Show your love for the great one by wearing jean shorts. Rt to spread awareness 
@user come and visit Gregory Gym on Saturday for the Orange vs. White scrimmage! Your fans would love to see you :-) 
@user Donny leaving Kershaw in the 6th inning in game 1. Fucken Memorable!!! 
gonna be a beautiful weekend in the south..poker run on old hickory and possibly Eric church at the new ascend amphitheater fri and sat!! 
OMG!  See you on Amazon! 
Beckham poses in adidas kit - See the fan-pleasing image that David Beckham has uploaded to his personal Instagram .. 
@user I guess if you run Android, the performance matters quite a lot ;). My wife is really happy with Moto G (3rd gen) perf vs Nexu4" 
@user hope you have a blast at @user and #Daughtry tomorrow night I am going next Saturday I cant wait Binghamton NY here I come 
The Reds are having a fireworks show to the Grateful Dead on Friday. 
Chuck Norris can tell the exact time of day to the second just by glancing at the sun. 
We can take the Big Bucket to the Million Man March. That's a million dollars. You know Biggie Smalls he gone drink two at least! 
@user  come with me, and you will see @user @user @user and David Taylor at PivoPivo tomorrow night 
Well I think Rowena Kent's new man gets the Warners thumbs up!! Lets see what your made of tomorrow night Richard... 
Some electro glam rock to get you through Monday. Apes &amp; Androids: Blood Moon 
Scott & Evelyn Swanson, both work for FEMA.  Happy to host trick-treaters tonight, Evelyn heads out tomorrow 
Maybe Iron Maiden can take the hint...we love our metal!! 
@user that's very interesting! I'll be going out on trips often between now and Xmas but I can after Nov 14 and then most Dec up to 22 
@user @user @user oh yeah sorry Chris Evans said it was Friday idiot ok happy Thursday xxx 
"John Kasich, a powder-blue Republican, perfect for the Sunday talk shows. 
"Lucky man. I got my ipad3 when they 1st came out, upgraded from an ipad1. Awesome bit of kit. Goes everywhere with me, can't live without it" 
Fuck yes Calibraska is out tomorrow  do you hear me screaming ! #CalibraskaEP 
@user I wish I could meet you for my birthday .. March 16th :) before St. Patty's day heehee . I got your birthday on my calendar <3 
Happy #Monday! Start your week off right with a #DeltaView on the World Bank’s lowered growth forecast for #China: 
I liked a @user video Jay Park Dancing Dougie with Prepix outside T.G.I.Friday's 
Yeah I'm going to Ihop tomorrow. I'll walk if it comes down to that. 
I have the pool, a PBR, and the Grateful Dead. Couldn't ask for a better first Friday off. Been two years.. 
Vasilis Girasis' webcast (usually Thursday) will be available Friday morning since it's National Women's Day (hol) in South Africa tomorrow. 
Cowboys beat giants 1st game of da nfll season n da mavs beat the lakers without dirk all is well till playoff picture is painted #blunted 
On August 13 all eyes will be on Samsung as it takes to the stage in New York City to unveil the Galaxy Note 5... 
Happy Tuesday. Your batting average is no worse than that of Jose Iglesias. Hopefully that gets you through the day. 
"Thor is ready to fight at the Stadium Arena, Sweden, Nov 28th  This 'Battle of the Norse Giants' sees the 'Game... 
"i dont know if this match is live btwn Anderson&amp;Murray, but Murray take the 3rd set...he's kinda frustrated but still...Go Andy!!! #USOpen" 
Milan are the 2nd most successful European team ever (Juventus in the Serie A only)...  Look at them today 
Backstage Interview with The Vamps!  Planet's 5th Birthday Bash in Las Vegas was unforgettable! Following a... 
"Stone Brewing is taking over Smoqued BBQ on Tuesday, January 6th! It's going to be a great night! RSVP on facebook. 
it's already thursday here soooo tomorrow I'm going to Milan with my best friends! jfdlsajfdsads 
@user I'm in Thailand laa. Hat Yai to be exact. will be going to Krabi tomorrow :) 
Super Sunday indeed. After the footy & cricket, SS4 has Buffalo-NY Jets & Houston-Denver; C4 airs NE-Baltimore; @user has Houston-Denver 
Going to First Lady Michelle Obama's Beating the Odds Summit tomorrow! #excited by cameyyboo #WhiteHouse #USA 
First Lady Michelle Obama kicked off the Special Olympics World Games in Los Angeles on Saturday, welcom... #news 
The official photo released to mark Prince George's 2nd Birthday!  Happy Birthday you gorgeous little star :*... 
Nokia n97 miniature - cause the whole range green through simply entire march: kwCauf 
More Sheamus vs Randy Orton!! Because the #WWE universe just can't get enough! #WWENetwork  
@user @user  Classic "Sun Is Shining" by Bob Marley. Tell me you can't get chill with that. Since before you were born,girl! 
Gotta remember to bring dionje candy tomorrow, lol he got mad at me today! 
David Wright sits out most of the year. Hits a home run 428 feet in 1st AB. UNREAL 
We'll be at Dunkin again on the 29th! Come on out! Or you'll surely miss out! #localmusic #Janesville 
"May Allaah protect all the Muslims wherever they are.""Ameen YaAllah" 
I'm at a Madonna drag queen night to prep for the Madonna concert tomorrow night. I don't even know what my life is anymore. 
Come say hello this Saturday at Founder's Day... Just look for the Pope! 
"Friday starred Ice Cube and Set It Off had Dr Dre in it, so this NWA: Straight Outta Compton biopic will be a walk in the park." 
Business Insider: RUMOUR: Siri may always be ready to respond to your voice on the next iPhone (AAPL): Apple t... 
Taking Johnny to Zac Brown Band on Saturday and Summerslam on Sunday makes me brother of the century. Right? 
Pampers Baby Dry Size 4 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 192 Count was the most popular selling Grocery item on Ash Wed... 
"On Monday, we went to Reginald's Tower for a thrilling storytelling session all about Thor, Loki and Norse gods! 
"Like The Bee Gees, the 2nd time around, Jesus/Emmanuel will become a word Jonathan said...Anti-Fragile  Correct ... 
Happy 15th birthday  to the greatest mobile phone of all time! Nokia 3310 
"Carly Fiorina, considered the breakout star of the early debate Thursday, spent most of her business career with AT&amp;T. @user 
Now here is where conservative Arabs and conservative Jews may come to terms.  Abortion.  The Gaza strip may solve it all by itself. 
Conor McGregor was very fortunate he was fighting Chad Mendes and not Frankie Edgar on Saturday. 
I was thrilled when Melissa McCarthy won an Emmy last night. She called me today to talk about her big win. 
We also provided Prepix and the managers with a common Korean energy drink. Hopefully it'll awaken them a little tomorrow! 
All I think about daily:  Connor ball #MTVStars The Vamps 
Happy Birthday to the one and only Josh Bradley! MWAHAHAHA! haaamaaazing! May birthday ang character ni David XD  #NanditoAko 
Hey Daryl! Great connecting at Anti #Fracking Colorado. Excited to have you in next issue. Deadline is Nov 15th. @user 
Happy Monday!  The winners of our Foo Fighters competition will be announced today! Who will be going to their... 
"Been watching 'montage of heck' and liking it a lot, love to map his march to being an artist and nirvana becoming great.." 
"Really great match this now. Anderson is going for broke on every Murray 2nd serve, and Murray is winning most rally points now. #USOpen2015" 
SNEAK PEEK: Check out the 12 Freebies you can get at CVS on Black Friday!  Link in the first comment: 
Looking forward to the #AppleEvent today. It will make for interesting 4th Quarter results w/ an upgrade to the iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV 
Thelema Thursday! Maroccan chicken tagine and the irresistible Muscat de Frontignan 
Samsung to kick serious ass with an early release of its signature Galaxy Note phablet on Aug 13. PYMNTS 
I can't wait for the @user Cinderalla Collection! I know what I'm doing on Friday (pay day)! 
Watching Nightmare Before Christmas for the first time in a long time. It holds up but I may be biased cause Danny Elfman sings the songs. 
I ain’t asking for much, just listen to atleast the 1st 3 songs & give me some feedback>>>DreamTeam (Full Mixtape) 
Lunch from my new Lil spot ...THE COTTON BOWL ....pretty good#1st#time#will be going back# 
We're at Paper Towns tonight because Thursday. I'm not sure it's not still June. Mom is excited about her peanut m&amp;ms. 
I love watching Mersey side derbys but you just know Mariner will ruined it in the 1st 10 minutes 
UFC 134 This Sunday from 11am - Anderson SILVA V Yushin OKAMI - Don't miss it. In the Sports Bar live. 
"Saturday Nov 24th FM Kirby Center in Wilkes-Barre,PA...Hope to see you there... 
I could listen to the black Friday songs Kendrick and cole dropped all day man fr 
@user  Hi:)   Thank you so much.  Happy Friday to U2:) 
Happy 27th birthday to the one and only Conor McGregor!! 
Now that's how you start off your 1st day back in a @user uniform David Wright!! Welcome back captain!! 
Amazon Prime summary: great if you order loads of stuff, Sunday delivery, home essentials with Now. Prime video is a nice bonus. 
"Story: The Houstons premieres tonight. Bobbi Kristina, who may or may NOT have gotten engaged to her brother. <- Cats outta the bag #Engaged" 
Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman on sale tomorrow. hopefully there are still copies in the nearest bookstore! 
David Beckham keeps it stylish in jean shirt and white trousers after attending Guy Ritchie's wed... #TheIrfanism 
"Sure, ANT-MAN is a cool film, but make sure you know all your movie options. ... (Vine by SATURDAY NIGHT VINE) 
May the Force (touch) be with you, Apple. Unleash that monster iPad. Come on! #AppleEvent 
Drew Peterson is #Untouchable no more! Check out these movie photos before you watch on Sun at 7/6c: 
"Looking like the Tigers are going to be lucky to #beatcleve with Verlander, let alone their exhausted bullpen tomorrow night." 
Manning will probably win the MVP. His 5th right? Unreal. 
Renner hits Ebron on the post route. TOUCHDOWN TARHEELS. PAT is good. 7-0 Tarheels. 5:49 left in 1st qtr. 
"Spotted!  Dennis Kucinich and wife on 17th and R...as it often is his hand is resting on her, how shall I say it, derrier" 
Kevin hart...state Fair...Eric church to finish off august the right way 
"It may not be a onesie but it's super soft, has a hood and the best thing about it is it's from Imelda Staunton! So... 
The Pope is coming &amp; our 1st graders are learning about his travels with Flat Francis! Mrs. Donohue you're awesome! 
The best thing I've heard all day was the fact Islam comes home tomorrow 
@user Looks clear cut for Federer though. But 3 sets may be a critical   variable when he plays against Stan or Murray 
Watching again Saturday night the beautiful #Snowpiercer I thought that I never saw Chris Evans so hot like in that movie or in #Sunshine. 
It's Friday so . . . Thank you Jimmy Fallon for hours of YouTube entertainment! 
"Leader Inter moves 4 points clear with 4-0 win at Udinese: MILAN, Dec 13: Mauro Icardi hit... via @user 
@user thats good to know P! im picking up a PS4 on monday along with Metal Gear! 
Lol Cate Blanchett may well turn out to be the next Meryl Streep. 
Patches and Bonnets receives its first award in Milan by the President of the fair! 5th day at the fair and the... 
If you remember Watson from "the reason that is always used that IBM may not be dead" 
The 1st article pointed out to me for my FB page dedicated to the announcer at Bethnal Green - hoping the 1st of many! 
@user @user @user Nick are you going to see Madonna on this tour. I'm going on September 28 in Chicago. I can't wait! 
Obama may be the President of the free world, but he's the King of dad jokes. 
I miss Nabeel and his voice and his accent and I cant wait till he calls tomorrow and and and Im blabbering 
Marty was in Nebraska yesterday giving a talk that included bullying that made the news there. Fun times learning! 
"We just found out we got accepted to race at the L.A. County Fair at Pomona Fairplex on September 8th, yippeee!!" 
[EVENT] See you on Saturday at KPOP FUN RUN!... 
I'm rewatching the Cheetos and Water part from Magic Mike XXL for the 3rd time lol 
@user needs to reshow the Jimmy McGovern drama again. It's so powerful and accurate. And now people know that it may shock people even more 
"Happy 4th to everyone! A day of fun and excitement awaits at CCCR, plus Blaze of Glory - A Tribute to Bon Jovi... 
Saudi Arabia is the 14th largest country on Earth. 
#crosbynet Yoga every Saturday at Beach Lawn Garden 10-11am. Going to carry on outdoors every weekend until defeated by the weather! :) 
"Even tho. Lakers are 0-2 i still believe they`ll be in that court on June against the Celtics, or Heat #idcwhatthehatershavetosay" 
All the latest Sheffield Wednesday news on iPhone and iPad! #SWFC 
":* :* :* RT @user ;> ;> :))) RT @user milan & bontet, 2 things that make me happy last night... ^_^" 
@user you competing in LA? I’m playing a show in LA with AR on Friday night! Come hang out! We are at """"on the rox"""" above the Roxy!" 
Happy Taco Tuesday @ Rogue Tavern! Fried Shrimp & Crawfish with Homemade Guacamole or Pulled Roasted Chicken w/... 
I want to make a shirt with Niall's tweet and wear it every Monday 
So excited to see what everyone comes up with! What to do with Thanksgiving Leftovers #Sunday... via @user 
Florida!! Get your tickets to the LoCash Cowboys show Aug 26th at Boots N Buckles.They are selling like hotcakes!! 
I can't stop listening to Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar. Everything about that song is so right! Turned a J. Cole track into one of his own 
@user prolly Sunday. I feel like this movie will be crazy. You know the Ice Cube actor is actually Ice Cube's son? 
@user Ferry Corsten at Digital tomorrow. Let’s go and rave it up. #punk #yardofcocktail #liquid 
Way to go Roger. Old man Federer just keeps rolling along. #Djokernole v. #Fed for the final tomorrow. #CincyTennis 
@user Do you have any info for Ed Sheeran's hotel?? He is playing in Frisco, Texas tomorrow night!!" 
Prince George Smiles With Prince William in the Cutest New Photo Released Ahead of 2nd Birthday #celebrities 
@user @user More good news may O and Carter can have a beer summit in the Gaza strip 
Omigod omigod omigod... the biker jacket I've had made in Hoi An is PERFECT! A few alterations to the dresses to check tomorrow. Can't wait! 
I remember buying my tickets to rowyso last year the day of my wwa concert at MetLife and now tomorrow is the concert 
"My verdict on Paper Towns: solid 8/10. Very nice, simply done. May have fallen in love with Nat Wolff's acting more than humanly possible." 
I'm so excited for the new iphone release tomorrow yas. 
@user  World is not only for Muslims,it is for everyone whatever religion and culture they may follow.So live and let live. Wisdom&amp;Truth!" 
"Sweet Jesus, I may just vote for John Kasich. #GOPDebate" 
@user literally just learned that ""otter"" was a thing on Tuesday. Gay roommate is teaching me so much." 
So Dublin won the All Ireland yesterday.. #notreally #getfucked #gaa 
Celebrate the life and music of George Harrison with a free special streaming event on 25th February. 
Wednesday is Working Women's Day at Dog Tyred and to-day we have something just for the ladies... A racegoer... 
"The Girl with the Birthday Cake on her in the """"Birthday Song"""" video.. Can somebody bring her to my house Thursday?" 
"Would love to see @user at Westfield Parramatta tomorrow, maybe you'll come by? I wish! :) &lt;3 xo #justsaying" 
#Brewers Tweets: Huge double play in the 1st. Ryan Braun with the catch and perfect toss home. #MILvsPIT #MLB 
"Kane will indeed return this Monday on #RAW. Also, Edge &amp; Christian will be on the #StoneColdPodcast!!!!!" 
"Kim Kardashian and Kanye west welcomed their son Saturday morning, and the proud parents couldn't be any more thrilled that baby West has" 
@user yeah man it was nice, went to myrtle beach for the weekend. I get back on December 7th. Everything good with you?" 
Iguana in the desert. No shade. The sun is high in the sky. He can handle it. Don’t bet against him. 
Looking forward to being at MetLife tomorrow for the #Jets Green and White practice/scrimmage 
"Frank Gifford, Dan Dierdorf and Al Michaels formed one the greatest Monday Night Football (#MNF) broadcasting teams." 
@user YESS! Spanish with Maite &gt;&gt;&gt; &amp; okay thanks! See you tomorrow xo. 
"Going to go watch the ""Paper Towns"" movie tomorrow. Excited! Have you guys seen it, yet? Is it good? I've never read the book before." 
Friday Night Lights... Cheer on Bishop McNamara at home tonight as they take on St. Ignatius! Sophomore game... 
Colts game Sunday with @user I CAN'T WAIT! 
"Copper River Salmon is here- enjoy the 1st taste of Summer, even though it's raining outside! &amp; mark your calendars for FRIDAY-ONE DAY SALE!" 
Microsoft kills some Nokia photo apps for Windows Phone - Microsoft announced Friday that it will cease developmen... 
MONDAY 10th -GEORDIE FOAM PARTY with the Geordie Shore cast @ CITY NIGHTCLUB. i sooooo hope @user will be there!! will u be there?? 
@user I have a genius idea for your face the sun video. Think giant Mariah Carey fans, color cortex and glory. Let's work on this 
Happy MINI Monday! It's National Ice Cream Day and we have all of the goodies you need to celebrate! We've got... 
Good Saturday afternoon workout... By Myself! That’s how I grind nowadays. At the playground with Aaliyah now. #GoodTimes 
Samson Odin Thor Caesar have just arrived in Brighton to assist local officers with the Pride Parade tomorrow  PS3481 
15 minutes until all of the Android fanboys goes squealing for the Apple's September 9th Event! ;) 
"SAT STAT: Tom Brady is set to make his 14th straight opening day start, the longest active streak in the league. 
Got the new PC up and running! Batman looks GLORIOUS!! We'll be casting it tomorrow! See you at 11am PST! 
"Frank Ocean's nostalgia, ULTRA is finally on @user it is going to be a good #Friday." 
whole day tomorrow eh? nahh imma go straight to sm and watch annabelle lol 
The 1st week of the 2015 #USOpen is almost up &amp; the big names of Serena, Venus, Djokovic, Murray, Federer &amp; Wawrinka are still in the draw. 
@user @user @user Are you guys aware that tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day?  The irony of it all! 
"The Boys' took care of business tonight! 23-17 over the damn viqueens. Felix, Dez, & Romo went HAM!" 
Consistently on a Thursday at the perfect midway point 6 months before St Patricks day rolls around again. #toarthur 
@user DM me your number and I’ll send you a pic of the dress I’m wearing Wednesday. It’s perfect for being the Black Dahlia.<3 
"Foo Fighters concert tonight, bachelor party tomorrow, and wedding Saturday. Best wishes, liver." 
@user RussMalone has a late shout out and thanks to the Grizzlies, plans to be at Maverik Center on Friday as usual #Gogrizz!!" 
Franzen: I will bring back the dinosaurs so I may study them. Editor: How about you watch Jurassic Park? Franzen: Okay!! #FailedFranzenPlans 
Sucks that I left Warners after they sign one of the hottest UK artists @user Can't wait to see her live in March! #lianneRocks 
Omg I'm so excited for the Colts vs. Jags game next Thursday! #NOT 
@user Saw them at Riot fest last Saturday in Chicago. Hopefully you'll have a moshtastic time like a I did! 
The youngest person at the main dining room at knollwood right now may be 85 years old. I feel like a new born 
hehhe heres the last of the Hannibal stickers im making.. ill reopen my store with all the Hannibal designs tomorrow! 
Friday is significant and more beneficial than any other day of the week for Muslims.This day Muslims gather together to pray in congregatin 
@user are you going Coldplay on tues? Also, were you aware De La Soul are playing at the colly in July! Remember you saying you liked them." 
I took my boyfriend Best virginity last night in Club Bodi...it was her 1st time goin 2 the club EVER @user HAPPY BDAY CHUM CHUM 
@user hollyoaks was amazing tonight! The 7:00 one omg glad Tegan and Freddie are alright! Can't wait for tomorrow nights:) 
If you desperately want to get your hands on a Galaxy Note 5 and are in Europe, this may be the petition for you: 
Happy Birthday Haryana.  May you get the best in times to come. 
@user @user I'm going too!! I'm so excited, did you go to Digi on June 13th?? 
@user @user Ooh - what's Jurassic Park. Looking now... see you tomorrow!! 
This may be hard to believe: I am watching Seinfeld's "The Contest" for the very first time. 
"Sunday is National Ice Cream Day, but we have the best creams minus the calories #constantcontact 
But I'm even more stoked about seeing Gary Clark Jr and Paul McCartney tomorrow 
im just excited to cry to some frank ocean on the way to school tomorrow w @user 
SAG For Life: Stacey, April, Gabriel irieapril #mrandmrscheek happy wedding day Gabe! @ North Star Ballroom 
Ok. Foul Play on PS4 is pretty crazy fun-got a 100 hit combo and a helluva adrenlaine rush out of the 1st level! 
@user so how was the unity March I see Chuck Norris was there! 
Apple's event is streaming in stereo.  May seem minor but as a audiophile, I just love and appreciate this. 
I think Sparks Fly music video will be worldwide on the 13th! Don't you think? :') 
Ant-Man tomorrow hopefully and I kind of want to give Fantastic Four a shot also . 
I need to sleep have a big day taking the Cashee tomorrow. Sike no cashee equals no life for 4 hours 
"for those who may not know, Rock Im Park streaming Metallicas set live right now..! """"One"""" just finished! -Randy! 
@user well I've got a 16th birthday trip so I was planning on using that for MetLife I can just go to the south but thank you for 
OMG! Look like it’s gonna be very hot in Gampel on Sunday... xD 
#KatyPerry, #JohnMayer, #WoodyHarrelson Celebrate Fourth of July with the Grateful Dead 
What's the best way to get audio recordings from a 3rd party app off of an iOS device? Jailbreaking isn't an option. 
(Native) America day is coming up next Thursday! @user and I are going all out. #JoinTheTribe #MySoulisNative 
"Tomorrow, I want everyone to tell me """"HAPPY BIRTHDAY LENNY"""" because I'm Lenny Kravitz" 
@user @user Wow,my Dad would have agreed w/u,his 1st CD,Mariah Carey,when listening to a new stereo he made the purchase 
Monday. So here's some Fleetwood Mac - Go Your Own Way. Have a great day :) via @user 
Serena vs. Vinci in the US Open Semis on Thursday! 
@user @user Tom Brady has 4 rings and the highest playoff win %, Big Ben has 2 rings and the 9th best playoff win %" 
My nigga @user sat down with Jay-Z's right hand man on a rooftop in the city. I'm rootin' for youngin'. Straight up! 
Bentley active on the 1st defensive drive. Good see from the LBs 
"Stoops said Towles did some good things Saturday, took care of the ball better than the previous weeks." 
I open pandora and Etta James is playing! Way to start the day off right! #motown #music #friday 
So, I may have disturbed some of the other filmgoers at MAGIC MIKE XXL when I squealed just a bit at @user scene. 
"To me, Zayn vs Neville last December was the definitive wrestling match, after tonight it's Bailey vs Sasha. High spots, false finishes.." 
I've been using Tom's Natural toothpaste and just read an article that March Against Monsanto saying that this... 
"July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day, celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog! #... 
#factsaboutme When I was born. On that day , it was the 2nd day of Chinese New Year. Immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :D 
@user Sam might come with me to the game tomorrow. He loves Vicente lol #gays 
@user ugh right I sat right back down. Woulda been so great to beat the Red Sox with a grand slam... 
"Apart from the 4th inning mastery by David Price, the best part of the game was my boi Gregg Zaun going OFF on Yordano Ventura." 
I’m supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but Sen. #Johnny Enrile’s life is interesting it’s keeping me awake 
"nice little write up in the Gazette, good job COSMOSTANZA!!! the first GrannyFest should be great fun, this Saturday 4:30-11:00!!" 
RUSHERS! DO U WANT BTR on PCAs? OCTOBER 27 TWEET/RT #BTRonPCAs! Time: 3-6 PST/6-9 EST #Time4Change Let's get BTR nominated! BTR deserves it! 
"Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch......... This Sunday, Imma make you mines. - @user to Seth Rollins, lmao that was a great promo." 
all I want to do with my life is go to Disneyland in October for the Halloween theme !! 
@user I love NZ was there in Feb have friends with vineyard which is useful!! In Nelson lovely part of NZ! 
And we out. Disney here we come. Celebrating their 5th birthday in sunny Florida with Mickey and Minnie. 
"#DailyNBA Kobe Bryant looked like his old self against the Jazz during a 119-86 loss on Thursday, making 10-of-23 from the field and ..." 
"Am telin you""""@Nerdy_Dopey: Kunle Afolayan is under-rated aswear down! October 1 is the movie to watch. #MadeOfBlack""""" 
"I may be late to this party, but Ant-Man is a great movie! Ranks among my top picks in the Marvel cinematic universe, I didn't expect that" 
Ay @user u should go 2 the UFC fight in November when @user detroys Dos Santos... Mexico vs. Brazil!. What u think? 
Shit, yeah, it’s Thursday, Russell Howards Good News and Celebrity Juice is on 
Been listening to Dom all day and then he drops a surprise mixtape. I'll listen to Frank Ocean tomorrow for u lot 
@user You should attend @user Champs this Fri/Sat/Sun: top 12 roller derby teams in the WORLD, we play Indianapolis 8pm Friday!!! 
#torchlight2 comes out tomorrow. Torchlight is in my list of best games of all time. I like it better than Diablo III. 2 promises more. 
@user I'm so excited omg. Give them to Colton :D Lol and I have cookies for you tomorrow. 
Happy birthday Stephanie Meyer!! May you have a Merry Christmas by Twilight! 
Tomorrow is #Gameday & its gonna be a good one so come out & support Covina at San Dimas for a big game in the season #LetsGetThatWin xD 
Over 300 views since Sunday for our Slave Train video thank you all for looking please have a peep Mr Chris Evans #TFI #bestunsignedband 
@user Have you seen #thefilmTruth   Outstanding performances.  Cate Blanchett may win AA for her very strong performance. 
"Chuck Norris has his own school of martial arts of which he is a 10th degree black belt called Chun Kuk Do. This is not a joke, it's fact" 
So excited for the Ducks game tomorrow. #OpeningNight 
It's a big enough anthem down at the ICC on a saturday night! #Vaccines #IfYouWanna 
Lexus built a hoverboard (and a special track to ride it on), just in time for Marty McFly's arrival on 21st... 
Prior to last night the greatest thing Austin Rivers did in my book was make Lorenzo Brown fall at the NC Pro-Am 
Brilliant brilliant brilliant. Wondering what to do for Halloween? Lensa nails it. Friday Night via @user 
the rodeo is thursday friday & saturday and im moving houses through out thursday friday and saturday. #myluck 
@user see you there Wednesday bring dunkin iced coffee 6&amp;6 
With Milan sitting in 6th -the highest they've been in almost three years - Shevchenko wants time for the coach. 
"First time listing to Red: """"Does this diva think she’s Avril Lavigne?"""" 2nd - 54th time: can’t.stop.listening." 
Thursday peeps :) Band on the Run a night of music from Paul McCartney!!! 
@user yea and the performance never drops. I'm playing side by side with my mate on PS4. So clean! good luck holding out until Friday :x 
@user Carlo Ancelotti: Of course I would sign Lionel Messi. Tomorrow we'll read this. We're just kidding."""""""" XD" 
Samsung may allow pen detach by voice or gesture on the Galaxy Note 5 .... 
Leaving Texas 4th day of July. Thank you God for inventing Al Gore so we have the technology to listen to a replay of Grateful Dead 7/3/15. 
"+ peed in a fancy bathroom, sat in GR8 seats, saw one direction, Niall n Harry loved it there, got a glow stick, a hot cop goofed off w me +" 
Ranked 2nd in the BCS! Which is pretty much first because Bama isn’t even real. Just another great day to be a Wildcat. 
& GOOD LUCK to our Lynx boys against Centre! Remember that everyone roots for the underdog - I'm feeling an upset tomorrow. :) 
"Life Groups tonight in host homes, 6:30-8:30. 7-8th @ Gaston's, 9-10th @ Curtis' and 11-12th @ Gavan's house. See you there! :)" 
my moms best friend was talking about how my mom wore nirvana t shirts and baggy jeans in the 6th grade. mmmmm stylish. 
Apple Watch is coming April 24. Watch the new ad while you wait. 
@user Happy Birthday Beyonce #Salutejayz may you have 1000 years of happiness #salute 
"1st day training Taylor Swift for her MV ""Bad Blood"". She was a sweetheart and picked up quick! 
"""""@bline803rasta: Mane I gotta see that Denzel movie tomorrow! Shit look like its gone be a good one""""ditto. Im going to try to go tomorrow" 
@user also, thanks for adding the 9th season of Supernatural and the second season of Arrow. You are gr8." 
David Price vs. Luis Severino should be pitching matchup for #BlueJays #Yankees series opener Thursday. You might want to watch. 
"We're not dead yet, just busy setting up Figments Media. We promise to have an update sometime Monday, do you want MK or Star Wars Weekends?" 
From the Mouth of God My Heart Speaks  19 July 2015 Words for Today Feelings and Watchman!!!  Thank you God for... 
Been following Naruto since I was in the 4th grade. I remember rushing to the TV Saturday night to watch it at 9 pm on Toonami. 
I would love to watch Vampire Diaries tonight :) and some Heroes! Great combination 
The Ford GT has won its 2nd VLN race at the Nordschleife, Lexus of @user is 2nd in front of Walkenhorst BMW Z4 
My excitement to see Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean tomorrow is through the roof 
"Ooh national girlfriend day on Saturday and there's a fan screening of Paper Towns, what a lucky coincidence" 
All pumped. #SummerSlam is tomorrow and Brock Lesnar is taking the Undertaker to #SuplexCity yay yay! 
"And just like that, North West is a big sister! Kim Kardashian gave birth to her second child with Kanye West Saturday morning, which" 
Need something to do tomorrow? Why not celebrate Pride with us by attending the Pride Parade. Start time is 1pm... 
"How ironic is it that on Sundae, July 19th, which apparently is National Ice Cream Day, I ordered two blizzards at DQ instead of one?" 
TICKETS FOR SALE:  for the Jets vs Falcons preseason game this Friday at MetLife. Message me if you're interested 
Lmao I ain even know Chelsea in the 3rd grade 
@user Hey Tommaso when is the release date for 0.12 on iOS? If the answer is around the 8th thats where my school starts! 
@user Moto G (3rd Gen) have all the super power that i really want in a smartphone !! #MyMotoG 
@user Huum if you’re hungry, come to Tunisia we have delicious food here! Huum Nialler always eat :o c’mon! 
@user finished watching it for the 2nd time! I got nothing but respect for you Ice Cube! 
Can't get enough of @user after the first #phillipifest conference? Catch him & Jim Rogers LIVE 1 Sep LIVE 
Spreading the word about our newest twilight market at the 4th Ave Street Fair! 
@user I’m with you on Mass Effect 3. Thats GOTY for me so far. Still waiting on my other two, but one may be Persona 4 Arena. 
#Producers Catch me in Dallas Sept 12th at the @user event.  Also at @user in #ATL for the On The Spot Beat Shopping! 
@user Haha I meant what do you think if I'm taking KL Live for my assignment :D so far xde show lagi maybe on September . 
Very amaZAYN voice to the 1st verse man ZAYN MALIK! @user xx 
Do you fancy coming on a tour of the BBC at MediaCityUK? There's availability on 15 September - 
Tom Stone has this soccer team rolling. HUGE game tomorrow against Baylor in the Big 12 Semifinals. #wreckemtech 
The day Jay-z comes to S.A I'll be the 1st person to cue  at the computicket  I love that man 
cant wait for the match tomorrow, bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids! 
Iron Maiden Trooper British Beer smashing through 10 million pint barrier just 2 yrs special limited edition Trooper 666 be available Oct 
Hopefully watching the Lorax will get my mind off tomorrow 
Sharknado triple feature tonight...Lavalantula with Police Academy star on Saturday!!!  Scyfy channel is on fire! 
So ready for my birthday. (((: the big SIXTEEN! #sweetsixteen november 22! 
"Alright, give me Seth Rollins, and give me the Dudle8y Boyz. C'mon, let's see them. #SmackDown" 
Serena Williams has won her 16th match over Venus Williams tonight. Serena attempts to reach the Grand Slam with... 
Presenting the 5th annual Eid family fun day. See me perform an lots more from 10:30-7pm 26/7/15 address TW4 5HU 
"Eager to read Go Set a Watchman. Will be out tomorrow, can't wait to get my hands on it!" 
@user @user do not know, Pink Friday has the best song Nicki: Super Bass but the pinkprint has invincible like Anaconda" 
@user well you may have noticed that Bernie Sanders doesn't slander other politicians. He's never ran a negative campaign. :) 
"Then again away to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow, so it's no all bad." 
@user Every episode of Friends is coming to Netflix on January 1st damn i want netflix heere tooo 
If I could go back in time I'd definitely do it. I'd go back to Thursday October 9 2014 at 6pm to put in Arian Foster in fantasy 
Huma and Hillary can point you in the right direction.  
Tomorrow kicks off 5$ class week! Come try out our NEW morning classes. Slow Burn Yoga with Barrett starts at 9:30 tomorrow am! 
@user @user Yes truly. Oh and Rousey really is a world class Judoka for all the comments about 3rd place. 
Top: Kurt Cobain Solo Album Given November Release Date - with the DVD release of the film 
Michelle Obama seems to have really enjoyed her theater going this weekend. She saw Kinky Boots on Saturday, and The King and I on Sunday. 
@user Naruto is great, it's just a shame about filler. If I have to see Naruto sat on a swing or obito get crushed ONE MORE TIME" 
Holy shit National hot dog day is Thursday. If you know me well enough you'll know how important this is to me rn 
@user @user the March Against Monsanto movement shows that we can kick their butts in the market place despite their control. 
@user New Batman movie is the best! #batman #movie #hollywood #chillin #saturday agree... excelent message! """"Without the rope...""""" 
Patiently waiting for a 2nd #AllStar season of Big Brother. C'monnnn! Consider it for #BB18 Please &amp; Thank you @user #BB17 @user 
who's going to Kenny and Eric Church tomorrow and wants to tailgate with @user and I? 
"Cannot wait for this Cowboys game tonight! Start it off right Romo, J. E. T. S. #SUCKSUCKSUCKSUCK" 
@user no you do not need to! Wait may be just Morocco &amp; Israel with me.. my social and linguistic skills are superb ;) 
Wakey Wakey! It's SATURDAY SHOPPING Day! Make sure to awaken your GORGEOUS eyes with Younique's 3D Fiber Lash... 
@user My friend and I worked on the deck. He got 23rd playing Coiling Oracle which I recommend. 
I'm going to the Nike employee store tomorrow and I'm so fucking excited 
Really torn on the final round tomorrow. I'd love to see Day finally get his major or for Paul Dunne to take it. Still want Spieth though 
Justin Bieber   I can't wait to see you on May 7th and get ready to see Danielle because that's your wife 
@user apologies Mistress. I thought MNF was Monday Night Football? I get a rerun of it on a Tuesday. :-) Which team is Yours? xx 
David Bowie's new 10-minute epic just released from his new album out in January. Middle bit is vintage weird Bowie. 
I Cooked Breakfast Baby ! for the 1st time in a long time ^_^ #Everything on #Point. Eggs,Grits,Sausage and Pancakes ! Aha :P #BOOM! 
@user right you are, they could end up picking sidney crosby 1st rou... wait a second, that already happened" 
October 6th can't come any faster... I will be eating a McMuffin at noon while reading the new, fully illustrated Harry Potter book. #nerd 
@user I like Scorpions, Guns, Ac/dc, I downloaded u playing Yesterday cause C'mon it's Beatles 
Kudos to the COAS and the entire military 1st by leading the troops on the ground against Boko Haram and 2ndly for... 
Jason Aldean Sunday with this beauty #sundayfunday #summernights #concertseason2015 is not over yet  #staytuned4more 
So excited to go to Philly tomorrow wifff the best people everrr @user @user @user and Roseeee :))) #lovethem 
If anyone had to take the History OGT tomorrow I'd be happy to take it for you! #bestsubject 
"The 1st day of the Premier League season is better than Christmas, Eid, Diwali &amp; Hannukah festivals combined." 
@user Terra Madre on Bachelor's Walk may fit the bill :) 
@user awesome thanks. Gina listen to the one with Hillary for like the 5th time. Luv it. 
they need to make a new Friday with Ice Cube son &amp; DCYoungFly 
5 days of rodeo in one week time :) So excited! 10th year going #CFR12 
Great weekend wrap up with Milan win yesterday #ForzaMilan ..Great 2nd Half display! 
I'm not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the Inbetweeners movie when it came out LOL :') - Georgia 
"David Wright returns to the Mets lineup tomorrow for three games. Time to get hype! Welcome back, Cap!" 
You can sell your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to Brock Lesnar..@HeymanHustle...may just be the greatest ever to pick up a mic 
Gucci down to the socks like I'm Biggie Poppa. Babbbyyyy!  
Bernie Sanders is gonna be in Atlanta for a meet &amp; greet next Friday &amp; I need a politically conscious person to go with me 
"Tomorrow is International Talk Like a Pirate Day. Drink some of this, and the heart of the fair maiden will be yours! 
Hey dad what should I wear for Jurassic Park day tomorrow? "Just put your arms in your shirt and walk around like a t-Rex" 
Holy crap I literally just now realized that it is Friday and I didn't upload the new Dark Souls video.  Great.  Great!  GREAT! 
@user Up to you~ Btw, can we celebrate Ranty, Chunji & Lay's bdae tomorrow? xD Just need to buy one cake though~ xD" 
Beyonce performance all the way onto Sunday. I saw u Sunday Keisha. Lmaaaaoooo  
Best way to start Monday Night Rollins is with Seth Rollins himself #TheBest 
Leeds - that was incredible. Eagles of Death Metal and @user stole the entire show. Time to do it all again on Sunday in Reading! 
Don't miss Carmen on the 100th episode of 90210 airing tomorrow night 8/7C on the CW Network! 
"Friday, September 4th celebrate the Iron Maiden ""The Book of Souls "" Album Release Party!  Starting at 6 PM buy a... 
Yes, Federer's attacking return is brilliant.  But yes, it's a play club players can do too, esp. off weak and predictable 2nd serves 
Looking forward to @user other movie Lavalantula this Saturday. Crossover with Sharknado? 
Dustin johnson always starts well 1st round leader 20/1 !! Must had a fat one b4 he started !! 
So I'll see you all tomorrow for some fun filled feeding in League and prolly some skull smashing in Batman! 
The Twins are practically giving away tickets for the game on September 1st vs the White Sox.  $6 for skyline view seats! 
@user It's my best friends 19th birthday today and she LOVES you! We saw you at Soundset on Sunday, show my girl @user some love" 
"""""@CoryJane1080: ALL ABOARD... 1st flight to Hong Kong then off to the UK from there.. #Tweet_Yah_Later"""" enjoy" 
@user Revenge on ABC Sunday nights is a great show, u should check it out" 
Some concept art done by the late Ralph McQuarrie. May the force be with you. 
Had a good day overall :) Can’t wait for tomorrow to see the kids dressed up and Zachary !! 
"I got 3 options on Friday   Suck it up and watch Fantastic Four  Watch Ant-Man, again   Or watch Mission Impossible:Rogue Mation" 
I wonder what alli Simpson would look like without all that make up on. C'mon she's 14 and wears all that make up. I mean it looks good.. 
"Wee movie day..war of the worlds, 2012, day after tomorrow, Independence Day, ponyo, totoro, and few more added in for good Taste" 
2012 ESPY Awards: Wednesday night (July 11) was dedicated to the athletes. The television channel ESPN hold the... 
@user @user the 1st  UltimateX  match w/ Bentley still holds up today. Despite knowing the practice the day before. 
I miss that trip to Knott's from 8th grades with my friends. Dang good times 
James Rodriguez and Falcao playing against the Canadian Men's National Team Tuesday... Should be a close game... 
"Shooting psychobilly band Nekromantix at The Hi-Fi this Friday, and I have a +1 available. If you wanna see them for free, lemme know :)" 
Kris Bryant get another home run for his second of the day and 19th of the season #beastmode 
@user @user @user  Nothing wrong with a little Iron Maiden on a Saturday night. 
"I liked a @user video John Cena attacks Dolph Ziggler after his match with Randy Orton: SmackDown, Nov. 23," 
knowing that we are going to see Zac Brown Band tomorrow is the only thing keeping me going today. #drained 
For me, Big L is the 3rd best story teller in rap. 
"Tie between ""September"" by Earth, Wind, &amp; Fire and ""How Deep Is Your Love"" by the Bee Gees  
"I have always said Kim Kardashian is a very smart businesswoman. You may dislike her for whatever reason, but she's smart, very smart." 
@user now that Google+ isn't compulsory (still is, but won't soon) then I may give it a go! 
It was such a shame that the Great Yorkshire Show was cancelled but we still really enjoyed Tuesday and can't... 
@user we're having a ball thanks. High tea booked at The Royal George tomorrow. You want to be Katy Perry? 
Oracle in lead, Softbank 2nd but looking like they have made a big gain - yes, Softbank go into the lead @user  #BringTheCupHome 
Buzzing for the game tomorrow, gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards! Bring on Aston Villa! #stfc 
@user @user @user @user Barca may have more points but Real Madrid play the better football 
RT @user Today has been an AWESOME day! One of the Google engineers posted a tutorial video from our site!  ... 
Happy 22nd Birthday to the cuddy Peyton Siva aka PEY PEY!! #FumatuBloodline #AllStar #GoLouisville 
"Wow! I just won this for free, FRIDAY starring ICE CUBE, CHRIS TUCKER, etc flixster vudu HDX u #listia" 
Watching David Letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing I’ve seen tonight. 
"Get in! Royal Blood announced supporting the Foo Fighters on the Sunday at MK Bowl, knew it was a matter of time! @user 
@user @user Got my GT! June is gonna be MarsMonth! Berlin, Rock Im Park and Rock the Beach! Can't wait to see you again" 
@user love you too bro. Be safe on the road back home so we can see Kendrick tomorrow. 
@user @user @user I'm a dumb, the missus booked a sofa at the electric tomorrow for Ant-Man. Fancy it tomorrow?" 
Thanks for advising! RT@EllenBoBellen 1st formal chapter of the yr went well. Excited to be advising Beta Chi chp at University of Denver 
"Excited to read ""Go Set a Watchman"" on Tuesday.  But can it possibly live up to ""To Kill a Mockingbird?""  Any opinions?" 
"Pharrell may have had one of the realest Gangsta Grillz mixtape, ever." 
"We saw Ant-man last Saturday - it was very good. Proves that no matter your size, you are still a super hero! 
@user LOL! Schedule for today the 3rd of August: Visit Kim Hyung Jun's Birthday Party (G.O). Don't think so! xDDD 
I just sat here and cried to frank ocean...... ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE THAT HAPPENED 
Disney tomorrow just hope this cold lets up :( 
Madonna's anti Hydrangea video inspired me to make this today. 
Beyond excited for the Apple Event tomorrow. Mostly for new Apple Watch bands as I'll be trying not to get the new iPhone. 
"Lean in close, the Briana thing is also promotion. It's going to raise the sales on Friday. You just wait and see. :)" 
Mancity strikers Aguero and Dzeko you better thrash Bolton tomorrow night! 
In case anyone asks me tomorrow no I didn't see the VMA's but yes I would vote for Kanye West because of two simple reasons 
Finally in bed. Such a long day, but so much was accomplished. Athens tomorrow!! 
Sun got the best of me at Soundset #tbt 
#NW True Blood can't wait til the new one comes on tomorrow 
Soccer Saturday! Watching Barca with my nerd right now and then going to see the Armada tonight! 
I’m totally going to ace the SAT!! #justkidding #iwish 
The Vamps will be on the cover of the next @user issue! It's coming out on Jan 2nd! 
I love the new Antonio Carluccio show on SBS. Beautiful food in gorgeous Liguria Italy. Watch it every Thurs 8.30pm. #bellissimo 
@user if you are enjoying Bloodborne you may enjoy Dark Souls too if you didn't already played it 
I'm still dying over the fact Fourth of July by Fall Out Boy was in Paper Towns omg 
@user May still be out there (Avengers).  Am looking forward to Ant-Man and heard it si totally awesome! 
RT @user @user if you see a girl shouting with all their might That's me :) see you in MEXICO CITY!! 1ST OCTOBER :) 
I wanna go see Jurassic World for the 3rd time in IMAX... 
"Next Friday, we're screening the Ice Cube classic FRIDAY. Tix just $3 #damnnnnnn" 
Good morning and welcome to another wonderful Wednesday! Thanks to Labor Day we're midway through the week... 
It's so easy to put Notre Dame in CFB Playoff talk and it's far too because they are unbeaten. But Saturday's test vs FSU is big #NDvsFSU 
Huge project due Friday and all I can make myself worry about is whether I'll get 5 stars in this fashion show on Kim Kardashian Hollywood 
Wanna watch Sharknado 3 but I've yet to see Sharknado 1 or 2! So I'll watch those 2 before I watch the 3rd movie! 
@user The 1st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship.you really did your very best and #teamunited from Nigeria loves u 
Aye we're on the 15th spot! Keep on voting Vamily!  #MTVStars The Vamps 
"Cruising through town, windows down blaring Jason Aldean with a Chey that's a perfect Sunday afternoon" 
"Canvassing for Obama with Eva Longoria tomorrow at 2: 672 willow bend rd, the meadows development in Weston Everyone is Welcome" 
The very best thing about Monday Night Raw was the Nintendo #MarioMaker commericial. We still want the games @user @user @user #WiiU 
@user Great article Mr. Rove, and as a military mbr heading out Saturday for a 1 yr tour to Korea, it's very reassuring to see these #s." 
Kendrick Lamar may arguably have the best hip hop album of the year in my opinion 
@user went to watch em against fc Gomel and sat in the KOP and the atmosphere is insane! And Wen they sang NWA I had goose bumps lol 
@user @user As woman,Islam prevents me frm raining abusive words.@abujaulani may Allah guides you to right path" 
I tried to snap the Chris Brown concert Saturday but they didn't all post. They on IG though. 
Kendrick kills it in Black Friday. 
"Since Sunday is National Ice Cream Day, we wanted to give you the scoop on some of our favorite places near our resort destinations:..." 
sooo I'll be seeing Thomas Rhett tomorrow night. Eric Church the following night 
I can't wait to go to the beach then watch sharknado tomorrow 
"Best attitude for living:   ""My Pain may be the Reason for Somebody’s Laugh, But My Laugh Must Never Be the... 
God bless Amazon Prime just ordered another for delivery tomorrow ... #andbreathe 
"As the Big Brother season is winding down, the Curling season is about to begin! The 1st ever World's Mixed Championship starts in 12 days!" 
@user Hey! if you are looking for new music you may really enjoy my bands material @user (: we sound similar to The Cab! 
"I gotta play that """"Friday"""" track by Flatbush Zombies to finish a great day." 
guy with British accent just blessed the sacrament. I think it may have been Harry Potter.... 
@user Ready to see @user  win the championship for the 16th time.  Tying the legend Ric Flair 
@user I’m singing What Makes You Beautiful for a school performance tomorrow! Wish me luck? Any advice? Follow? Lol love you, Niall 
Not bad for a Monday morning.....sitting on the train ready to go along the Harry Potter route. Yesterday we... 
quite looking forward to Blackpool Illuminations with @user next Friday. #NeverHadTheShits 
PICTURES: Eric Church performs Friday at the Great Allentown Fair @user 
"Monday nights Love Zone with Ruth includes songs from Katy B, Janet Jackson, Blue, Squeeze, Bon Jovi, Gabrielle... 
@user hi! Yeah me too ;D And yes, I’m from Poland and I’m 16. I’ll see new episode in the Friday evening. Can’t wait tomorrow ;3 
"go back in your shell, go back in your shell!" LMAO, Dora's dancing might be the new Elaine dancing on Seinfeld!   
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID briekc: Happy birthday Beyonce see you tomorrow 
I may be the most sweaty I've ever been, but Batman got the crowd going. And that's what matters. #CrusaderVictory #takethatbobcats 
Sonic is celebrating National Hot Dog Day on Wednesday with discounted dogs 
"Congratulations to Shawn she contacted me, last week on a Thursday to rent a home and one week later she's moving... 
Future &amp; Gucci all the way to Atlanta tomorrow night... 
Welcome back to the squad David Wright who is batting 4th tonight. #LetsGoMets 
Lolol that @user just pulled up to my house blasting Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow. Love this guy. 
See the legendary Paul McCartney LIVE at Air Canada Centre on Oct 17! On sale Friday at 11am. #OutThere 
Muhammad Ali came into my work tonight to eat...I think that being in the presence of a legend made this Tuesday pretty legit. 
Iron Maiden is releasing a new single tomorrow 8/14/2015.  100% jacked about that. 
Can't wait for tomorrow when some of my Liverpudlian family arrive for the bank holiday weekend! :D 
Gucci rain coat w the hood to hide my identity on this fine Monday morning 
@user haha! and nope, just know i have to go in wednesday and enrole and stuff. Do you?" 
"Todd Haynes excels again with the exquisite #Carol from Dec 4, starring Cate Blanchett 
Royals win Dad and I celebrate like the Royals clinched a WS berth since we won't be there for game 4. JGuts might be ranked as the 5th best 
"Simultaneously exhilarated and humbled prepping to teach Christians, Muslims and Jews in the Middle Ages for the 1st time; 1/2" 
"John Kasich, I may not agree with you but I now have no doubt the I respect you immensely" 
I strive to be like Wednesday Adams every day. 
why pack for moving to college tomorrow when you can watch three different trailers for Ant-man instead 
Next Tuesday night it’s Man City v Ajax on ITV followed by US Election Night that goes on till 6am. Good job I don’t have uni on Wednesday 
I think so far the MOST DESERVED award of the night goes to Melissa McCarthy 
Randy Orton vs. Sheamus to start the show. Interesting choice. Crowd may turn early? 
"Watching 'Inside Amy Schumer' for the 1st time. She's funny, sassy, smart, beautiful...&amp; sleeps with a teddy bear in one sketch. I'm hooked." 
Tennis-Tough tests from the start for Federer, Murray: NEW YORK, Aug 30 (Reuters) - Roger Federer and Andy Mur... 
Family vacation starts today! Heading off to Disneyland!!!! See you all later, I'll be back on Saturday night! XD 
Know a little bit about live TV..Chris Evans nd TFI Friday is an outstanding production. 
"Me and @user did a Popptartvision based Big Brother simulation and Kaliopi won, this proves she's queen of everything. Esma got 2nd." 
"Best shit i heard all day ESPN SC NFL - Locked-out officials may return to field soon after positive negotiations, Chris Mortensen" 
"Hear Janet Jackson's Soulful New Song, 'Unbreakable' - Fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her 11th L... 
@user I'm naming my cat champ So Sunday when I look for him I won't be able to see the wWE SUUUUUUUUUUUPPER slam champ JOHN CENA 
@user @user When I read about Angela merkel's comments I thought .sure I wont mind if she becomes 1st president of europe 
Panellist from World Bank presentating on Understanding the potential for youth and women and wat may help guarantee success #GCARD2 #C22 
Hope to see @user break out the Gucci sign Friday 
"I just liked ""Backstage with Kanye West - Saturday Night Live"" on @user 
I feel like it’s January because school just started and I am also suddenly very excited for Chinese New Year hahaha 
"is Kendrick Lamar on course to be the 1st artist to top p4k's ""song of the year"" ""music vid of the year"" and ""album of the year""? good if so" 
"Hi @user see you're in Parliament on Tues.As someone who also wnt to an ACE school,wld be gr8 to meet for coffee if you've time" 
Tonights Friday Family Movie Night is Journey 2, the Mysterious Island! Looks promising! 
Off to Swansea tonight.  Hoping for sun on the beach tomorrow #optomistic 
@user can’t wait to see you guys thursday at Gampel, it’s gonna be freakin’ awesome!! 
YG's newest darling LEE HI will make a debut on INKIGAYO this Nov 4! show love VIPS! @user 
"Iron Maiden releases a new song and currently is the 3rd trend worldwide. Looks like we're on the upswing, humanity." 
"It's Friday, Friday Gotta get down on Friday Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend -. Rebecca Black" 
@user Joe Biden is a class act when it comes to frank talk. I hope he runs. But he may not.  Excellent job as V.P. 
@user lol maybe.  I'm actually starting new music tomorrow! Starting with the John cena theme song. Just for @user ;) 
Shout out to my boy @user who fights tomorrow night on the Las Vegas #rfa card. He’s put in the work so I don’t need to wish him luck. 
New video is live! RT! Enjoy the vid guys :)  Moto G 3rd Gen 2015 Review! via @user 
Dustin Johnson might be the best Thursday/Friday golfer on the tour. If only a tournament was two days. 
"Can't wait till Thursday so ESPN can stop talking bout Tom Brady but on the flip side, he play Thursday smh" 
@user @user I finished 1st in a Bowling 101 class of 50 that included members of the Bowling team... You’re totally effed.. :D 
@user Have i mentioned i'm going to Florida on Friday? CC Final in the sun my friend.. lol 
Just sat down to watch the final episode of Hannibal, Season 3. Incredible show! 
@user you've listened good man your 1st tip is to eliminate all allys to seth rollins... J &amp; J / Kane / Triple H / Steph Mcmahon. 
#SkateNight Tonight 8pm Stardust Skate Center FREE b4 9:30pm Hosted by #SAAB its always fun when you rolling!!! haha x1 
@user @user The classic Nokia 5110. With two spare covers. My Dad gave it to me for my 21st. Major excitement! 
Omg Journey 2: the mysterious island is on DVD Monday! I love that film! 
The tour may be over, but the Grateful Dead live on. #gratefuldead #tiedye 
"Our second favorite day of the year is tomorrow, come celebrate halfway to St Patrick's Day with $1 Green Beer... 
If you haven't heard black Friday by jcole and Kendrick. Please allow your ears to have orgasms. 
As Apple goes bigger/expensive on Tablets, I had a nice chat with @user about Amazon going smaller/cheaper 
Watching honey boo boo and mama june on E News is making my recovery process just a little more enjoyable. 
@user you definitely aren't, Ant-Man was my 2nd favorite Phase 2 flick right after Winter Soldier" 
panthers are about to smack green bay sunday. Starting to look healthier out there @user 
Red bull will be the drink of choice after work tomorrow 
I want this. And yes, I'm playing on Amazon instead of reading for class tomorrow. Because my head is spinning. 
Happy Motivatonal Monday!!!  Reasons why you should join the challenge with Shawn &amp; LaTonya... 1. We are educated... 
Got a lot of work done tonight, kinda proud. Tomorrow is gonna be a good day, happy Friday. 
"hockey game against Cardigan tomorrow, bring it on." 
@user And I'm serious when I say this: this may just be the best exclusive on PS4! Well done Mr. Yoshida! Well done! 
"so the guy who just sat down beside me looks like Hulk Hogan from the waist up but has toothpick legs.. thanks for the let down, SpongeBob." 
Thank you St David for $7 parking on a home game Saturday. #aff2012 
Good luck to Gary Wilson of WGC playing in the Volvo Matchplay Competition at Bristol & Clifton GC on Thu 25 October. 
Neymar playing his last game for Barca before he signs for us on Tuesday I see #PigsMightFly 
"Gay's article shows us that whether we know it or not, education may become our entire life. So don't grow up hating it. #BBLENG101" 
Happy Monday everyone ! Have a nice day with "Stir It Up" from Bob Marley #shopinsidermorning 
Hope @user  lives it up tonight.. love you mama.. Will visit Dallas soon :)) 
Go Set a Watchman will be here tomorrow with some pants I ordered :') 
"Just started getting into GIFs and I ""interviewed"" Janet Jackson about Nipplegate. Just jokes, y'all. 
@user This is the field at TD Place as AC/DC gets ready to play on Thursday! @user 
"Oh, My, 'Celeb' Big Brother is back on Thursday.  Time for the annual game of Who The Fuck Are You?  #CBB" 
Nirvana and whiskey it's a Wednesday night get wit me 
John Kasich has sure come out of nowhere. I'd give him the W tonight. Can't wait to watch the Democratic Party's first debate in October. 
"Gotta love being Catholic, sitting in a Lutheran church on reformation Sunday. I guess the Catholics pushed it with the whole """"pay"""" for sin" 
"1st song of my day Know Better --- Frank Ocean  Not my normal shit, but it's a good song" 
16th Annual Labor Day at the Louisville Zoo has been a complete success! Lots of friends and families of Labor... 
tomorrow going to Kyiv...but won't go to school))) hoho) 
Amazon Prime Day beat Black Friday, but did they make any money? via @user #logistics #supplychain 
Cineplex is doing Tuesday prices every day until September 4, someone come with me to see Magic Mike XXL????? 
"I know you miss me all, but don't fret, I will be back! Thursday 10am CET we will take on Dark Souls once more! Looking forward to it :D" 
"If I don't go to the gym tomorrow night, I can watch SHARKNADO 2 again. It has been too long since I watched." 
Last day for ANT-MAN!  MISSION IMPOSSIBLE ROGUE NATION opens FRI!  I am so impressed with this movie!  Don't miss it! 
Well done H its good to see you score again. like to see Kane and Son team up Hint Hint! keep going 
I will be seeing Justin Bieber on my 18th birthday and I literally cannot explain the joy in my heart right now 
Guys if you have Smash Bros you may get a free game! Like Zelda or Mario or Monster Hunter 3 
@user U2, Rose. We'll talk tomorrow &amp; will whip #AutoCAD Plotting into shape. It's a joy: To know a CAD program well is to love it.;)" 
i'm glad Nicki called Miley out but tomorrow the media gone have Nicki looking like another angry black woman. smh. 
@user warm up ain't deep? Friday night lights ain't deep? Born sinner ain't deep? Come on cuz. Just say you like Kendrick more. Lol 
Feeling sick happy I don't have to take the SATs tomorrow 
"Sorry everyone, but it's not every night that you have Cate Blanchett over for dinner...  
@user Hi Cena Why would you do this Sunday,Do you want to The rock face again,Undertaker will face In WM30?? Good luck <3" 
Just got 4 tickets to see Seinfeld next Friday. Fuck with me. 
Red Sox center fielder Mookie Betts made a tremendous catch look almost routine in the fourth inning of Sunday... 
Watching Eddie Izzard Circle. Sooooo funny but I think it’s bed time. Will make Andy watch it with me tomorrow. 
Dunkin accidently giving me a large is the best thing to ever happen to me on a Monday 
"February 12th is a nice time to release it. Its the week of the Grammys too. Albums """"sell"""" that week." 
@user #AskMNW are you proud to be apart of #agentsofshield/marvel's amazing female leads (May, Skye, Simmons, Hill, Hand,Romanoff,LadySif)" 
#usopen In case you fell asleep Serena beats Venus in 3 sets,all lopsided Djokovic wins 4th set tie-break vs Lopez  Celic in 5 &amp; Vinci in 3 
@user @user (I may have been expecting John Cena but I love the song regardless.) 
May the odds be ever in your favor! Happy Halloween from the Capitol! ;) 
"I want so many people to see Shawn on Saturday and I'm legit sad, I really want them to see him" 
Free Samples from Dunkin' Donuts at the Ribbon Cutting Grand Opening in Dover Foxcroft this weekend! 
@user I have faith that tonight I may win an iPod which would mean the world to me and I would treasure it qith my life 
I really want to hang out with oomf tomorrow 
Aww it's Labor Day on the movie, that was just Monday haha 
You guys need a proven goal scorer ASAP & He fits the bill!! RT@onesimo25: Can Roman Abramovich please get us Falcao in Jan!!! @user 
@user thank you. I just finished ""Can You be Gay and a Christian"" and it was a blessing. I used it for my adult Sunday School." 
Good Morning.. Last day of the Eid vacation. Office starts from tomorrow :( 
Really hoping Kendrick's next album has at least 10 tracks where he snaps like he did on his black friday freestyle 
If anyone can do my hair and makeup for homecoming the 12th that would be Gucci. I'll pay. 
Rest day for me. Lazy sunday. Looking at the weather here in Melaka, I should just stay indoors. Hehehe :) 
@user that's alright. Keep fighting the good fight &amp; as with Charlie Hebdo, long may the real France endure. A great people." 
The intruders are coming.#TheBachelorAu is turning into Big Brother. Bring on the Friday Night Games. #BachelorAu 
@user Until you throw Undertaker vs Underfaker at it. ;) thanks for the idea, I may try it." 
"excitement for liverpool john moores next saturday, only going in search for males with Liverpudlian accents" 
"Tomorrow's starters: David Price and Mike Wright. Even with a Wright on the mound, the Price is still Right. #BlueJays" 
"U2, Foals and Chvrches all in the space of three weeks, roll on October/November!" 
Also don’t forget #YourHealthIsYour Wealth 11.14.12 that Wednesday before #TheAKAdemyAwards come do Zumba with your @user 
Saturday is National Hot Dog Day.  Celebrate accordingly with ketchup &amp; relish. 
This Sunday is Daylight Savings Time so you better not miss school the next day for missing the time setting party 
Great day for baseball. David Price kills it in his debut for the Jays and then the Braves walk off in the 12th.  Love this game!! 
Phablet designs: Nokia Lumia 1520 vs iPhone 6 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: On Saturday I got to play with t... 
Still two tickets available for Zac Brown Band on Saturday!! Let me  if you're interested 
K-Rod is just trying to set up Ryan Braun for a walk off grand slam in the 9th. He's all about making his teammates look good. #selfless 
Beautiful flat meal cooked by the lovely @user topped off nicely with half a tub of Ben and Jerrys. Diet starts tomorrow! #fatties 
"Im going to Disney World on October 3rd. So if you want to come one down, come on down !" 
How badly I miss Andy Carroll. Knowing that the derby game is tomorrow, he always played very well and scored against blue noses. 
Does anyone remember when we had to chose racers for the Iditarod thing in 6th grade? I had Zoya DeNure, along with 100 other people..loll(: 
We’re going to a Patriots game! Monday night football baby! Can’t wait! 
"Melissa McCarthy, Jane Lynch make Emmy night Chicagoriffic 
"Kris Bryant hit a career-best 467-foot home run on Sunday, the longest by a Cubs player since Anthony Rizzo's... 
"In-depth review of the spectacular @user Moto G (3rd gen), one of the best in its class! 
Aight twitter and facebook; i am going dark till after i see star wars tomorrow.  May the force be with you all!  Happy Star Wars Day!!! 
"Dustin Johnson must b the best opening 18 player at a Major ever, wonder if he'll ever manage it down the stretch on a Sunday though?#USPGA" 
On Saturday night Making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the Grammys!... 
my fav time of day is after the sun goes down but it's still kinda light out and the sky is a nice blue/purple. Twilight. 
Fishing for my 1st time ever today... Danee just fell into the dam must admit this is fun!!! #bunchofdrunks 
Excited for the 5th album and Zayn's album #MTVHottest One Direction 
After this prison experience I may want to get gay married. Wonder who will issue me my marriage license? #KimDavis 
@user @user I second you. Not nearly as deep as Dark Souls (see the 3rd link in my profile's description) 
High Line on lower west NY is gorgeous. Hope architect can do something similarly great with Olympic Park. 
"So, according to my dream on November 27th I'm going to fight John Cena at wrestlemania as the main event in New York. Lmao" 
Hopefully y'all is still doing the vote for April thingy on sharknado! #AprilDies 
"My butt cheeks hurt and I love it! Yoga, lunges and squats lol might go back for round 2 of Yoga on Thursday...the positions we did&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
Rumourz -Tribute to Fleetwood Mac, Saturday, August 29, LIVE on the Historic Palace Theatre Lockport Stage! 
Kind of sucks that I'm leaving IBM next Monday. I'll definitely miss this bunch. 5.5 months isn't that long but it definitely impacted me. 
Big day tomorrow! All sandy is gonna do is give us a half as BJ! EASTBOUND on stage at BIG FISH SHTICK 2:30pm. Then ZOMBIE BAR CRAWL! 
Bit a Fleetwood Mac on a sunny Sunday will go hand in hand with a Desperados. 
haha blocked by @user because its @user 2nd account and he backs everything Tom Segal puts up, oh the irony #stoproguetipsters 
@user Made in reality ordered from Amazon Prime - I'll have it tomorrow !!! Cant wait exciting timesxxxx 
A little old man at Dunkin donuts told me I was beautiful. With the Monday I've had...i needed that. 
Hey don’t forget our show at the Rex Theatre is Sunday! Anyone want a ticket contact us! 
no classes til Monday.....coming to myrtle beach was so worth it 
@user no shit? he looks awesome. Randy Orton in the 2nd one made me uncomfortable. 
"For BBC Sport on the rise and rise of small-town, low-budget, debt-free Eibar: See them at Camp Nou v Barca tomorrow." 
"FLYING out to HOU Monday for the Jets-Texans Pre season MNF game! """"CANT WAIT"""" #FLIGHTBOYS" 
Is that I am very excited to share on Instagram brings their app to iPad and redesigns the iWatch in November. 
Can't wait to get back to the OC in December and watch it snow at Disneyland 
If anyone wants to take me to see Jason Aldean tomorrow for my bday you'll be my bffl :-) 
"To Kill a Mockingbird may be the better-written work, but Go Set a Watchman is the more mature book 
"Frank Gifford not only had a terrific career in Football, but he was also one of the pioneers of Monday Night... 
Kim Hyung Jun gives SS501 fans much needed reassurance about the fate of the group. Read it all here!... 
"I may or may not be in love with Seth Rollins.  Even before that picture tbh.  Anyway, back to the 'football'." 
Appy Wednesday! Sleep better with Twilight. 
We’ll be at the American Women of Surrey #Christmas fair on Sunday in Cobham. Will sample pumpkin pie. See you there! 
Win a book of choice (<$15) from Book Depository! Open internationally if the Book Depository ships to your country! 
Comedy Central starts beaming into SG from tomorrow on StarHub... And I am more than mildly excited abt it #tvnirvana 
"This Friday night! Come on out and join us at Tres Amigos Bar and Grill for good food, good music, and just good... 
Imagine if Ether had dropped in the social media age. We may not have the same respect we do for Jay-z today. 
Kiss me Kiss me Amnesia Tomorrow never dies Independence day English love affair   I tag anyone who is reading this 
Did you know? Tony Romo has the best winning % of any QB in NFL history in November (minimum 15 starts). Dallas will beat the Falcons Sunday 
"""""AllenCarlanz: @user will be on Sarah G Live this Sunday. Don`t forget to watch :3. She will have her first ever duet with Sarah G. :P" 
"The Summer Olympics may be over, but there is still plenty of summer left to enjoy the warm weather. What are some of your favorite..." 
Dustin Johnson being in the lead after 1 day is like a 16 seed being up after the 1st 10 min of a game in the NCAA Tournament... 
Tonight’s the decider -- will I be at the Garden friday night for Knicks/Heat game 6? Here’s hoping for a miracle... 
@user looking better already now Curtis is sat on the bench 
As Friday shines in the heart of Muslims may you be among the ones who will receive the peace and blessings of!!!...Friday Prayers. Ameen. 
#MTVSTARS Lady Gaga  There's a little black spot on the sun today That's my soul up there It's the same old thing as yesterday 
Today for the first time I noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the Washington Monument. 
Campbell must feel like he’s won the lottery tonight. Sat in SJP, on a European night, with Krul, Coloccini, Cabaye, Ben Arfa, Ba and Shola. 
@user Take care and blessings, and tell Hyung Jun that you take care after a game, I saw him on that day very water wet" 
@user I saw you in Milan, May 9th and it was absolutely incredible" 
"An absolute BOMB by Kris Bryant, his 15th HR on the year. #Cubs up 3-2 now on the #Giants. #SFvsCHC" 
Okay wait before I go everyone listen to the version of last Friday night by Katy Perry with Missy Elliot. It's gold. Thank me later. 
White Sox take the lead on CSN! 
Just been to @user with @user for 1st time since Blake. Walked Reggie & Anna, 2 really sweet dogs. 
FIGHTER FIT CAMP TOMORROW AT 11am!!!! 1st timers are FREE!!!! Open mat JiuJitsu at noon. It's going to be a... 
Come see the David Bowie tribute show I’m in @ King King, H’wood, Nov 4 & 5 (my b’day). 6 singers/dancers, 6 pc band - killin! 
Miss WV Teen USA 1ST runner up at Miss Teen USA! Lets keep this fire burning with Morgan at Miss Am. OT! #WV 
Now going to watch Ant-man for a 2nd time and drving everybody... 
Louis inspired outfit on Monday and Zayn inspired outfit today..4/5 done just need Harry  :) 
starting the 2nd season of Being Human, lol, that was quick 
"Can't wait to hear the huge pop for Brock Lesnar tonight, despite the fact that he's facing The Undertaker this Sunday. #RAW" 
"Saturday - the Diggly dog had a fantastic walk starting at Haltwhistle, through Burn Gorge and up on to Hadrians... 
ok, about to do a @user workout while the kids are engrossed in Minecraft videos. Happy Friday! 
It's July 23rd--National Hot Dog Day! Celebrate with a hotdog--plain or garnished! #NationalHotDogDay 
May the lord bless the family of Frank Gifford. 
"I can clearly hear Foo Fighters playing the Milyon Keynes Bowl from my house. Crowds are cheering like mad, sounds great. Roll on tomorrow" 
leaving for Germany tomorrow : I keep repeating it to myself , somebody pinch me  ! 
After the disappointment of the 4Draws (an og bust it), I’ve gone for 7 away wins tomorrow (including the Mersey side derby). 
Really excited about Apple Watches collab with #Hermes - so beautiful! The new models with a new OS update - everything is available Sept 16 
This is a good video clip of Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment. 
"Carly Fiorina, as part of the Presidential Caucus Series, will be speaking at the town hall meeting this Friday,... 
@user is creeping! RT me Justin LOVE YA so excited for the concert in october MEXICO LOVES YOU<3 u inspire me 
@user may i have 'john cena' so i can use it as my center piece for my wall of john cena i will have in the near future 
Excited to sleep cause excited for Dunkin tomorrow on the drive home 
@user  Hey, Joe.  Proud Browns fan wishing you guys luck this Sunday. 
"Kris Bryant MAY have just hit a ""walk off"" home run... oh wow! Wow!!!!  #GoCubsGo 
@user ive been listening to gucci since i was in 6th grade(dont know the year) lmao &amp; ive been out of high school for 2 years ! 
@user my mother baby sat Ric Flair. #woo my brush with fame. 
@user Im from South Africa and will be leaving the States on the 5th  of Nov, really wanna see JB!!! Life would be perfect then! 
David Miliband on #BBCQT! This is going to be a wild Thursday night! 
"Ohhhhh, do I see MI:5 or Ant-Man on Friday at the cinema... Hmmmm." 
Thank so much for joining me tonight! Have an excellent weekend and I'll see you Monday! Iron Maiden ~Misty~... 
I'm actually about to try to convince my mom to let me see Justin in New York tomorrow 
@user I'd love a full Elton concert. Saw him at a Fourth of July concert in Philadelphia, so it was just six songs." 
Show up at our 2nd shop and dan is listening to Rammstein...today is going to rule #du #duhast #duhastmich 
I can feel the sun whenever you're near Every time you touch me I just melt away #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Mersey side derby then the NFL at wembley. Nice little Sunday lined up. 
18th anniv of Princess Diana's death. I still want to believe she is living on a private island away from the public. With Michael Jackson. 
@user We do too! And tomorrow it National Ice Cream Day, so you are ahead of the game!" 
"THAT moment when #SFGiants' Buster Posey celebrated his RBI single against the #STLCards -- GAME 5 tomorrow, 5:07 pm 
Tomorrow! Finally! Here are 8 money lessons from the movie Star Wars Day: 8 Financial Lessons for May the Fourth 
Hammond, Clarkson and May have signed with Amazon Prime via @user #AmazonPrime #Hammond #Clarkson #May 
"RT @user Love it when scouts be at our Practice..  I counted 4 today..  Broncos , Miami , Philly , && Tampa Bay .." 
"#boldindenver I may be biased,  but I think Toyota makes the best vehicles.  I have driven lots but for the money...  #toyotawins" 
Tickets for the France, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, Norway, and Sweden TMH tour go on sale tomorrow! Good luck! :) via @user 
@user Elimination Diet starts tomorrow don’t you mean ;) #lean #vegvegveg! 
@user Oooo, YES! I submitted UMD on Sat., UMBC on Sun., before the storm! 2 down, 4 more to go :D @user 
My newfound obsession with Fleetwood Mac is slowly approaching levels some may consider unhealthy 
the 1st dance at my wedding will actually just be a duet of Diamonds From Sierra Leone-Remix with my husband as Jay-Z and myself as Kanye. 
Damn my PS4 is on its waaaaaay &lt;3 Should arrive today but I won't be there xD hopefully I can pick it up from the post office tomorrow~~ 
We hope you're enjoying your Sunday morning at LCC. Tweet about the service using the hashtag #lcclife. 
@user hope you're doing okay pretty girl. &lt;3 Come to the party in Muskoka on Saturday at The Kee! :) 
#np Going Wrong - Armin Van Buuren ...and I will live 2day n I will love tomorrow. No matter what is said or done. Even if its going wrong. 
"Home run! Ryan Braun's 3-run blast puts the #Brewers on the board in the 9th. It's now D'Backs 8, #Brewers 3. No outs. #MILvsARI" 
Nash's and Skylynn's video tomorrow ... I'm sure that the video will make me feel better /: 
Siri knows all about #Apple's iOS event on the 9th. #GiveUsAHint 
Derby tomorrow night with my girls @user and @user Off to sleep now #night twitter < 3 
So I'm on the juke box at the flats and I decided to play "all I want for Christmas" by Mariah Carey It's August.Let's see how this one goes 
There's a Possibility I'll be Decked out in Mint Neko Tomorrow. Either with Cardigan or Parka. ;) 
Act of Valor was just as good the 2nd time watching it 
’Wont back down’ with Viola Davis or ’House at the end of the street’ with Jennifer Lawrence? Movie to see at the cinema tomorrow. 
Great new short film highlights one of the many farmers Monsanto sued 
"Vincent Jackson limited in Monday practice estimates, fantasy value just fine for Thursday 
had a great day today yay soxs beat yankees!! 
@user its the first one, with a new scenario for ios and android... it's 50% off until 8am tomorrow! 
-2 hours of excessive tweeting later- welp I'm off to watch Merlin! See you all tomorrow (: 
If you guys wanna see some snapchat stories of like Hayes and all the other peeps tomorrow at Digi go add me on snap ~ ssecrist10290 
"It's another Sunday with perfect cinema weather, so head down for INSIDE OUT and ANT-MAN #worthing  Book at 
I can't wait for Thursday night! Ya'll wanna know why? 'Cause @user going to be on #TheNext on the CW Network. Stay tuned! #KCru 
For everyone going to digi tomorrow have a amazing time and please give Nash the biggest and tightest hug ever 
Nothing like watching episodes of Seinfeld on a Sunday morning.Seen all but the humorous slant is different each time. Magic @user 
Gonna record me and Ciarans mash up of fleetwood Mac songs tomorrow ha! So bad!! But it's fun 
RandPaul: Tune in to Fox News Friday night for a special on Planned Parenthood, brought to you by ShannonBream! 
@user @user In Tel Aviv in June - on a Shabbat afternoon, Muslims, Jews, Christians... all together, enjoying the sun" 
"[http://t.co/2iAIexuu4u]  Mets' David Wright on stretch run: 'I'm going to enjoy this'  (Mon, 7 Sep 2015  
"sat in my room, listening to the room and frank ocean.... how moist am i" 
Everyone talks about eli manning  being the best in the 4th qtr. Jay cutler has the best qbr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl #GetSome #DaBears 
Sunday dining is always amazing at Volare Restaurant Chicago with friends and Family. We recommend starting your... 
I want to dress up as Thor tomorrow and wear a Syndergaard jersey. 
@user Like Chris Evans is so hot like dude you're hotter than the sun. 
Realising that its 9th sept today &amp; Apple will be announcing the new iphone at #AppleEvent today made my day!! #CantWait #Excited 
Did you know that 'Gucci' was Trending Topic on Friday 21 for 9 hours in Jackson? #trndnl 
I am just thankful it's not raining tomorrow for Foo Fighters. 
"RT @user Alexis Sanchez: ""Of course I'd like to play already on Sunday against Real Madrid. It's true I wanted to join in the US. ..." 
Three bands who could have challenged @user : 1st Jeff Beck Group, Free and Fleetwood Mac (with Peter Green). 
"My review of ""Straight Out of Compton"" If you like Ice Cube, you may like his son better. plus ""bye Felicia"" makes even more sense B +" 
Friends please Take the online pledge of Swachh Bharat for Cleaner and better tomorrow.. Help me and others to... 
"I really don't like wishing time away, but I really wish it was September 10th and I was seeing Ed Sheeran and the squad was in Florida" 
@user @user @user Valencia passed their 1st big test of the season against Atleti. Based on that can you see them 
Guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many Grammy awards and is a singer? 
At least it will make up for the SAT and the Gonzaga game 
Thank U Nokia: Yesterday Was 15th Birthday of Nokia 3310,One of the Best things that has Ever Happened in the ... 
@user I've never been, but am going to Farmington Hills on Thursday!  Deals Galore I hope, and Gail's checkbook." 
"Downloading Naruto: The Last, I'll rewatch it tomorrow before class ^////^" 
Simmons with a 67-yard TD run makes it 59-31 Eagles!!!!!!!!! His 7th of the game! 
@user Jordan Farmar who may get bought out would be better but even then only for the minimum if he would take it. 
LaZy Saturday afternoon, watching Jurassic Park (original). Sure forgot a lot of the scenes. #SeeingItWithFreshEyes 
Happy Monday &amp; Happy LEXUS BONUS!!! Congrats to the Craft family on qualifying for their FREE LEXUS!! 
I liked a @user video George Harrison - Here comes the sun (Subtitulada) 
Got email saying my copy of Deus Ex is on it's way. If it arrives tomorrow I will literally stay up all night playing it. No joke. 
If Kenny brought me some Dunkin and a panera bagel he may be in running for the real MVP @user 
@user yes, it’s doable. I was at BKK from march 1-4 at night then flew to europe on march 5 in the morning. 
Jason Aldean @user  Epic night this past Saturday at the @user Thank you Pasadena!!!!... 
@user it was right next to LAX, I sat outside and watched the planes land. Perfect. 
@user serena won her Q/final match against venus. she will play unseeded italian roberta vinci in the semis on Thursday #USOpen2015 
This time I'm with my brother who may be even more obsessed with the Jurassic Park franchise than I am. 
"""""@MUAthleticsTPP: Kickball tournament is on its way #MizzouSpirit .. the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow!" 
On the way to the Red Sox game yesterday. Had so much fun. Thanks @user for bringing me to my 3rd game now! 
"Happy Temptations day: ""It was the third of September""              The Temptations - Papa Was A Rolling Stone 
Me and @user have gone into the restaurant business&amp;will be opening an IHOP tomorrow, doors open at 7:00 D-ends eat free all night 
@user oml... Kendrick Lamar is freaking amazing.. have you heard black Friday? 
I want to go see Equalizer tomorrow 
@user @user @user @user Pic was taken on May 30th of this year. Attended a U2 gig on the same day #surreal 
Apple's yearly event is underway! What products do you expect the to release? Watch live here: 
Apple fans: today's the day to watch! #AppleEvent starts at 1pm EST. Watch it live at 
"Tomorrow is the 34th anniversary of Elvis Presley's death. I love you, rest in peace." 
July 4 is the true National Hot Dog Day but that won't stop me from celebrating today. 
Wish @user was in the 574 so we could go to IHOP tomorrow 
@user the accuracy of this is scary. although i may also be sitting in batman comics 
So in Marching Band we’re supposed to have music memorized for Saturday...I’ve had it down since band camp #whoops #overachiever #dontmindme 
"India, Iran plan to increase bilateral trade, explore new areas of cooperation at the 18th JCM 
Just watched Sunday's Big Brother @user James has the biggest balls #Wow #bigbrother @user @user @user 
Gabe Carimi called for his 2nd holding and 3rd in 2 games. But got lucky with offsetting calls. Its his first time facing DE Cliff Avril. 
@user just about to watch Iran play Czech Republic at handball in wroclaw. I may be the only one cheering Iran. 
@user It's the best. I can't wait to christen my new patio on September 26 with some coffee and RedZone on ipad. 
$1 short stacks at IHOP tomorrow. Who wants to get pancakes with me? 
#Portsmouth: Pudsey pays a visit! - IF YOU went down to Cascades on Saturday you'd be sure of a big surprise. 
Going to the U.S. Open on Thursday so I hope Serena wins tonight 
I'm so excited to spend my day tomorrow listening to Calibraska and Not An Apology 
"The sweet words of ""Rolling Stone"" by @user is just what my Friday needs. ""..that's where I'll be."" #musicforkath2015" 
@user Been watching Big Brother since Season 1 &amp; ur the 1st houseguest to follow me. Love that u take time 2 interact with ur fans. 
"Kris Bryant with another walk off home run in the 9th, even as a White Sox fan this is fun too watch.." 
Thursday I'm gonna upload footage from MetLife here it would be cool if you subscribed too okay that is all 
@user you're way ahead .. Im on Blaze of Glory ... 3rd play though lol !!!! 
Actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches, Twinkees and Keith Richards. Happy Friday! 
"I have meet-cute dreams a lot. Meet Chris Evans, figure out how to date, wake up. They're all like the first 1/3rd of a contemp romance." 
"I’m in the bathroom bumping """"Niggas In Paris"""" Crunk ass hell like it’s my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol" 
Good luck to @user tomorrow at the MAC Championship!! Do your thing buddy!! #GoBobcats #MACBaseball 
Georgetown is the move tomorrow :) 
@user @user i just got back from a trip to saudi arabia. Enjoyed a great catholic mass there last sunday. 
I’m going to ace my anatomy test tomorrow! 
Canna beat the ginger squirrel Chris Evans and TFI Friday 
Haha so people are saying the 4th of September should be declared a public holiday bc it's beyonce's birthday, batho ba ratiwa hey hehehe 
History still in the making with Serena's win over sister Venus! #GrandSlam 
Today was National Pancake Day ~ my #WordlessWednesday says it all even if it is #MickyMouse Waffles =) 
@user Morning Huda. Happy Friday.wishing everyone a great weekend. Could you play wrecking ball for Eric Church. Thanks. 
I love you too RiRi! Can’t wait for Friday! <3 
Trust me to be at work when the new DLC drops tomorrow on ME3. 
"I watched Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! today and it was really really awesome! Better than 2nd, better or on par with 1st. The Hoff on the moon!" 
Apparently Simply Kpop comes on my TV. And i watched it Sat. &amp; saw Got7's latest song &amp; it was rly cute! 
I am squeeing at the latest BioShock Infinite trailer, it may usurp the original’s place in my top 5 games ever. @user is a genius. 
Smash Project on march 8 omg just 4 days after my birthday aaah!! 
"Friday night at last! Hi, it's Chris Best with Late Night Love. Relax with some great love songs. This hour, Sam Smith, Ronan, Gabrielle." 
"I genuinely believed that De Gea would be a Real Madrid player on the 1 September. But good for us, we finally got one over Madrid  #MUFC" 
"Today isn't the first time George Osborne has written for the Guardian, his early columns make for fun reading. 
Bama maintains the longest active unbeaten streak as they march (again) to the national title. ROLL TIDE! 
Lexus : ES 300 Black with Tan interior:  $600.00 (0 Bids)End Date: Wednesday Sep-2-2015 9:15:43 PDTBuy It Now ...  
"#MoatUp 2: JANGLYBEASTFEST is happening on January 25th 2013. Hope Gazza turns up with cigars, a Showaddywaddy album and an alcove curtain." 
AMAZON. This amazing company sells anything available under the sun, including "Cloud". Absolute disruption. 
@user @user To whom it may concern I ate a bunch of cashew ice cream while watching Game of Thrones. 
Is Demba Ba Sunderlands 2nd top scorer, I believe he is. #Thunlun 
@user @user Beep beep...! Yep, Murray and Federer into the top 16. Phew! :) See you tomorrow! 
Had the chance to finally see both the Fantastic Four and Ant-Man. If I may indulge in a pun... Big things do come from small packages. 
Even Elvis is going all out for Saturday! Can’t wait! #derbyday @user @user @user @user 
Big fan of the holidays that just involve partying: St. Patrick’s, 4th of July, Halloween, Presidents Day, etc. 
Yeppers we are hooking you up all week with Zac Brown Band tickets! =)  
Christmas at Threshold - new series and lots of new elements - begins tomorrow. Hope to see you there! 
The Modern Family star and her Magic Mike XXL hunk are said to be tying the knot in November. 
"""""@AmianaTyransky: Frankie: I think I’m gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow Me: same."""" That’s my boy" 
I write a letter FOR you  At THE meet on 30 APRIL 2016 Milan :) @user @user     @user 
@user #GetShawnToBarcelona c'mon Shawn, you came to Madrid in the last tour to make a little show, do the same this time in Barcelona" 
"S. Korea welcomes chance to diversify oil supply with US, Iran crude: SEOUL Dec 23 South Korea is eager to inc... 
In honour of Conor McGregor's success in the early hours of yesterday morning, here's some Monday morning... 
Happy Birthday to My BIG Brother @user Can't wait to spend some time with you tomorrow! 
I get to see Amy Schumer live tomorrow. I'm literally the luckiest girl on planet earth 
@user since Sunday is the 20th anniversary of Jerry Garcia's death, how about some Grateful Dead bump for music? 
"Tomorrow morning, 8am at Eko Hotel, it will be another awesome time in God's Holy Presence. We look forward to seeing you all. Good night" 
R.J. and Bentley stopped by to take a photo with me at the Giles County Fair on Friday evening. 
@user Ohhhh shit sir!! Just fired up Blade II for the 1st time in awhile and was just like """"Damn, that's Norman Reedus!!"""" Boss! :)" 
Great day today with family. Now to get ready for Milan on Monday #Christmas #MerryChristmas #blessed #grateful 
What's the crazier win.....Paul dunne winning tomorrow or tom Watson in 09?  I can't lean either way. Good for the kid. 
@user May kindly undertake the exercise of upgrading Delhi Police by inducting chopper service for patrolling &amp; security etc... 
DBSK is the 1st kpop group I stan- even though the song that got me in to kpop was a Japanese Opening from my favourite anime. 
If anyone wants to go see Paul McCartney in concert with me on Oct 13 you would literally make my entire life :)))))) 
Nah. I'm not arguing about it. Listen to "Mariah Carey" right now, bruh.  
"YouTube description: 1st 2 lines are critical b/c they appear in Google search results (keep keyword at the top)" @user #INBOUND15 
@user Congratulations Rona for the 5th place in Eurosong contest. You deserve more than this<3 
New show! Interview with Ice Cube and O'Shea Jackson Jnr #StraightOuttaCompton 
"Hisashi Iwakuma worked around four walks in Saturday's win over the White Sox, allowing two runs on seven hits over 5 2/3 innings. #Mariners" 
Really tired! Great day! Going to put my feet up and watch Game Of Thrones maybe Agents Of Shield. Night! Cya tomorrow! 
"OMG.OMG. can't wait guys,it's tomorrow!Don't think about how Zayn's not there.It's his fault,not ours!Remember that. #DragMeDownMusicVideo" 
@user love the thing u done with Seth Rollins Monday yes whether he wants to admit it or not he did say he didn't need the authority 
@user enjoy the match on Sunday. I am looking forward to seeing how shit Milan are live :) lawlllllll Milano e neroazzuro!!!! 
Love Shepard Fairey’s work and in particular this portrait of Bob Dylan, the reluctant spokesman: 
BOOM! Nexus 5 (2015) LAUNCHES Sept 29 With Android Marshmallow In Tow This was Google's main USP with its Nexus... 
What?! Seoul on Jan 28th - Feb 5th. Send a request for the accommodation in the corner of Myeongdong. I wish it will go through well. 
@user - Another example of a good college player who had a great week at Senior Bowl to ease concerns about toughs & get into 1st round 
"Watched Ant-Man for the 2nd time today, and thought of 2 more reasons to see it again: to catch the Easter eggs and catalog its Britishisms." 
Got nothing going on friday night? Good cause now you do! Come on down Black Forest in Eugene. If 100 people show... 
Saw you at Riot Fest last Sunday-incredible as always-this will be my fourth time seeing you all. LOVE to you! 
@user it was on thurs :/ it was a last minute secret show at club bahia. it was so dope! Hannibal and donnell rawlings came thru 
Who is as excited as I am about @user announcement tomorrow?  I haven't had a new iPhone since the 4S - I'm ready! #blogchat 
Theo vs Evra on Saturday. Wenger make this happen. 
@user Lovely event Thursday at the Creative Alliance -- congrats! 
Someone just told me this Friday is officially Halloween time at Disneyland and I'm screaming !!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Tomorrow is the big Dark Souls race between myself and @user   Starting sometime between 9-10AM EST  Be there! 
Briana made a playlist of songs that remind her of me and the 3rd one to come on was All I want for Christmas by Mariah Carey:') 
#Apple is expected to unveil 2 iPhones, an Apple TV &amp; a larger iPad. Watch the live stream tonight at 7pm here #tech 
@user People tweet a lot about Svengoolie on Saturday. It seems a lot like that with Sharknado! 
@user Don’t worry Dear, Sarah G. Day is going to be on the TOP list until the 26th, or shouLd I say FOREVER? Hahaha.. Happy Ash Wed! 
Bernie Sanders: King of Reddit: Though he may not be leading in the polls, Bernie Sanders is winning in one ve... 
Well, I haven’t done any homework in the past hour, BUT, I do know the lyrics to #forevermore , WYA and Nandito Ako by heart now. :) 
Omg Just read naruto special comic where naruto declared as the 7th hokage. #narutohokage 
Someday I will be able to come back to Disney World without vomming. Hopefully it's in February. 
"Let the Red Sox have their fun today like the O's did Friday,  Win the next two and go into NYY in first place." 
Check out the diary room chair for Celebrity Big Brother! It's AMAZING! #CBB starts Thursday 9pm TV3 
"So.. finally saw @user in Ant-Man, I thin i may have zoned out starin at her tho cuz i remember nothing the guy said except ""yes""" 
Great Scott! Lexus reveals hoverboard, but you can't buy it: Lexus revealed on Tuesday a 30 second teaser that... 
This month is going to be amazing.  4th I see Courtney! 9th Stacy moves back!(:  17th My Birthday!!(:  Then it’s thanksgiving and no school! 
Why am I just now hearing J Cole and Kendrick tracks Black Friday... Both of them are fire 
I laughed at the end of Kendrick's black friday 
"I may not always agree with Kanye West, but that's a guy who, if he wants something, he's going to do all that he can to get it." 
"Iowa GOP poll results are here, in 3rd place Jeb Bush with 23%, in 2nd place Donald Trump with 34% and in 1st place is JOHN CENA" 
Promotions coming out Thanksgiving &amp; Black Friday r going to triple whatever business we have now. Many will go from BP to Lexus in no time! 
Come and watch the future Bees this Saturday as the Youth Team take on Leeds United at Jersey Road at 11am.  Then... 
Been rewatching 3rd Rock from the Sun on Netflix. Still funny esp the first two seasons. Have you seen it? 
I think Big Bang should tell us where they’re celebrating TOP’s birthday on Sunday so VIPs can come celebrate together with them ^^ LOL 
Lol Mr Brower Sun look like the dude barbosa who play for the Celtics 
Great Sunday Sesh at Redcliffe on the Murray today!! Beautiful weather for it. It was also Wilsons first gig to... 
What a game here between Valencia and Atleti. 3-1 at the break. Join @user and I for 2nd half on @user 
Amazing the things you can learn at Shaker's restaurant on a Saturday night! Wno knew you could drop your kids off here! 
Tomorrow is the Big Day!!!!! We celebrate UpNSmoke Woodlands one year anniversary. Grand Prize winner of the... 
"Ant-man is getting good reviews, might have to go watch it sunday night" 
@user I know! Im still in Alabama but Ill be back soon. Next thursday Ill be featured at Bakers so you gotta come through! 
Happy birthday @user May your day be filled with everything Kris Bryant and Alfonso Soriono 
we’re Sophia grace and rosie! Can’t wait to see you on Ellen tomorrow! xxx  @user @user @user 
"One day, I'll tell my kids that I was included in a CBS Local story about Sharknado tweets: 
Biden says he'll run if he has the 'emotional energy' #: Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday that the bigge... 
Eid holidays are about to complete and usual routine to begin from Wednesday! had great time meeting w/ relatives &amp; friends. stay blessed. 
Ready for the Pride Parade on Sunday? Here's the route so you can plan ahead: -#PEAKMornings 
@user loved the way the debate on Yakub's hanging was ended by you. ""We the people"" today was thought provoking 
Monday Night Raw in 1 hour John Cena returns plus Brock Lesnar and The Undertaker in the same building could go wild on USA Network 
Laying on the sofa with the fire on and watching the Edinburgh Derby will suit my Sunday just fine.. #HibsvHearts #ScottishCup 
"Can’t wait 4 Mon! @user  @user Check out Bill Carter’s piece in the @user : """"Prime-Time Stern"""" @user 
Be proud of what you do! Monday Morning Motivation: Martin Luther King Jr. #Inspiration 
Cannot wait to see @user with my boys @user and @user next Friday in Athens! 
Happy 2nd Birthday to the royal toddler Prince George!  We rounded up the most adorable pics 
today is the day we have been waiting for all summer: the day we see aaron rodgers on the field again. so excited. #packers 
@user HAPPY BIRTHDAY GORGEOUS!!!!!! May you day be more magical than the movie Magic Mike XXL. :p 
I also saw Equalizer on Tuesday and it was pretty dope. 
Kyle Allen making it happen. The injury to Murray may have been a blessing in disguise. Aggies back up 10. 
Addicted to Army Wives and I’m only on the 5th episode of the 1st season! 
Just got my 2nd pair of Adidas. The new designer been killing Adidas since he left Nike. 
Remembering that time I said "may the force be with you" to Buzz Lightyear at Disneyland ... #toinfinitiandbeyond 
@user   SCOTUS never made law they interpreted it. 14th A guarantees equal rights for all Americans 
You know you're having a good time when you play Nirvana full blast in the office after hours and dance like there's no tomorrow. #mflpogo 
66' GOAL!!! #Argentina  Messi with a header makes it the 5th of the game  #Argentina 5-0 #Bolivia 
I may have just encountered a real life Samurai at IHOP. How's your day going? 
#nw B2ST’s 3rd anniversary live stream with subs yay~ 
"Getting around to listening to the new and amazing Iron Maiden album, The Book of Souls. Takes me back, way back to when I 1st got into them" 
BOOM! Another strikeout for David Price! #BlueJays up 3-0 heading to the BTM of the 4th! #GoJaysGo 
#Sale Mary Green Silk Just Married Boyshort Reviews: Here is the one of best product may you have Mary ... #Fashion 
New Orleans Saints defensive end Martez Wilson's helmet Sunday night during the Broncos' 34-14 victory. 
See you at Bentley's saloon on Thursday August 27th from 7pm to 11pm 
"Apparently, ARTPOP is said to be released on March 8th, which turns out to be International Women's day! GET READY!" 
@user You too lovely! I was like a big kid. See you tomorrow for X Factor fun x 
"Hyped to watch Straight Outta Compton on Friday, do you think they'll cover Ice Cube's family movie phase" 
Night everyone. We will be in Beverly Hills most of the day tomorrow and then Disneyland tomorrow night. Love y'all! 
What time is it? @user Thurs at 8PM! Improv favorite Comedy Central’s Bob Biggerstaff! $5 with promo code: CHILI 
"ONE FC 6: Rise of Kings is scheduled to blow the roof off of the Singapore Indoor Stadium on Saturday, October 6." 
Huge congrats to CBC former student Tim Glencross whose debut novel Barbarians has now just sold in Germany. UK is 4th Estate! 
This chick bid on the 1st showcase (bunch of Apple products). Rookie mistake. 2d showcase was a trip, a TV and a car. Her face was hilarious 
Hacked by Keelan's girlfriend &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  Just kidding I just beat Dark Souls 2 for the 10th time I have my priorities straight. 
Baron Corbin might actually have the 2nd best job in the world next to Brock Lesnar   Arrive Squash/Get Paid Leave Repeat 
"5 Takeaways From 'Civil War' Trailer: Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans stopped by ""Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Tuesday night to make a ""bi..." 
Looking for something to do this weekend in CNY? Here are the best bets: Thursday: Rapper Wiz Khalifa will headl... 
sam smith on 2nd ave! waaaaa how can you sing like its just bahay kubo megesh 
Billy Cundiff may be leaving Washington.  Hopefully he won’t miss the door on the way out. 
@user i'm going to try to wake up for Yoga on the Beach tomorrow ^^ It's later on Sundays so I might actually make it... 
Do you know what tomorrow is??? It's NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY!! What JCI dog are you coming to enjoy with us tomorrow?? 
first tweet ever, loving san diego! Busy day like always and ready for @user on Fuel TV tomorrow. 
Sunday November 11 join me in St Petersburg for the Faerie and Earth Festival. I will be painting live all day.... 
@user that would be Jason Varitek. Pick me as I would love to go to the game Sunday. 
Magic Mike XXL may be my favorite movie of the summer. I was smiling and laughing the entire time. 
@user  this is YouGov tomorrow they could have the LibDems on 41%... but seeing the right weep into their Horlicks makes me smile:) 
Wish Maddie luck next saturday, she has a solo audition for Britain’s Got Talent! :) ~ Ellie xxxxx 
Hustle cause you got to then kick back n party everyday like its Fri 
We're still on the 16th spot. We can do this!  #MTVStars The Vamps 
Very interested in going to see Jason Aldean in September at DTE 
@user can’t wait for your tour so exited!!!! Il see u on Monday i hope :/ remember me Camilla Parker Bowles lol love you so much! Xxxx 
@user @user i think it's impossible. Juventus has just sold Llorente, so Zaza is needed as 4th or 5th striker on the bench. 
Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 will be released this Thursday. Here are the top 5 changes to expect. 
Sebastian's going to be hanging out with Shawn in October.. They better take lots of pictures together 
"In 2015 Forbes ranked Nestle as the 30th largest public company in the world, ahead of Google, BP, IBM, and... 
@user See you guys on the 6th of October in Bathurst along with Stan Walker. Can’t wait!!! :D 
Would love to know the truth about Amanda Knox. 
"Okay that's pretty cool of you, Justin Bieber. 
I can not wait to be at the game on Sunday with my boy @user Eli vs Big Ben 
@user It's good otherwise I wouldnt have come back! It's ok though, I'm off to the Chateau Marmont for dinner again tomorrow." 
@user fine! let's get Grateful Dead and Tame Impala on the 4th day too they're both holograms tho 
Claytons practice chat sessions 7pm Fri & Sat THIS weekend in @user Forums NEW chat room. Very relaxed. Join us! (if you're a Claytoneer) 
Everyday is Friday when you're Ice Cube's highlight reel. 
trying to finish reading Paper Towns so that i can go see the movie tomorrow! 
Going to knott's scary farm on the 18th for BSU. YALL SHOULD COME!!!!! 
Community returns this Thursday night at 8 on NBC. I saw it at Paleyfest but I'm watching it again! #anniesboobs 
Listen. I have Ice Cube my money the 1st time. Cyss gon watch bootlegs till I die my nigga. 
"Featuring the best headers, volleys, long-rangers and team efforts from Real Madrid, FC United of 
"See what Max Hastings was trying2say with 'Boris Bikes' comment, just wish he'd said 'Cycle Super Highways' instead! 
July 23 was National Hot Dog Day.  I'm all for celebrating but is this taking it too far? 
@user Going out tomorrow morning, it supposed to be sunny and cold, I will take that. Kirk is all good for Leam XC he emailed me. 
@user i want to see all the new Harry Potter attractions; gringotts, hogwarts express. May not get down there for a while. 
"Kendrick is reinventing the rap industry, he may be not winning as much as other rappers, but shit that music is fucking worth it. TPAB" 
@user Thanks for sharing this course Gary. :) You may want to check out this blogpost on Amazon ML as well: 
So happy to see that Royal Blood are now supporting the Foo Fighters at Milton Keynes on 5 September .. As well... 
"Thursday fun for just a few PENNIES on April 12 with Reflex Rex, Alice D & more + Smoking Toddlers & Wednesday The Rat! 
@user thursday:D and well it's that winter wonderland at hype park (google it) it looks fab! 
"Excited for a day off tomorrow to celebrate and enjoy the San Diego County Fair! What's more 'Merican than a county fair, and fried butter?" 
@user @user I might but I'm gonna wait a bit to see if they patch it. You coming sat? 
Prince George's latest outing at the beach may be his cutest one yet! 
My 2nd time seeing @user was wen me Kiaya n Chante went to the DC Star we stood in line @ 330pm n they open the club doors at 12am lol 
6 minutes from first Saturday broadcast of the season.  Mary Jo Heath and Ira Siff ready to go!  @user 
Brothers film premiere tonight, Sunderland away saturday and Jon Richardson sunday - should be a good few days! 
Rise up this mornin'. Smile with risin' sun - Bob Marley! Happy Friday everyone. Today we have mint chocolate... 
"New HQs! Chanel Iman arrives at the 2012 ESPY Awards, LA, July 11 2012 
@user yeah alls good, Im back in college, just finishing off my degree in CIT, so Ill be all done in May., then job time :)" 
Not only is @user home from China, she’s in LA...I called her and screamed Mandyyyyyyyyyyyyy...I’m gonna hug her for 2 hrs tomorrow! 
@user Coming up, song requests for The Vamps, Sam Concepcion, Darren, JK, Jason and Lyca, it's a Monday and the votes are tight!" 
Juventus on Tuesday, Come one the boys!! #mcfc 
@user the Zac Brown Band is coming to SoCal in October! If you know who they are ahaa 
And so ends Thursday Happy Hour with Brian Kelly. 
Tomorrow is National Hot Dog day! Be sure to vote for Sahlens for @user customer choice awards: 
"Another local Derby saturday, We travel the short trip to Welbeck for a 3 pm kick off   #Uptheceltic" 
Happy Halloween from the sun, moon, astronaut and Star (well, so she was wearing a Star Wars shirt.) 
"Fell in love with Chris Evans, wanna download all of his movies tomorrow." 
Happy Halloween!! Starting this wicked Wednesday off listening to Pink Floyd and Leonard Cohen. Get to take my boys out tonight! Yay!! 
Dook tomorrow and on the 27th... The game we’ve all been waiting for... NC State 
@user And Christmas, good luck changing it! Other federal holidays include: Martin Luther King, Jr Day in January 
Last night we were named NZ's 27th fastest growing co. in the Deloitte Fast 50. Our 2nd year making the list and we are totally thrilled! 
@user Thank you and improud of you to gettin that OGT done.! and im gone come in December.! We still  making that trip to church!? 
Don't miss Shreya Ghoshal live in concert in Guyana- Sunday October 14th at the National Stadium #Shreya Ghoshal 
@user  my first day of work after 2 months  of holidays starts tomorrow. I'm ok as long as i can see u2 
"Thanking all my lucky stars. (no Madonna) ""With the sun in the mornin’ & the moon in the evenin’ I’m alright.""" 
"Janet Jackson on the 15th, then Ed Sheeran on the 20th. When there is good music, HC is all smiles." 
I won the 2nd Star in my McLaren 12C GT3 SE in #CSRRacing #RaceYourFriends. Download FREE! 
Its a fresh start for the Super Eagles of Nigeria when they take on Tanzania....in 3 hrs!  SUNDAY OLISEH ERA 
Saturday Night Fever - John Travolta - Bee Gees Me at the Mall... 
Going to the Knicks Vs. Heat game tomorrow. #HYPE last time i went to a basketball game was when i was 9. 
Another tough win for us today! Never been in the semi's in BNP Paribas Open! Next match on Thursday :-) 
"Ice Cube ""Bye Felicia"" on #StraightOuttaCompton was waayy funnier then when he said it on Friday" 
Think I may have fallen in love with @user only 30 minutes into Sharknado 1 ha. 
@user can you play some Iron Maiden for me while I'm stuck at work on a Saturday night! 
Angela Merkel: Europe as a whole must help with refugees - video  (via @user #World #News) 
"wohooo! RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK" 
Nike's Phil Knight may give another training facility to the University of Oregon: 
1st day of spring gardening - Apple Watch was super handy - nose based navigation ftw 
Saudi Arabia said on Sunday that at least two women were elected to public office in the conservative Islamic kingdom after winning seats 
"If Milan beat Samp tomorrow, we will face one of Fio or Carpi. IF we can win that we will face the one of Spezia or Alessandria in Semis." 
"I've been sat in bed for the past 2 hours listening to Ed, Shawn and Jacob and I've been bawling my eyes out, what is happening to me" 
FLASHBACK FRIDAY:The Dallas Stars settle victoriously in to their new digs at the AAC. WATCH: First Game 
So my dad is watching Bill Maher and the woman speaking has in my opinion to be the 1st woman president 
"Published a new blog entry November 18 - """"Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great"""" in Art in the County. 
Sunday is full of Minecraft hype on Kickback!  Can you make $100?  Pick a game at 
"Good day! And to mak it even better, my clothes from American Eagle came in! Church tonight too! : )" 
#RonPaul campaign manager Doug Wead: Contrary to media lies, doing JUST GREAT with delegates even after Super Tuesday 
"If you call tomorrow ""Thursday,"" you're wrong. If you call tomorrow anything but ""Star Wars Day,"" you're wrong. #kindaexcited" 
Next time Dustin Johnson tees off on a Sunday in contention in a Major want him decked out in Godolphin blue #uspga 
whereUBat Lets do it Bizzle. Ill be free tomorrow an at Soundset so itz watev 
Stone Brewing just got added to our list of Brewers attending the 2nd Ann Riverside Blues &amp; BBQ! 
Magic Mike XXL....wellll boyyyyyy....it was way better than the 1st 
I have the Moonlight Sonata 3rd movement in my iPod and I listen to it when I need to relax 
Magic Mike XXL is better than the 1st. I learned a lot about the male stripper psyche &amp; culture (&amp; midlife crisis), &amp; female sexual desire. 
"The tribute to Janet Jackson six years after the death of his brother Michael  Monday night, Janet Jackson is... 
"Enjoy the first single """"Ashes"""" from THRESHOLD's upcoming album """"March Of Progress"""": 
"Tomorrow's the night! Weekly lesbian discussion group at Gay's the Word, WC1N, 8-9pm, every Wednesday @user 
Man o man .Beyonce was amazing tonight at #MadeInAmerica! 1st time seeing her and I'm afraid. 
That may just be the most shocking moment of todays #AppleEvent, @user doing a demo on the new #iPadPro..... 
Hmu if you wanna go to IHOP tomorrow 
when you have PCD from One Direction and then realize you're seeing Ed Sheeran next Tuesday 
If the Steelers play as good as they did Sunday I say keep the Bee uniforms on all the way to the Superbowl #steelers 
@user Mallshow with the #PBBUnlimited BIG 4 + Wendy, Divine, Deniesse at Pacific Mall Legaspi Landco Plaza, April 30, 6pm! :) 
Dana White announcing Holm v. Rousey scheduled for July 9th. Can't wait for the rematch 
All incoming Freshman: Come to Jennison 308 to check out the "Sustainability at Bentley" session tomorrow at 3 pm! 
"Last Tuesday we asked """"Who is the greatest England captain ever?"""" and the winner is Steven Gerrard (50% of votes). 2nd place for Bobby Moore" 
"Watching the movie #Friday, realized Smokey was the first one to be #catfished in a movie LMAO! Girl said she looked like Janet Jackson  0_o" 
Five Great Free Apps and Games for iOS - August 27th Edition:  It's that time of the week again... #News #LCHBuzz 
@user thank you now I may actually have a chance on ios now 
A long read but worth it. Great insight into power &amp; control of IRA in Newry. Chilling.  
@user i love you! #thatisall its me Camilla Parker Bowles remember? Lol see you Monday i hope! *fingers crossed* xxxx 
Okay guys going to take the night off to finally get rid if this cold. I'll be online tomorrow labor day for Harry Potter trivia 
Fandom Infiltration - As you may or may not know, I accompanied my mawm to the Michael Jackson One Cirque... 
Monday: PJ day  Tuesday: Ugly sweater  Wednesday: Snow day Thursday: North Pole day Friday: STAR WARS DAY! 
Tomorrow at this time I'll be with beyonce 
The sun is shining in Cornwall today, perfect for a walk in Padstow & grabbing Rick Stein’s Fish & Chips on the way - 
@user @user Better call the Pope. He may be more sympathetic, one never knows. 
@user Did you enjoy last night's Life Of Chris Brown? Next Tuesday we explore the career of @user #BETTreySongz 
Come on out this Saturday and support us in the Semi-Finals round of the Battle of the EFFN Rock II Concert... 
"Go see Paper Towns movie on July 24th, and play for Liverpool if you can." 
Are you guys as ready as I am for RIRI 7th album .... Come on NOVEMBER 19 :) #rihannanavy @user rihan 
I just cut a 25 second audio clip of Aaron Rodgers talking about Jordy Nelson's grandma's pies. Happy Thursday. 
Im going to IHOP after work tomorrow. Fuck it. 
"I liked a @user video Zac Brown Band with Steven Tyler, Fenway Park, 9 August 2015" 
@user GM The new cast of DWTS is going to be on Good Morning America on Tuesday Morning, hope your appts. go well, love U!!" 
RT @user Today *very* rare day when Democrats will get healthier on their Club for Growth scorecards than most Republicans. 
@user @user Amazon Prime should have it here by Wednesday. Squee! 
Your like Jordan’s on a Saturday I got to have you and I cannot wait. . 
@user from work?! That's a long day. Are you planning on going to the Paley celebration tomorrow? 
@user Thanks for the follow. You may need a super rope cinch for hunting. Ted Nugent loves it. Check out 
I can't wait to speak at @user #MSAPC2015 event tomorrow, then fly to #NYC for the weekend, &amp; then #INBOUND15! 
This Murray vs Anderson match is great. 4 hour match and it's still in the 4th set. 
I'm sure his daughter likes Beyonce &amp; would want me to tell her alllll about the concert. 
Warning: prepare for many Madonna tweets tomorrow since it will be the opening night of the #RebelHeartTour #whosthatgirl 
I just had the best 3rd date ever Hate how before this thing takes off properly I'm gonna be going back to Milan 
Another great day in Croatia. Bring on Hvar tomorrow 
"Just got a call from the Tudou awards festival--we're up for 2 prizes, ceremony to kicks off in Chengde May 19th.... 
Tusk - Fleetwood Mac. Another great Sunday morning album (bit of a commitment but worth it). 
Looks like Brian Cushing and Arian Foster will be ready to go for the Houston Texans on Thursday night! #WeAreTexans 
Gotta put the Nirvana shirts on hold until Wednesday. Guess I'll try to look decent 
"Sat what you want about U2, slag them off if you will, but I still think they were a damn fine class of submarine" 
@user it’s out already?  Thought it was tomorrow? Denzel is the best EVER. Movie looks amazing. 
@user @user Ty 4 the follow! Much Love &amp; Respect 2 a Hero of mine - David Bowie always! Have a fantaztik Friday! :)* 
#rtesoccer Robbie Keane saying he always knew Germany was going to finish 1st in the group!!! #winningmentality #coybig 
"#SmartNCAA: It's another 'Yes para sa tres' for the ""Ant-man"" Mark Cruz! Letran still on top, 72-53 with 1:53 remaining in the 4th!" 
We’re excited for Thursday’s gadget equivalent to the Oscars - the Stuff Awards. See which gizmos made the shortlist... 
@user What have you got for tomorrow? I have over 2.5 in Espanyol - Bilbao, Sociedad to win and Osauna - 0.25. 
1st mobile test / supply complete! Mrs H was v happy with her Gucci's at less than the high st price. Book in #Lancashire @user 
Holy cow!!! Rumours that GYPSY is coming back - with Imelda Staunton as Rose no less!!!!! I think I may have just got over excited... 
@user #WeezerJKT #ROCKSTARMARYLIVE Beverly Hills, that's where I want to be! But not on Jan 8th because I want to be in Lap. D!" 
"Monday is over &amp; it's good mood Tuesday! At Northside in Summersville, we are in a good mood. So come &amp; see me. Ask For Barry!" 
Hillary made a very lucid case for the Iran agreement, and I think she may have changed my mind with the detail... 
Between Jurassic Park, Toy Story 2 and Space Jam, Wayne Knight may be the greatest screen villain of all time 
Kendrick Lamar with Big Sean - Alright (Live) @ 2nd Annual TDE Christmas Toy Drive/Concert: via @user 
Ponting may make history fir Australian cricket: <p>&nbsp;</p><p>Ricky Ponting could break Steve Waugh&nbsp;s re... 
"I have 2 say I thought the #emmys were great tonight. Melissa McCarthy, Peter DInklage, Kyle Chandler, Ty Burrell, Julie Bowen- all amazing!" 
"Frank Gifford, Al Michaels and Dan Dierdorf are pretty much the sound of every sleepy late-night fall Monday of my childhood." 
Freestyle Wednesday - #NP Big L, Jay Z, Mos Def, Black Thought, Eminem, Yelawolf... Love it 
Rivera says RB Jonathan Stewart looked good in practice and is confident he'll play Sunday vs. Green Bay. 
@user 2nd Best Sports Moment: Rob Riggle hosting the ESPY Awards #funny 
"the ""somebody talk"" in rising sun literally brought Kpop from the brink of death" 
"Two American staples celebrated in one day!  Today, July 23rd, we celebrate National Hot Dog Day as well as... 
"A very happy Eid greetings to all of you, May your lives be blessed, ameen" 
Guy I will be streaming live tomorrow starting with a little let's play on Minecraft so tweet what u want to see in the world :) 
July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day! Hot dogs will be .99 cents all day! Come enjoy a great hot dog! #NationalHotDogDay 
Brock Lesnar vs Undertaker at WrestleMania 32 will be announced tomorrow night on #RAW. Garauntee it! #SummerSlam #BrockVsTaker 
Who else is excited to see the boys on StarTalk tomorrow??? 
Jermaine Pennant scored a hat-trick in the 1st match of Arsenal's 49 match unbeaten run. Perhaps even more unbelievable than the run itself. 
Watching Napoleon Dynamite and doing homework. I’m having the best Saturday ever. 
Hello everyone!  I had a fabulous time in Hermitage PA, on Labor Day!  As you may or may not know, I was in... 
#AppleEvent is about to start! Watch Apple's live stream here: 
My best friend is trying out for the Rose Parade tomorrow. I wish you the best Shante<3 Good luck! @user 
AC/DC is rocking out Perth's Domain Stadium in November... and we want you to be there!  Listen out for the cue... 
Calling #HU students - If you need a job Nascar Bar and Grill is hiring. Group interviews Wednesday and Thursday at 6pm. Go get that money. 
@user my moms taking my iPad away tomorrow but it's worth it because I'm tweeting the KWEENT #ANTHONYCHAT 
Happy Birthday to the 1st &amp; best movie Batman...Michael Keaton #HappyBirthdayMichaelKeaton 
alright that was the last one for tonight I promise I'll do Zayn and Liam spams tomorrow. keep voting! #EMABiggestFans1D 
".@krishamoud Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week...in fact, I believe he's due back tomorrow." 
@user Hey there Justin, may I know which console you're trying to play on? ^EY 
@user anything. I wondered how the aspects btwn my sun/moon faired with my rising. I also have Venus in Sag...yea lol Thank u :) 
#tbt Reppin the W&M sweatshirt on my 2nd birthday. I had a sweet lion king cake too 
IBM Systems Technical University come visit the IBM Global Training Providers #ibmstu15 #ibmtraining starts 01/Sep 
SO excited to see Holiday Market at Twilight on the list! Join us tomorrow from 5-7pm! 
"Don't miss the Town Hall with presidential candidate John Kasich on July 31st, for Click for details #Kasich4America" 
Looking forward to tomorrow night :) The Man Who Sold The World - David Bowie & the 1970’s @ Showroom & Workstation 
@user on November 16 be ready to head to the movies. Breaking Dawn: Part 2. (; 
"I think my Econ TA may be the funniest person I have ever met. Rock on, Thor" 
@user My view on Friday, looks like we had the exact seats this weekend, I guess great U2 fans think alike! 
Hopefully doing a meet and greet Friday Night With Stan Walker and Elen Levon :D  Bring on the celeb life!! 
Chris Evans is like the sun. He's warm and he glows. 
"David Wright is back and had a big impact in the win tonight. Mets are now 12 games over .500, 5.5 games ahead in 1st, I can see October!" 
@user @user If you're struggling come January and Benzema don't happen, I'd go for him, he'll give 110% for Arsenal, and score! 
Holy Yoga in Webster Groves resumes tomorrow! Come practice yoga and reset the posture of your heart.... 
2 world exclusives happened on @user last night! Rpt Mon at 9am! Now off to 'Eid in the Square' w/ ZeeTV :) 
For my high schoolers : tomorrow if you get approached by anyone you don't want to talk to just tell them your ideal hangout with Snoop Dogg 
"WHOA. Dana White just said that if Ronda Rousey wins tomorrow, Cyborg is next. Superfight may be just a few months away" 
As I bid you all good night why not end your Saturday evening with Waylon Jennings covering Fleetwood Mac. Night. 
Zac Brown Band in November just wait on it 
Gemini - waxing Sun in your 1st house think about Arsenal's great show of character 
RT @user 007 in Detroit wed august 17th I'll be dancing live!!!!! D town stand up !!! Get ready its going down! 
"Sunday is National Ice Cream Day, here's a sweet treat you can make at home 
I finally get to go see Jurassic World tomorrow at 4:00 I'm so excited I'll tell you guys how it went I'm so excited yaay 
@user can't wait to go to your concert in Ventura, Nov 1st. I'll finally get to meet you!" 
David Bowie's new song Blackstar is fucking brilliant. He is ceaselessly exceptional and innovative. Excited for the album January 8th! 
"I'm going to see Paul McCartney with Ben, Jerry, and Mike. That's good news on a Monday morning! #broctober" 
@user saw you play at Bluesfest last sunday, your lead guitarist blew my freakin' mind!! Wow... what a rock star !! Great show" 
#nacamam @user you have to try Skywalk Deli on the 2nd floor of the Comerica building on Monroe! #bestlunche 
Apple has major changes in store for the Apple Watch via @user Waiting on 2nd gen... 
. @user is full on fangirl-ing as we're sat just over from Game Of Thrones' Iain Glen (Jorah Mormont) at St Pancras. 
"Third and final fantasy draft tonight, this time with my cousins. My keeper pick? Tony Romo with a 10th rounder. Boo yeah." 
"Girl singing the national anthem tonight is a Boise State student. I gave her a ""Go Ducks"" before she went out. Didn't seem to faze her." 
Google hangout anime session @user  if crunchyroll picks up for the fall season.  
@user Those tickets may have sold out faster than the Kendrick Lamar show. 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews #love #hardwork 
off on holiday tomorrow, downloading apps for ipod for the plane anyone know any good free ones? 
Extra ZAC Brown Band ticket for Friday is anyone is interested !!!! (You get to sit with me and my sisters) 
Great summary of David Cameron response to the Syrian refugee crisis 
Great interview by @user with bassist Jeff Ament from RNDM: New album out tomorrow. @user 
Okay it’s late... Going off :) Will send Jennette tomorrow more names :) Good night :) 
14yrs Rick Perry ran the 12th largest economy in the WORLD,left with 18bil Surplus 27Mill people &amp; created ALL of the job growth in America! 
@user Wow!! For Katy Perry i'd assume you would queue earlier. For Bruno Mars we got there an hour before and 2nd row. 
hopefully going to go see Romeo Santos with Catherine on december WOOT WOOT :D <3,<3 
Finally going to go to Digi on Thursday for results night. Ahhhh I can't wait 
Probably gonna watch Paper Towns next Tuesday since I have to go somewhere and  the ticket is half price ^^ 
"Tomorrow, the Jimmy Donn """"Eastbound & Down"""" pre-order begins. Only 100 Pre-Orders will be available. And it’s a pretty sick combo pack!" 
Kane is going to a jobs fair tomorrow and I just read the first CV he's ever written.  It's awesome!   Is give him a job :-) 
I liked a @user video 17th GRAMMYs: Paul Simon and John Lennon co-presenting the GRAMMY for Record Of The 
Going to be such a nice sight to see David Wright standing at 3rd base tonight. 
We are working hard to fix the motor so we can race for the 1st time at Eldora Speedway for The Kings Royal. Hope to see you there 
"At last, evidence that George Osborne's drive to make work more attractive that benefits is working. #makeworkpay 
@user Just wanted to let you know that TVD was AMAZING tonight!!! Only the 4th episode and it was so intense! Loved it! :) 
Watching Crossfire Hurricane with my Dad. What a Monday night! 
@user madam people of Maharashtra has voted thinking Modi will give them a good CM. So keep silent until 19th. Let the result be out 
"This Red Sox team, this one, start over in May they win the pennant and good chance at WORLD SERIES ..........GO SOX" 
Could not be happier about the fact that I'm seeing the Foo Fighters on Tuesday. 
Officially starting Dark Souls 2 Monday evening. GTA V was way too fun to stop! Thanks for coming to the stream! See you tomorrow! 
Face like miss America... Body like a stripper... Fuck me like a pornstar... N handle business like the 1st lady... Yea i need that...$$$ 
Is the 12th playing down wind?  Because Dustin Johnson just hit a pitching wedge 150 yards. 
@user Good luck from @user to Cork Youth Orchestra preparing for its concerts with Michael Ball, 8 & 9 Dec, City Hall, have fun!" 
@user hey lads will you guys have the MGS V edition PS4's in stock on Monday or is it online only? I want one 
Release: Parallels Access 3.0 with Apple Watch Support Capabilities: On August 5, Parallels an... #Virtualization 
#HLWD: @user is leading the pack for a Mariah Carey ride, tomorrow at 10:45! Grab a bike and end your weekend with a cardio party! 
"#REPORT""@Austynzogs: President Buhari will visit Cameroun on Wednesday. He will hold talks with President Biya on the issue of Boko Haram""" 
@user Definitely although I think if Murray does enough to win the 4th set he'll go on and win it. 
@user @user C'mon guys join the quiz!! Get free cool The Vamps tees by @user  Good luck!! 
SubHanAllah! This is deep.  May Allah grant the Muslims in Palestine victory over its occupiers. Ameen. 
"Emma Watson, Lena Dunham, Amy Schumer, Taylor Swift, etc may be feminist women I don't agree with - but it doesn't mean they arent feminists" 
#GrantatDigifest @user please please she doesnt have any other way to go digi and see you @user c'mon her bbday is the day be4 
Seriously, reminder that the Pope is no figurehead.  He is the leader of the Catholic Church.  He has real power, limited though it may be. 
IHOP wit bubba jay @user tomorrow  he better eat too 
A day without Zayn is like a year without sun 
#CGVB is off to the finals! Everyone go to Reynolds Colosseum at NC State at 2:30 on Sat. to cheer #CGVB to back-to-back state champions! 
Great to see Paul Dunne &amp; Padraig Harrington in with a chance to win the 2015 British Open at St.Andrews on Monday. 
I liked a @user video from @user An MHC Conversation with TechnaScribe - September 01 (Minecraft 
"Ewoks I may be streaming tonight, My friend is letting me use her cap card for the night! Hopefully it works for PS4 so I can stream Mad Max" 
FYF Fest: Kanye West saves the day after Frank Ocean cancels: Kanye West was just a few songs into his headlining set at Saturday's o... 
if you like La Leyenda and Duelo listen and download my recent mix! 
Can’t wait for the Knicks to beat the Heat tomorrow 
"african Obama: UHURU to break record, shock the world on 8th - 53 Presidents may accompany him to ICC" 
"Playing Castlepalloza tomorrow, main stage at 1.30 with @user then Deezer stage at 7.45 with @user can't wait..." 
Ice cube son and dcyoungfly should make a new Friday movie #ToMeIThink 
"Bloody hell, ok so in 3 days thats Mad max, Big hero 6 and Naruto: The last. Now about to watch the Lego movie, Think I may OD on good films" 
Anonymous to Wikileaks: We’re more interested in transparent govts & bringing out info they want to hide from public.   
i was internally screaming when i heard the intro to Fourth Of July in Paper Towns 
Bomb Squad bake sale Thursday the 25th !!! Don’t miss out. 
@user very true I wish they would accept but I think we have a shot to get him in January and fight Barca for him what do you think? 
@user @user Going to see The Big Short tomorrow(so excited) &amp; have started re-reading Twilight of the Elites. 
A treat for #BondGeek's booking today as tomorrow we'll hear more on the title song now anticipated to be sung by Sam Smith? #SPECTRE 
I get to see Ed Sheeran on Thursday. And Stephan is going with me. My excitement levels are through the roof. :D 
@user today is 1st day in school.. wish me luck, Maite!!! #TQM" 
@user I'm so excited because you are coming to Mexico City in October! I love you Follow me please #NSN 
I'm not excited because a Minecraft game is coming to #WiiU. It's because it's 3rd party support and I'd love to see other TT games coming. 
"Start thinking of reasons why you love Kesha and be a guest on The Kesha Show tomorrow, 8pm EST/6pm PAC. 
@user dude! The coaches have been announced for the new TUF season starting September 9th. Conor McGregor for EU and Urijah Faber 4 USA 
@user *Laughs and takes it off before resting on top of Thor's chest* You'll buy me more dresses tomorrow. *smirks and kisses him- 
Delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in Sun Dried Tomato, Parmesan & Garlic oil from Olive That in Montclair 
I can't wait for Ed Sheeran tonight omg like I knew about him before he was famous and went to his free concert when I was in 9th grade 
@user @user the condition even though she doesn't play Minecraft, I don't mind. I may consider applying for Senior... 
@user @user I give  Rousey a lot of credit .. she want the first but she convinced so may that women can sell events 
Eric Church was absolutely amazing last Saturday...he never disappoints 
And eclipse the amount of wages Messi gets a week? Haha..so now who is the best, Neymar or Messi? #mufc #FCBarcelona 
@user nah bruh,sasuke is my 6th favorite character,it seems i hate him when i compare him to naruto,cause i love naruto way more lmao" 
@user think more like Sam Gagner for Hammer, more. 2nd line center, played with Kane. Perfect..now let’s make it happen 
I want to go to IHOP or Friday's 
"Come On A. Dalton, please give more than 5.50 fantasy points in the 2nd half!! And thank you Vincent Jackson for 30+ fantasy points <3" 
Just found all of ST: Voyager on Netflix. I know what I'm doing for the rest of the night. Woo!! 
"Carroll delivers for Liverpool win, 6th = Europa League - now need just 4 points from the last 5 games to secure it." 
If you are a real MMA fan then UFC 194 will probably be the 2nd best card of the year I wouldn't put the Rousey card in the top 10 
If I had the finances I'd go see Kendrick Lamar ko Houston ka di 20 Dec watseba. 
Here's the scoop on how to get free ice cream on Sunday for National Ice Cream Day. 
@user It’s the cool, tasty Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade It may take some getting used to since it’s new.^TH 
he had a good life and a wonderful wife.. may Frank Gifford RIP 
@user thanks I am! :)I saw the hollywood sign today!!!!! And in Disney I got to meet a really hot Aladdin lol :) 
@user Hope the forecast clears up for Sat.  Heading up there to see Foo Fighters at Wrigley. 
This made my day. Girl Scout cookie orders start on Friday in #MD. I have an unhealthy obsession with Thin Mints ... 
In Moscow - getting ready for the live demo at Art Park on Sunday. Come join if you fancy 
"Have y'all ever just sat and listened to Frank Ocean's ""Crack Rock""? The shit is mad deep." 
Snoop Dogg didn't start saying -izzle but he was the first to say something else! Find that out and more: Monday after Labor Day from 6-7pm! 
Also the first to graduate college, I agree. Michelle Obama: Making school cool is key to success. via @user 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Jeb Bush said on Thursday he would back fellow Republican presidential hopeful Donald T... 
Kobe Bryant is better than the 40th best player. I would say about 25th 
Prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash. Pavol Demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace. :'( 
Today plan of action lots of jam this morning may be some chutney then the Vanilla Fudge and at some point go and get the christmas tree 
@user @user I remember 1st seeing Veldheer @ the senior bowl thinking this kid can ball. Fortunately we got him 
"I get a night out tonight! Going to see Cowboys vs. Aliens because I'll see anything with a name like that, and then the oven door fell off." 
"Thank you Mount Carmel College for the spirited conversation today: Rahul Gandhi: Bangalore, Nov 25 : Congress... 
"Lionel Messi, in ten years at Barca, has scored in each different minute of a game except the 1st, 9th, 48th and 61st." 
I’m gonna dress up as the Burger King Man to make Courtney happy on Friday :) lol #soserious 
April has to live. Sharknado wouldn't be the same without her tiny chainsaw. #aprillives 
So u tx me and ask if I can spend the night.Haha I DON'T EVEN KNOW U (Kevin hart voice) haha 
I want to go see Kanye West on the 25th!! 
"All Nurses SPECIALY @user &amp; @user """"Happy Nurses Day. Even if it may be a tough and tiring work for you. Never doubt your job."""" :))" 
RSVP HERE for 1/2 Way to St. Patty's Day this Saturday! Receive discount drinks ALL NIGHT for you & your guests! 
1981 Gino is pretty damn impressed with 2015 Gino for going to see AC/DC in Foxborough on Saturday. 
"Bought le boyfriends 4th anniversary present, I'm now going to make hot chocolate then snuggle up with Charles Darwin. Delightful." 
@user Politics Hope you decide to have Carly Fiorina on the debate September 16th. A lot of people would like that. 
@user @user Hulk Hogan should have it. Best 2nd year fwd in years. 
RT @user comedy central is on point tonight haha 
tomorrow is my day off. I'm going to be chillin in my underwear watching Naruto all day 
Come walk with us tomorrow! See you at Lent’s Park at 10 AM for registration. Looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day! 
Ice Cube managed to make all three Friday movies different but all still hilarious 
I found out David Bowie is coming out with a new album this January. Let's see if I'm gonna be the only young person who cares again. 
"RT @user The Zags hold a 1-0 lead for 84 minutes to beat Boise State and win the Bronco Invite. Goal by Sarah Rhodes, her 3rd of ..." 
"I am sure that now you're screaming, because Dean Ambrose is telling you you're pretty...Just kidding!... 
"Happy Labor Day! Or as Scott Walker would put it, ""Get back to work, assholes, or I'll bring in cheaper workers who'll work *every* Monday.""" 
At least 15 November starts among QBs, Tony Romo has the best winning % in NFL history. He isn’t the problem! 
@user didn't briana and Louis were ""together"" around march? Well, at least that's what I read on the magazines." 
@user Thanks brother. Honestly speaking saw you 1st time with Kamran Shahid and felt that IK has made so many IK’s like u. Keep gng 
Decided to start going to yoga classes again. Starting tomorrow. Better clean my mat then.. 
"Happy birthday to the main man, @user Tear up Helsinki tonight and we'll meet for some post-birthday celebration on sunday!" 
Redlicki/Tahir are set to play Wichita State duo of Gregurovic/Nicol at 5 pm ET in the 1st round of doubles. #TulsaITA #goduke 
Cowboys will beat the falcons sunday #iStamp 
@user YES. I'm thinking Feb/March, possibly to include Holi!? I want to play with all the colors!" 
The Los Angeles Galaxy clinched a spot in the MLS playoffs with a win on Saturday night. 
"We just sold our 1st copy of the limited edition Rise of David Bowie. Now there are only 1,971 copies left: 
@user yap. That's why i dont understand why they're making fun with messi's height. Do they expecting him to be a Jan Koller? Lol 
Sunday:  Sevilla v A. Madrid Roma v Juventus #MUFC v #Swans Monaco v PSG  Please don't disturb, i'll be watching football all day. 
cant wait to see my mami’s @user and @user damn might just hurt the streets of raleigh tomorrow night. 
@user THAT’S ME EXACTLY!  hahaha...6th and 7th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all """"EDWARD OMG, JACOB 4 LYFE"""" s t o p" 
"Hi y'all I'm selling three tickets at face value ($80) for Amy Schumer on Friday in MKE, let me know if you want them!" 
"I would love to see all my friends and fans Tomorrow at the Polish Festival , we will be starting at 4:00pm and... 
Think I’m gonna have to have a MaccyD Breakfast on the ways to Spurs tomorrow ;) 
@user Seems fitting that there's a parallel there, and that SCOTUS used 14th Amendment to override the 10th. @user 
For everyone who lusted after my Jurassic Park jacket, the original print its from is here 
just got invited to a track camp in ohio June 30 &amp; July 1st 
The Blue Jays are playing very well. They're scoring runs and David Price is pitching like David Price. 3-0 Jays with one out in the 5th 
The Guardian view on the BBC plans: nice ideas but much to prove | Editorial via @user 
Thank fuck it’s Friday. Fresh supply of Rohypnol,Ice Cold BlueWKD’s in the fridge. Any blondes thinking of going out? Gie’s a shout ;) 
@user @user Big Brother when on C4 never aired the show on a Saturday night, instead aired live feed on E4, it worked better" 
I may have 2-3 tickets tonight for JASON ALDEAN. If interested please stay in touch ! 
someone bring me doughnut holes from dunkin tomorrow morning. I'll marry you. 
Me; ’ill bring your birthday card in on Friday’ Kane; ’aw really? It’s the thought that counts I’d prefer a tv’ Twat 
@user you realize Mizzou made T-shirts celebrating their win over Kentucky! They should commemorate their 8th place finish on the back. 
Apple's Keynote is happening tomorrow at 3am!With the expected announcement of the iPhone 6S, new Apple TV and iPad who is waking up for it? 
To celebrate the death of two titans of world literature, UNESCO established 23 April as World Book Day. Bit of grim humour there... 
Yep and that might b my move in Dallas tonight RT @user True! Tht would b fun.. @user 
@user take Silver at the Hib cup. Great day. See you all @user for the boogie starting tomorrow 
"Josh Hamilton can strike out 4 times but if bats in the 9th or later, he will win you the baseball game." 
"Zayn still looks ethereal, the world is still revolving, the sun still shines bright. Nobody cares :) 
Believe it or not, there are Labor Day deals as good as Black Friday: 
"john cena vs seth rollins on monday night raw for US champion, team cena all the wayyy" 
Maroon5 and The Cab make me crazy!!! when I went to see they concert on last monday. I love you guys!! \(^o^)/ 
"OK, y'all...  Tomorrow I'm going to have Louisa, Becky, Shawn, Jenn and Navah over for the game, wine and flip cup!  #billsvsteelers" 
IDC says server-based storage sales soaring &amp;Dell's pwning the market IBM, NetApp &amp; HP rubbing shoulders to claim 2nd 
Would love to see Paul Dunne make things interesting tomorrow at @user What a great story 
Keva run tomorrow with YOUNG LIFE!!!!! 
"Damn, #MTVStars hid the votes. WE ONLY GOT TILL TUESDAY MONSTERS!!! VOTE LIKE CRAZY!!!! #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
@user You're welcome Shawn, and thank you! Happy Wednesday! Have a great one! Wishing you great success!" 
@user Mr. Monday night just made my Thursday night’!! @user #mohrstories 
@user #ASKCAIRNEY - Jim, if you'd played in Milan would we have won our 2nd Big Cup? All the best, Douglas from Santiago." 
can it be Thursday already I'm trying to watch the new Naruto episode 
"FEC Approves $1.1bn For Two Locomotives: The Federal Executive Council (FEC) Thursday approved a N1.1 billion for the design, manufac..." 
"Two years ago today we were off to Italy!! The only reason I remember is because,  it's Prince George's 2nd birthday!" 
Thursday is National Hot Dog Day! Send me an email and let me know:  where's the best place to get a hotdog?  Send to:  jcarter@WBTV.com 
Pride parade outcome: Lots of fun, a heavy sun burn and back pain. Wish I could party tonight, but packing for GDC/Gamescom takes priority. 
#Gamlingay folks - Saturday is Gamlingay Green Day! See you all there from 10am: 
Kendrick killed this beat better but I see you j.cole!  
#News Pepe Reina believes the stylish manner of Liverpool's 3-0 victory over FC Gomel on Thursday... (LFC Website) 
"Mikasa drawing updated and finished I think. Gonna give it to my coworker on Wednesday, hope she likes it. 
Interesting to see Cliff Avril start. Told me Wednesday he wasn’t sure if he was ready to go. Obviously, he is. 
I love @user And if they're at SXSW in March I'm in the crowd screaming and being ignorant. 
Somebody please come with me to see Sam Smith tomorrow!! 
Holy Shit the guy who made Kony 2012 is gonna be on the today show tomorrow. GUYS HES STILL ALIVE #KONY2012 #KONY2012 
Maino had a great 1st album and beat niggas asses, that’s the type of person we need in Hip Hop 
Guys, the Marijuana law in Colorado, Oregon, and Washington can pass this Tuesday. #HighHopes 
s/o to 7th grade year when being michael jackson still lost to a bumblebee during the halloween costume contest 
People are suddenly starting to want Justin &amp; Ariana together &amp; I've been waiting on them since they sat in a circle on set of victorious 
Happy #40th birthday to one of the most dependable human beings I know. May your light never go dim my Big Brother and friend @user 
@user @user I heard her say so on a radio interview - think it was Chris Evans breakfast show - Friday a week or so back 
"And overall, #UGA units combined rank 3rd nationally in team efficiency points, just behind Ole Miss and Auburn. 
@user Federer is about to begin his 2nd round. Go watch it. 
Noel Gallagher’s HFB and Kopparberg make for a damn near perfect Saturday evening. It could only be 100% perfect if I was at a Noel gig. 
"You could win tickets to see Janet Jackson at Bankerslife Fieldhouse Nov 9.  txt "" MISSJANET""  to 24609 for you... 
@user jenna I'm meeting you with one of my dearest friends in February in Milan are you excited to see us :) 
Beer Garden: Hop-driven ale marks Stone Brewing's 16th anniversary: Stone Brewing in San Diego just celebrated 1... 
@user happy Saturday, Briana. I just left my biggest family Christmas gathering of the season. How are you?" 
"Its a Saturday what better way to spend the evening than to see an advanced showing of Paper Towns, 3 weeks... 
Madonna is going to remain as the most awarded artist 
Tony Parker may have hit the game winning shot but Mark Sanchez is coming through clutch for Eva Longoria right now. #Swish 
About to watch about 15 episodes of Seinfeld till work is over, fuck 3rd shift 
"Double IT first thing tomorrow! YYYYEEEESSSS!!!!! 
@user emilyyyy!! can you please message natasha 289 404 8963 and tell her to be at calle 62 tomorrow at 2:30 ill wait there, THANKS" 
@user ah good, sat in restaurant the other night Fleetwood Mac playing in the background both my kids sang along #proudmummoment haha 
Woohoo going to spend all day thursday shopping at the Florida Mall :)) #yay #shoptilwedrop 
"Cost of running the 1st advertisement in Sharknado 3 probably rivals the Super Bowl. Nice play there, @user 
Goodnight everybody. We'll be back tomorrow morning at 7 to answer any Lexus questions you may have. ^KS 
"And if it being Sunday weren't enough to make you happy, Hip Hip Hooray for National Ice Cream Day. Follow us all... 
@user I’m going to the Celtics  with Conor tomorrow night, but you absolutely must come Saturday. My friends demand your presence. 
Can it just be Wednesday so I can see Briana already 
Try out the 1st lab series for IBM #MobileFirst Platform 7.1 #mobile #ibmmobile 
Out! Monday night dinner with Nit in a few. 18th :) 
Dustin Johnson again proves he may be best golfer on the planet on Thursday Friday and Saturday... just not good when matters most. #Sunday. 
"Ima look real manly Friday at the video store. Oh maaaaaaaan 
"Passionate about CNIS' work, be a rep at Ten Thousand Villages in your hometown on Mar 8 - Winkler 725 Main Street Unit B" 
Can you believe it's been 2 years already? Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George. #PrinceGeorgeBDay 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day!  Treat yourself with Homemade ice cream @user #rowlett#icecream#sweets 
I want to go see Kendrick tomorrow 
The Foo Fighters are playing The MK Bowl this weekend. Did you see Bowie or MJ at the bowl? Planning a mini feature for my Saturday Show x 
De La Soul tomorrow night... go get it! 
Cool thing about being in college is you can go get IHOP and starbs then jam to some JB on a Wednesday at 10:45 and it's not weird. 
ESPN: It may not be the biggest squad in the last 10yrs but Ancelotti is working for quality over quantity. Everyone will get their chance. 
"Friday night Turnup!! Essay due at midnight, let's get it.  
"The new Iron Maiden album for those that may be interested, need another listen but I like it so far :) \m/" 
@user ima just go with Danee tomorrow, thanks tho" 
#game Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars (Nintendo SNES, 1996):  $49.00End Date: Thursday Sep-... #eBayUS 
July 23 is National Hot Dog Day! We'll be hosting a hot dog eating contest. Contact crague@seadogs.com if you're interested in participating 
@user well I mean it's the 25th anniversary, so I guess the timing makes sense. Maybe Simmons can start a production company" 
@user At the end of the day,  we're talking about great players so any argument against may sound like nitpicking. Messi is GOAT tho. 
US official unemployment at 5%, lowest since March 08... although Bernie Sanders thinks it's 11% 
No Vaseline by Ice Cube may be the greatest diss I've ever heard #StraightOuttaCompton 
"Stone Brewing celebrates 16 years! Thurs we'll tap their 16th Anniv Ale, the new uber-fresh Enjoy By IPA &amp; a cask... 
Imaaa be gone til Sunday the 19th ! :) 
@user miss you came back Monday Night raw love you miss you John Cena boy friend miss you together we love you big fan All good much 
Belting out the U2 classics on MTV because that my friends is how Saturday night should be #cantsingforshit 
"If you could win a golf tournament on the 1st day, then Dustin Johnson would have 9 majors by now." 
@user no drink the world - not even tea - can beat the taste and feeling of a first few gulps of a 1st beer when you really want it 
@user if I fade 1st colony later on the h60d ima hit you with some spliff Nike's 
@user @user @user you should use google+ for this. The results may surprise you. 
Revealed: Arsenal's most injured XI, four players still in the squad via @user 
Tuesday is the best day of the week.  #Briana's Deli San Pedro #Belize #PigtailTuesdays @ Briana's Deli 
"(And trust, I could talk forever about Madonna’s choice of singles. Would *anything* from MDNA had been a better 1st single than ""GMAYL?"")" 
Virtual CICS user group meeting, 8 Sept, with IBM's Keith Allen discussing "Creating an Agile Development Environment while Reducing Cost". 
"I want to see Brock Lesnar F-5 David Cameron this November. Whaddaya think, @user 
@user knows how to wring my nerves! Talk about tension and it's only the 1st set :-) Brilliant stuff. Behind you all the way Murray! 
Morning everyone!! Starting off our Tuesday we have..  Bee Gees with I Don't Wanna Be The One 
George RR Martin at peace with Game of Thrones finishing before A ...:  #GameOfThrones 
"on the bright side, if Selena's greatest hits album thing is actually coming out on November 24th, I already know what to ask for my bday" 
Interesting that Gregg Williams’ affadavit was just signed on Friday. 
On last sunday i was hearing the speech of kanye west at vma's and that was vry amazing and heart touching. I just loved it!!@kanyewest 
@user I like pumpkin muffins from Dunkin!  Would Thursday or Friday be good for you?? 
"Seeing the Nekromantix on Thursday.. I shall wear MUFE Moulin Rouge lipstick &amp; my PUG Jack-O-Lantern necklace, all thanks to @user 
Tom Brady wins AFC offensive player of the week for 22nd time (via @user 
"Also great news for charity - Taxpayers over 70.5 may make donations directly from an IRA &amp; will not be taxed on the amounts up to $100,000" 
IDGT!!!!!!!!! School starts Monday so I gotta be on it with that....no time for distractions 
Friday treats! Entire album from @user &amp; The Night Sweats at Rolling Stone now for you to stream. GO! 
Going to see @user and @user along with all the other @user superstars December 3rd in Greensboro NC :) 
@user Happy birthday to you old friend! Have a blast and may Allah bless you. Happy Eid and enjoy your roti kaya hahaha 
RT @user @user Omfg Britney is like here in MA... AHHHH!!! along with Nicki Minaj. Omggg the concert is tomorrow :DDD thi ... 
If you are curious about my wild Friday nights: I promised Liam I would play Minecraft &amp; Kennedy requested burritos for dinner. 
Hillary: campaign unaffected by email scandal: Hillary Clinton said on Monday the controversy around her use o... 
Watching Naruto shippuden at work cause it's Friday and I don't care. 
i3 is excited to host the next meetup for Dutch R users together with IBM on the 29th of September! 
"No, Caitlyn Jenner may not be a war hero, but she's been such an inspiration to many young people who need someone like her to look up to." 
Amazon Prime Day: The big offers as retailer launches day of deals bigger than Black Friday 
"Guise! Let's hang out tomorrow! I'll be going as Choji. If you're cosplaying a Naruto character, let's take pics!... 
hope kevin frandsen is taking 3rd base for the Phil’s 
"To my DC friends! Saturday is the LIving Earth Festival including an Organic Farmer's Market, Native American... 
@user coming in from LCC in LaPorte to see you being it. Excited about tomorrow's service!! 
LEO,VIRGO?! CLUB PULSE is the MOVE this THURSDAY! Leos & Virgos are free before 12! Also co-hosted by #Evalesco! Evalesco WILL be there!!!! 
"I love ""Bad Blood"" and I love the music video, but it is just Taylor acting a damn fool. Like c'mon." 
"Murray takes the 3rd set, game on!" 
Carol tomorrow and am so pumped about Cate Blanchett and Sarah Freaking PAULSON @user aka one of the best actors of our time. 
Aaron Rodgers may be the best QB in the NFL and he is still improving -yahoo sports! Nigga fuck with my teamm 
Kris Bryant helped the Chicago Cubs to a sweet victory against the Arizona Diamondbacks Sunday when he smashed the record for longest hit 
@user @user @user @user September sounds good... 9/26 is kris Bryant bobblehead day, could be a good one!" 
"Day off tomorrow, family day out to Blackpool illuminations!!" 
Hulk Hogan you did nothing wrong! I work a black man. We call each other nigga all the time. He may be my... 
"Happy Labor Day this weekend...or as Scott Walker calls it, ""Monday!""" 
Thor may be 'sexy and he knows it' but I'm to sexy for my shirt. 
Watching full 1st season of The Finder on Hulu plus. So funny lazydaysies I see why you liked it! onAciq 
Magic Mike XXL - In Theaters 1 July 2015. The one, the only. Channing Tatum is Magic Mike. 
Signing off for Shabbat Shalom. May the Jewish state of Israel continue to be a loving &amp; peaceful place for all. 
@user hoping to see Ant-Man tomorrow night at the Everyman in Reigate... Apparently it's been refurbished and is pretty good," 
I may not have been in much but you guys made it the best season ever @user @user Maria, and Syd I love you guys 
"Tickets almost sold out!, see me at the Queen Mary in Long Beaxh next Saturday with Ice Cube,, Ashanti,, T pain,, 2nd to None,, #shutdown" 
"Kyle Seager hits hit 20th HR of the season! It's a 2-run bomb. Mariners lead the White Sox, 2-0 in the 1st." 
"""@D1_Prospect: Singing find your love by Drake like the kid in my 4th block class that swears he’s good."" Lmaoooo!!! Leave that boy ALONE!" 
Curtis very happy with Liverpool destroying Man City! Hopefully Tottenham will do the same to the Hammers tomorrow!!! 
Big congrats to @user 4winning the main event. Very classy move stoping his friends from celebrations to shake the hand of Sylvia 1st 
RT @user 15th august. The anthem still chokes me up. The flag still makes me proud. Gandhi still looks over us. happy  Independence day 
Get Ready for Apple Watch Now you can start creating experiences for Apple Watch November 18, 2014  Cool Tech!!! 
It started when zion turned to me and stated that snoop Dogg just may be the smoothest and i concurred 
"Happy 2nd #birthday to Prince George of Cambridge, as he celebrates his cherished day in #style. #Royal #Fashion 
Dana White says rematch #RouseyVsHolm is on for UFC200.  It will be at the new Las Vegas arena.  I think this could be bigger than May-Pac. 
Fair play to Paul Dunne....mighty three rounds of golf.. lets hope he is in the last group tomorrow!! 
"Hope you can join me TOMORROW at 7pm at Scoreboard Bar and Grill in Nashville, TN!" 
Sam Smith is singing the song for the new James Bond. I think I may have fallen in love even more. #spectre #bond 
Looking forward to seeing the Illegal Eagles at Dorking tomorrow night with Lin & Amigo. Best Eagles tribute band around. #illegaleagles 
"Tina, Mustard and Pudding are climbing Mount Snowdon tomorrow to raise funds for the Pet Welfare Alliance. Your... 
"Really, this Sharknado cast may be the. Best since Boogie Nights." 
@user Yep! Thank you! You’ll have to venture down to Durham a week on Friday now ;) Setting up one in Sunderland very  soon #4N 
I have 2 passes for Looper in Pico Rivera on Thursday. Message or text me if you want them. 
Monster jam tonight and Celtics home opener tomorrow...loveeee living walking distance from the gahhhhden #bostongirl #citychick 
"""""The Record"""" is looking for creative&&talented ppl. Join Prof.Thorbjornsen&&Dr.Beverly on the 10th from 3-4pm in Rose Parlor." 
I'm so glad the Vampire Diaries won an award last night. Loves them all :)  
EMT 09/06/15 [krakatoa]: So when the high point of your Saturday is a chorizo omelette at IHOP for a late dinn... 
@user Rousey and Stephanie may beat her to it but I know what you mean. She's a special talent. 
I didn't even know who John Kasich was before the #GOPDebate. I think he may have done the best. 
"'Clean environment can make Swachh Bharat mission successful': New Delhi, Oct 14 (IANS) Human Resource Develop... 
Everybody best be at Seaholm tomorrow night at 7 to watch the Maples soccer team take on Andover. No mercy will be shown. 
Did you know that 'Rahul Gandhi' was Trending Topic on Thursday 20 for 8 hours in Hyderabad? #trndnl 
Note to self for tomorrow: Come to Tim McGraw much earlier than you did for Eric Church... The track entrance is moving SLOW. 
"off to bed,there's only one kenny miller.well done you LIONS,well done my 3rd team pompey" 
The brilliant Drew Westen offers a great critique of the Obama presidency: 
Scorcher Fest returns to the Duke again for a huge day of LIVE music! This years RECORD 180 ACTS! Sunday 18th... 
*Blue Moon Community Garden, alive and kicking in the Tucson, AZ sun! 
15 August......... Independence day of Hindusthan... 15 October........ Let's make Independence day of... 
"K-Fest Vancouver is Go! Saturday September 5th on UBC campus! My dream come true, join the event page here Kpop fans 
@user alright my friend @user saw this hot blonde Alex girl from Chardon at the game Friday. And he wants to know who it is. 
May the good LORD preserve you because you have put your trust in Him. Hallelujah to the Lamb of God. Psalm 16:1 
I have to start packing tomorrow for Auburn just so I won't forget anything Saturday morning. 
Would be crazy if Dr. Dre, Eminem, Jay-Z all show up at @user #OVOFest tomorrow. Tonight it's @user @user @user @user @user #OVO 
@user JOHN STEWART VS JOHN CENA tomorrow night on raw! I demand it! 
"Peace on earth, everyone. May David Bowie and Bing Crosby be with you! 
#ibm IBM is the worldwide market share leader in #ESN for the 6th straight year! #socialbiz 
Decent Woot deals on HD TV’s here till the 18th  via @user 
Join us tomorrow for National Hot Dog Day at Seasons! During the lunch &amp; dinner hours. 
Hey Nintendo, is the new Sept 25 3DS only a limited edition bundle in NA, or is that 3DS here to stay? Also, will EU faceplaces work on it? 
@user we have our Heart of All England evening on Saturday 30th April and the twilight fixture on Friday 16th September. 
@user yes, I can set one up on posterous tomorrow if you like?" 
"#PerfectCain now has his own day! June 13 will, from here on out, be known as Matt Cain Day!" 
I want to rewatch naruto subbed I may soon 
Katy Perry flaunts her incredible cleavage in striking tasselled dress at Broadway show: SHE may have been the... 
My favorite part of Paper Towns may have been the Ansel Elgort appearance 
LOL! The sworn affidavit from former Saints DC Gregg Williams that the @user presented to Vilma was signed LAST FRIDAY. (via @user 
Gonna clean up my whole room, put on fresh sheets and jammies and watch Game of Thrones all day before a long day of work tomorrow 
Looking forward to speaking about Email Marketing at the @user Social Media Conference tomorrow in Grand Bend.... 
"This the 4th time someone said I look like Janet Jackson , lol" 
@user Justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the Ellen show at 4 on Really :) 
"Just watched Finding Your Roots for the 1st time, a fascinating show on @user And, apparently Ben Affleck &amp; Matt Damon are distant cousins!" 
@user Girl I been in Timmonsville since May 4th and Yayyy you miss me Lol 
"#TheSecret says visualizations come true, so tomorrow night @user is bringing me on stage for Bad Blood, you guys." 
@user the concert got changed to September 30th... AKA GET YOHR BOOTY DOWN HERE AND SEE SAM SMITH WITH ME 
National Ice Cream Day is Sunday but the fun 101.3 staff is celebrating today with delicious Weis quality ice... 
"I liked a @user video (5th Edition D&amp;D) From the Astral Season 1, Episode 3: Bad Blood Runs Deep" 
#TEAMBREEZY make sure yall be tune in tomorrow to see @user on @user "The Bet Life of Chris Brown" 
oh and Red Tails for the 1st time.. yeah yeah kinda orta late af.. but it was good! 
so I have rewatched every season of Dexter with the parents and now am ITCHING for season 6! roll on October! @user 
@user lol actually I live in Georgia moving to Germany in march I miss you tooooooo 
Wondering how much i love my Lakers. $380 for two lower level tickets when they play the Mavs on Nov 24th!!  Thinking really hard about it.. 
2 Plains Rd- Lots of space in this 4 bed, 4 bath home in East York! Come to the open house this Sun 2-4 pm! Big space, reno’d bathrms+ more! 
Carly Fiorina moved up to 3rd place in the poll.  She moved up from 16th so a huge jump.  She's a fan of the Dream Act &amp; TARP. 
@user I am Hoping this spring.....maybe we could go see NJ at Frontier Festival in Milan .... April 24. We would rock it.  Xxx 
FINALLY going to Disneyland tomorrow idc if it's gonna be packed 
"Just realised I'll be going to see Foo Fighters this time on Tuesday, I'm so excited!" 
@user yees I'm down. All my Detroit frnds always talk about those malls but I've never been there! It's gna be my 1st time yaay! 
"Emile Heskey has sure started his A-League career well. 4 goals in 3 games! May it continue. ""Match Stats 
Red Sox game at Fenway tonight then checking out this Boston Steelers bar Thursday. It's like sports Christmas week. 
"My Sunday blog is Beautiful Day. Not only will you enjoy U2, but please take the time... 
"Actually may fit-1.Leonardo paints1493 Milan""Old Caterina""2Overpaints it1503""Lisa"" 3Overpaints with""Young Caterina"" 
Singing Frank Ocean at the top of my lungs while walking down 3rd st. Good morning. 
LINK- Two Wins to Go For Serena: For the 27th time, Venus and Serena Williams stepped onto the court to dazzle... 
Witnessed a perfectly executed crash landing in the gulf of Mexico today. #whatabadass 
George Osborne parties with aristocrats and downs champagne on his 21st birthday  George was born a Tosser looks one 
@user @user @user And Madonna didn't beg for shit. Her album may not have hit, but she's selling out a tour 
On this divine day of Eid may Allah shower his blessings on u &amp; ur loved ones....&amp; fill ur life with... 
finally have an upgrade the 22nd, so I can't wait until the iPhone 6s reveal today. 
SUNDERLAND WEEKLY GAY FRIENDLY EVENT tomorrow at the The Basement. Get on the event for guest list !!... 
"MMA - ESPN.com: ESPN Video: On the night of his explosive win, Dan Henderson relives his ...espn.go.com/video/cl... 
Have an extra ticket to see RNDM on Saturday in D.C. Anyone want in? 
"That was the best day of my life fam. I felt like a slave that got freed, or Derrick Rose passing the SAT. MAAAAAAAAAN...." 
@user Eid 3rd day, you are looking simple and sweet 
Just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against Bob Jones, thats how ready I am for the game #goodnight 
"Cainer was given a Key to the City of SF. June 13th will also forever be known as """"Matt Cain Day."""" #SFGiants #PerfectCain" 
"First time ever on PTV, @user will be on air with U2 &amp; Bruce Springsteen. 8pm Saturday! @user @user @user 
Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George. Love the cute photo that has been released. 
I'm in love with Black Friday by my man Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole 
trying to think what I'm gonna do when I see Paul McCartney on Friday and so far it's either cry or faint or both 
"Hasan on Eid: Every day a Muslim obeys Allah is itself a celebration: Ibn Rajab reported: Hasan Al-Basri, may Allah have mercy on him..." 
@user I feel like you'd rate this one a close 2nd to them doing the Beyonce mix.  
"Pretty sure of the 1st like 25 Marvel characters, 2 had capes. Dr. Strange and Thor. And by the way a cape totally works on Dr. Strange." 
"friends is gonna be on Netflix in January, you're welcome" 
The new Moto G may be the best budget phone... again.  #News #TechNews 
@user Oh my gosh that's hilarious - love it! Did you read the one on Steve Jobs? Love the Tuesday reading :) 
wish you happy Holi - 08 March: PUTHUMUGANGAL THEVAI ...: Information about Science & Technology Course... #asematy 
@user Thank you! I will see you tomorrow for more Uncharted banging and Tomb Raider talk :D 
Jr got selected to the pro bowl team and the season not over yet!!!! One more game Saturday than playoffs. 
We can’t possibly say enough good things about both March Fourth Marching Band and Moon Hooch linking up for... 
@user any chance you're gonna be at MetLife when the niners come to jersey n play the Giants in October? 
Lexus may have brought us into the next #transportation era with the new Lexus slide- a flying #Hoverboard 
Happy half way to St. Patty's day!! We are the only people at 7th celebrating... Where is the holiday spirit??? 
I think I may try the Sydney Dalton diet..wish me luck 
I'm honestly really satisfied with my classes except 3rd but it's Gucci 
@user telling why you should trust Harper. Worth the 10 min. to listen. Not after eating, though.#cdnpoli #cdnpoli 
Can Silicon Valley Re-Charge Solar Energy?: Silicon Valley innovators Apple and Google may be the best hope left... 
"Amazing day in Lechlade with everyone, watching the guys act like littles girls when they were in the river and catching a bit of sun :)" 
Wow. Just read a transcript of Shannon Sharpe's NFL hall of fame induction speech. I hope espn replays it again tonight. 
"If Atleti and Valencia tie this game, and we win tomorrow, we'll be 2nd in the league" 
Been a great day! Finished my 20th overall half marathon this morning at Disneyland. #werunsocial #runchat 
@user I know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the North London Derby on Nov 17? I’d be forever grateful 
@user Monday night raw should be good tonight I wonder will sting show up or if Brock Lesnar will be there 
If Barack or Michelle Obama walk the runway during Style tonight or tomorrow life will be complete. That is all. 
"Last saturday I went to see Paper Towns, and this thursday I'm going to see it again with my friends haha really good job Nat! @user 
"Naruto volume 70 from @user  ranks at #7, marking its 8th week on the New York Times Manga Bestsellers" 
"Lord, I pray that you would give Christians (including me) bigger desire for justice. May we cry out to you with more ferventness &amp; urgency!" 
@user that it is a huge deal and omg Zayn went there and was sat next to this Valentino guy like WHOA 
What’s the odds of waking up in shotton on a Sunday morning in a gypsys caravan? Mad night!!!! 
Dave Grohl I may not be in the cities with you singing word for word to Foo Fighters songs right now but I'm there with you in spirit. 
.@guardian leader on "the remorseless drift of David Cameron" in response to refugee crisis 
@user I know, it went from way too far off to here. I’ll see IUPUI at Maryland on Jan 1, just excited to go back to Baltimore lol 
If Joe Biden runs for president, he can count on the kind of union workers he spoke to Monday 
@user Amazon Prime day was success in record sales. beating Black Friday, I got great deals on TV audio. so it's not just tupperware 
Darcis stops the bleeding by winning his 1st game since 1-0 in the first serve. Well, one kind of bleeding because Federer's still leading. 
My love for Maya Rudolph may be borderline obsessive. I just looooove her! 
Best part of Ant-Man is how Hank Pym's treasured photo of his wife covers up her actual face with a large sun hat. 
@user am heading to see the Foo Fighters on Saturday, but if I'm honest, am more excited to see u lot at #Balstock - don't tell my g/f" 
@user @user I'm now seriously tempted to re-read the 1st book and see if Cara fits. I still need to see Paper towns though 
The vine of Chris Pratt on the set of Jurassic World makes me happy, even if I saw it way back in May.... 
RT @user Also back to school special Celebrity Juice on itv2 tonight! Oushhhhh 
@user can you get me back stage for AC/DC on Sept 25th??? 
Making the World Smarter | IBM Commercial Song "This Time Tomorrow" by The Ki 
Holy shit no class til Monday I love you iona!!!!!! 
@user 1.average age of our team is 0.4 years less than yours 2. starting XI contained 4 1st team 3. we can still win the treble 
"May the souls of departed faithful Muslims find solace in the blossom of Allah, may our good deeds put down our evil deeds" 
@user you know, I've only just recently bought my 1st ever pair of Nike! X 
Liam is inspiring when the moon sits in the sky Liam is inspiring when the sun sits in the sky he is inspiring when they switch places too 
@user Managed to get my hands on the PS4 version on Saturday. It exceeds the hype if that's even possible 
I loved U2 last album the song sleep like a baby tonight was my favorite  
Kanye West made waves during Sunday night's MTV Video Music Awards when he capped off his 13-minute acceptance... 
@user I'm 13 my 1st concert was yesterday at the eagles field. I wish i was able to hug you when you were walking back <3 Lexie 
If you haven't seen @user from my husband @user catch it on Amazon Prime starting Sept 5th! 
"Sick!""@SportsCenter: Have a night, Kris Bryant! Watch the Cubs rookie hit his 1st career walk-off home run. #SCtop10 
remember that one time in the 4th grade when i loved The Parent Trap so much that i gave it up for Lent.... 
Kris Bryant with his 1st career walk-off home run #SCtop10 
@user oo I need to get back in to Hannibal! Did season 1 then just kind of stopped. Yar, started last week. You got kids in tomorrow? 
Thanks so much to all of you who came to the Remembrance Service on the 11th. I had a great time and I love... 
"Beyonce, Pearl Jam, Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and more play at the #GlobalCitizen Festival on Sept 26! Spread the word: 
Good Luck to Scouser & Soon to be Klitschko destroyer @user tonight in the Echo against @user - ’12th Career KO Tonight’ 
Come SUPPORT the SHOW/MOVEMENT at Parkdale High School on Oct 26th frm 8-11 w/ AJA, DREAMTEAM, HQB, DSB&HIB. LEAVE THE BULLSHIT AT THE DOOR. 
Fall Lent Season for me. Doing a 40 day fast off of Facebook so I can get closer to God and away from all the havoc. Be back on December 8th 
Yay going to see Blackpool Illuminations on Tuesday with Oli :D 
Will make this day productive...fruitful..and happy :) AJA!! Happy Sunday @user 
I had an amazing day at The Milton Keynes Bowl seeing the Foo Fighters and Iggy Pop and Royal Blood for the 1st... 
"Paper Towns comes out tomorrow and guess who will most definitely be going to see it once again? If you guessed me, you are correct." 
Just really want Dunkin tomorrow 
"Hype park, sun and shopping in london! Today is a good day! :D" 
Delighted with this piece we secured for Hawes and Curtis... 
"Looking forward to seeing plenty of people out tomorrow, who are showing their respects at the Remembrance Service at Leeds Town Hall" 
THE ANTONIO FEIRCE just asked me to got to dunkin w him tomorrow ADLAKSJSKDH 
"Jose Mourinho: """"We want to win the playoff, and if we win tomorrow, that’s best"""" #HalaMadrid" 
"Arsenal fc &amp; 4th position in the EPL, a better love story than Twilight &amp; Titanic!" 
Hungry...again. But then I remembered I work at Dunkin tomorrow and can stuff my face with donuts. Perks or nah 
@user @user and IOS and he said thats it was no longer the 8th he said he Jinxed it and now is going to take longer. 
Is the future finally here? Lexus may have the hoverboard of your dreams ? video  
Job on Eid's 3rd day is fun man 
I like the look of those Dark Souls 3 PC specs. My machine may actually run it! 
WOOHOOO! They have released a list of the sneak peek deals for Amazon Prime Day tomorrow! Cheap Nikon Cameras,... 
@user it’s fab! Spotify is too handy, I’m addicted. You saw Florence and Kasabian then! Saturday I think, all days merged together haha 
Won tix to the advance screening of Carol on Thursday. Cannot wait! Gorgeous-looking LGBT film with the stunningly talent Cate Blanchett! :D 
@user i promise when i get back from Charleston Sunday i promise you we will do something Monday @user @user 
"SO glad that I slept again when my friend phoned me from Gampel for the 2nd time! Now I have """"I know"""" as voicemail on my mobile. #PlaceboGig" 
@user Sam! It’s @user birthday!! May you wish her a happy one, please? ;) 
Jose Aldo and Conor McGregor are set to square off on December 5 at Dallas Cowboys' Stadium. UFC President Dana White revealed he hopes to 
Knowing Me Knowing Yule! Alan Partridge to co-host TFI Friday Christmas special with Chris Evans on Channel 4. Can't wait to see that! A-Ha! 
going to scream and laugh extra loudly tomorrow at Disneyland with starli 
I See Fire plus he looks like my crush!!! I See Fire - Ed Sheeran (Noah Levi) | Finale | SAT.1 via @user 
Purim’s Dancer runs in the 7th @user today. The local goat must be wishing her good luck 
Just watched Sharknado 3 can't wait for the 4th 
Bentley has gone from sat up on the bed to cuddled up fast asleep after his lullaby song 
So the #usa is awesome because all #Republicans are having gay marriages tomorrow!  #freedomofspeech 
December 8 begins the Pope's "year of mercy". 
"If you're having doubts about Ant-Man, just go and see it, you won't be disappointed. He may not be a major character, but the movie is good" 
Can't wait! I'm so happy I can sub on Amazon to see it!  
Last day of our MAX conference here at Twickers with Mark and Eric up presenting the Roadmap after an awesome 1st day yesterday #MAXCC 
@user Come to Book Swap on Thursday. All of Twitter will be there. All the best ones, anyway. 
Lol I have to decide between going on a date Saturday or lsu vs bama game...Hahahaha this is easy GEAUX TIGERS 
"Tarheels gave it a great effort in 2nd half.  Pirates pulled out a big win. Throw down next Sat. and tough one for me, but Go Pirates!!" 
"McKay &amp; Donuts: BIG Tuesday on the show!  Another B95 New Music Tuesday with New stuff from Zac Brown Band,... 
@user come see us play with Heroes For Hire at The Lair on Dec 1st! So many amazing bands are playing, you can't miss it!! :)" 
Living it up in SoCal! First stop, 626 night market, Disneyland tomorrow, and ending with nocturnal wonderland! 
Yeah bro I read about this long time ago! Kojima (Metal Gear Solid) really wanted that series under Nintendo at 1st 
We want this robot to play Nintendo games with us, too (Tomorrow Daily 225) 
Sunday let me clean the whole type of day and do absolutely nothing consists of Frank Ocean songs from A to Z 
After watching the campaign again I have realized that Step Brothers is still the funniest Will Ferrell movie but this one is in 2nd place 
Get the best mascara in the industry here! Im wearing Younique mascara for my big day Saturday if that does not... 
Apple filed its annual 10-K report with the SEC for FY2012 on Wednesday, showing just how much the company has grown. 
sometimes you just need to obnoxiously sing along to mariah carey on a rainy tuesday morning 
@user  Please add Carly Fiorina to the primary debate Sept 16th. Please start interviewing her on CNN she deserves more time on CNN 
Serena may be the best female athlete of all time  
I've got the shitternet tonight... No stream. Hopefully tomorrow will be gucci. Sorry guys! 
"DON'T FORGET: Youth Soccer registration (ages 5-17) is going on now. We are taking registration TODAY , Saturday,... 
I spent my Thursday night going through pictures of Prince George. Love those cheeks! 
Carlo Ancelotti's 5 January targets to make his side even more stronger/Unstoppable! See:  . 
@user @user  Na if they know wa good for them it will be like Ant-man, Mar-Vell would give Carol Danvers the mantle" 
"She did makeup for Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Charlize Theron should we keep going on?  This February 19th &amp;... 
@user thought Ben Affleck played """"schlubby"""" well in Gone Girl, he may give Russell Crowe a run for his money in that dept..." 
Happy 2nd Birthday #PrinceGeorge. Have you got our Prince George badge yet? Give us a call and order your pack today. 
@user You hitting that Com Truise/Bonde Do Role show at the Echo tomorrow? Just entered the last contest I could find, haha. 
Loved hanging out with the people at Invisible Children on monday! So awesome and inspiring! :) @user 
quite enjoying @user on MNF - he looks more at home sat down tho - I don't think he knows what to do with his hands when he's stood up 
EYE am going to the Ed Sheeran concerns and hanging with my mom 
@user i was listening to the remastered version of Thursday but got the original its v gritty like HoB but Rolling Stone is my fav atm 
Haha ayee ! Im goin wit you cosn RT @user Goin to The Raiders Game today. In my Niner Hoodie and Niner Beanie. Wit my Bourdeuxs. 
"So not only is it National Hot Dog Day on Thursday, its also National Tequila Day on Friday!!!! Fancy that..... 
A new favorite: Jason Vernau Live @ SurfComber March 16 th 2012 Miami WMC Pool Party with Robbie Rivera & Friends 
@user I'm pretty sure he still doesn't. The only person with real answers IS JOHN CENA, THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT THE THUNDERDOOOOME @user 
"Zayn, i just wanna see you winning grammy on this very first debute album. C'mon, just introduce a new genre of music called Zop or Zquadom." 
Wishing I could see shawn open for Taylor and see Taylor on the 9th. 
I'm going to bed knowing that there is a possibility that I may wake up to videos and pictures of Zayn performing at the VMA's 
Carine Roitfeld's Paris Fashion Week ball with @user Completely divine... 
the winner of tomorrow's game? JOHN CENA 
I've watched three films this weekend with Anna Kendrick in it and its only Saturday. No regrets. 
Lexus will be fully unveiling it's Slide Hoverboard on August 5th! We're definitely excited to see what other... 
When I was literally about to jump off the edge at MetLife (ignore the 2nd part lol) 
This Friday gunna start my early Christmas shopping  so my son have everything he want come Christmas morning 
Honestly who is trying to go to Kanye West '808's and Heartbreak' at the Hollywood bowl Sept 26??? Looking for accompaniment. 
Happy Birthday Beyonce!!!!!!!!!!!!!! May you have many for royal years of life 
"LOL David Letterman re: hanging crane in NYC """"so what they’re gonna do tomorrow is get @user near it to make it stick upright"""" #amazing" 
Had a great conversation the other day with zach from Bridgestone arena about the Preds game on the 25th see ya there @user @user 
@user @user - St Patricks Day with u guys on #Script3Tour Don't mind which is 1st/last as long as hear the amazin ~I'm Yours 
"Dear friend, throw the wine. I'm in love with a friend of mine. Really truly, young and newly wed. (Paul McCartney ""Dear Friend"")" 
No doubt my mom will either faint or take her top off when she meets Eric Church tomorrow 
It's October 3rd. Ten years since Mean Girls. Aaron Samuels can still get it. 
Also may have purchased a Brock Lesnar and a Bray Wyatt shirt for my trip to #SummerSlam. It's the day before payday &amp; I still have money! 
I’ve always liked the Sun Devils they have great representation on Girls Gone Wild 
"Sun Is Shining" by Bob Marley is now ripping it up on @user #np 
Then the Bee Gees came on...and I had to #Tuesday #TuesdayTestimony 
just #watched Dream High 2 episode 1, I’ll watch it tomorrow for next episode :D .. 
Tomorrow #brownbag #lunch w/ @user info session @user Learn about the Big Brother experience &amp; how you can make an impact. 
Yes it does feel like 106 in the sun. And it happens to be National Ice Cream Day. 
On the beer in Cork tomorrow night then back to Waterford Saturday evenin and out for Ducks birthday.  Looking forward to the weekend #Booze 
WOW. thank you all for coming out to my YouNow and playing MineCraft with me! so much fun. love you all! will broadcast again tomorrow! &lt;3 
That 2 1/2 hours makes the whole Janet Jackson thing seem like CBS Sunday Morning. #VMAs 
codigames:Do you like ARPGs?Dungeon Legends arrive to iOS on September 3rd #gamedev #iphone 
Rehearsal wedding for my cuz @user going on at pro bowl... Big day is TOMORROW! 
"Come join us for Friday night Nirvana @ Red square party center I'm there playing from 7 to 9, come hang with us!! 
"Beatsmiths! The homie @user just dropped his very 1st drum kit for ""FREEEEEE"" (c) Kendrick Lamar. D/L that 
@user Yes. I wld like to see dolls of the novel Fourth Sunday - Gwen, Nat, Briana, Destiny,Camille,Allana @user 
Super Eagles head coach Sunday Oliseh is happy with outcome of the 2018 Fifa World Cup preliminar...  
Happy Birthday Wilt Chamberlain! He may be dead, but was also known for being stiff when he was alive. 
Messi has scored against every South American team, he is just the 4th player to achieve that. 
@user @user yes ga!!! I may not know how to drill, Use the band saw or measure but I can make a cracking castle shaped birdhouse #A* 
I just remembered ’Niggas In Paris’ is a song. DELIGHTED! What a SATURDAY!  #positivetroll 
Can't wait to hear Sam Smith's song for the new 007 film SPECTRE tomorrow 
So glad Shawn has a show Wednesday night if he came to jack and jacks show I would not be on stage 
Christian Ponder may not be a good QB but after reading this it's hard to hate him. #FirstClass 
played Wednesday, outclassed a premier league team tonight by the sounds of it! #SWFC #OperationPTL 
We're howling with our new friends at Swaders Sports Park in Prince George for their 9th birthday celebration!... 
@user went to see WWA film on Saturday mate....... they didnt have it up outside but I took a pic anyway 
"Watched Ant-Man for the 3rd time for free, technically because it's with family. :)))" 
Happy 15th Birthday! You are still the greatest mobile phone ever made. Ladies and gentlemen, the Nokia 3310. 
I'm going to see Paper Towns again tomorrow with a friend yay 
Someone see Snoop Dogg in Syracuse with me tomorrow. 
11 more followers to go! RT/follow for a chance to win a sampler! You may even get to sample the new cigar we are releasing at the IPCPR! 
Batman the #killing joke 1st printing nm 9.4 #joker #cripples barbara gordon! , LINK: 
"All the boys tweeted Liam For the b-day apart from Zayn, C'mon @user WE WANT 4/4 #HappyBirthdayLiam #Ziam 
FYI Friday! Halloween is right around the corner! Keep your pets safe with these helpful tips from ASPCA.... 
Prince George's County was not absent on the list of The  Baltimore Sun's 50 Most Beautiful Places in Maryland!!... 
Rumor is that Apple's big announcement tomorrow is a giant iPad. Please, God -- please let them call it the MaxiPad! #AppleEvent #Apple 
hey it's liv just wanted to say I hope everyone has a great day tomorrow and ash has a good day at school aND NIALL POSTED A SELFIE BYE 
Hey all you Pretty Little Liars Fans! let’s trend #HappyBirthdayTroianBellisario ...Sunday October 28th 
Looking forward to learning about Skype, Minecraft, Sway &amp; more Thurs/Fri at TnT.  Still room for more! #psd70 
"Not only is it Halfway to St. Patty's day, but its also Monday Night Football on the Paddy'O. We hope to see... 
"CNN adjusts GOP debate eligibility such that if the debate were tomorrow, Carly Fiorina would be in." 
"Kanye West is a god, you may never speak ill of Kanye." 
Nice drive Chargers. Rivers and Romo face alot of same criticism from media Romo has the 2nd best passer rating in NFL history #Ignorance 
Since it's free on Amazon Prime, I'm gonna watch Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles now. May the gods have mercy on my soul. 
@user You may like this. Dude from Dashboard Confessional, playing with a band that he started awhile back. 
@user I'm traveling from Penn Station to MetLife on Saturday. I've never taken the NJ Transit before. Can you help me? 
"She looks nice! It says she loves sleeping in on Saturdays, college fb games, not acting her age, and good bbq" "Mar that's Eric Church.." 
I love watching Hillary dance. I think she's doing the Lewinsky with that right hand  
Binge watched Hannibal all night and I may have just checked under my bed for a killer. #adultlife 
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet - Bob Marley - Happy Wednesday. 
@user i’m having king cake for my birthday tomorrow. I can’t wait. It’s the best part of getting older 
Paul dunne joint 1st in open. Brilliant golf from the amateur. #TheOpenChampionship 
Hi @user we're recording a BBC prog at #AfricaUtopia on arts and activism on Fri and hoped you could take part... Can I DM details? 
@user Happy 2nd Birthday  Prince George. Have a great day. Sinead  cork city ireland 
Box Office: Ant-Man avoids a Trainwreck with $22.6 million Friday for no. 1 ... - HitFix 
Lots of artists in and out today stocking up for tonight's Late Night Shopping in Haltwhistle. Glad to see the sun out! See you later. 
@user Good morning Gavin! Welcome to my country. Have a good time in Gampel. Sorry can’t make it tonight but will see you Monday :) 
@user @user @user @user @user You're a better dancer than Michael Jackson.  C"mon, spill the beans 
Mark Cuban: Apple TV Is a Pipe Dream And why the HDNet founder thinks that may be a good thing (Mike Shields/Adweek) - 
Can Channing Tatum be a stripper again just for me on my 18th Birthday?! ;) 
@user Its been a good year for you """"@TV_Exposed: Every episode of Friends is coming to Netflix on January 1st 
"Everyone is at different levels but you will always find something, even the tiniest thing in Islam that a family member who may not be" 
JUST ANNOUNCED! Knollwood &amp; Labatt's have teamed up for the 1st Annual Michelob Open on Wednesday July 11th @ The New Course! 
"Go Set a Watchman (the sequel to ""To Kill a Mockingbird"") hits the bookshelves tomorrow!!!!! #hype #turnt" 
May our hearts be full like our drinks tonight #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga 
Thunderbolt and lightning may have been very very frightening for Queen but it is very very exciting for me... 
Lucky shops are coming to NYC!: The sale of the season hosted by Lucky Magazine with Grammy winner Jennifer Hudson, starts November 1... 
We're excited that Bernie Sanders will be visiting CD5 for the 2nd time since declaring. He'll be at Winthrop on Sept 12. 
At midnight on a Friday night I just realised Melissa McCarthy is the adorable friend on Gilmore Girls...mind blown. 
"Tickets are still available for Prom of the Living Dead, Friday Night, at Center Stage - The Loft - Vinyl!... 
"Just for clarification, Spock is referring to time travel in that quote, it which might be possible by Gingrich's 16th year in office." 
@user i hope you start on Saturday , no coincidence our best performances of the season Vs Swansea & NUFC you started. #AVFC #UTV 
"There's lots to do this weekend! The Polish Festival, the Taste of Melbourne &amp; more #weekender" 
This time tomorrow I will be at Alexandra Palace seeing Jack White live for the second time in the last two months:D 
Frankie Edgar shows Chad Mendes and Dana White that he deserves a title shot:  
Netflix?? RT @user I'm watching the ORIGINAL X-Men cartoons I used to watch on Saturday Mornings....#throwback #iamhappyagain 
@user I MISS YOU AND I BETTER GET A JUGE KISS AND HUG TOMORROW NIGHT (because you WILL BE at joe’s :)) 
Ice Cube son and @user to do an our generation Friday would be the DOPEST thing ever!!! 
Back on the road again....heading to Denmark. Tomorrow we rock Roskilde Festival alongside one of my favorite... 
I bought Twilight again bc I lost my old copy and I'm uncool and lame and enjoy it just as much as when I read it in 7th grade 
"Kim Kardashian may be trashy, but she sure as hell is a very smart businesswoman." 
Howay Newcastle beat the Mackems and then we can do them over next Tuesday! #NUFC #MFC 
Would be nice 2 c Pirlo score from one of those amazing FK and Balotelli get on the field 2 day for Milan that would be a good Saturday 
Another Iron Maiden beer out? This may mean another review is on the way 
@user SO its @user punk vs u at royal rumble may the best man win... 
@user @user Bought my 1st ever single at woolies. 99p Iron Maiden, Number of the Beast. Still got it." 
"you gonna be okay with me gone another night? ""yea I'm throwing a huge party"" ""really!"" ""no I'm watching a nirvana movie for the 3rd time""" 
Fashion is Serena's 2nd love, she has a collection of handbags &amp; jewelry called Signature Statement &amp; is sold only on Home Shopping Network 
What is it with female politicians?  Carly Fiorina (who I absolutely adore) was the darling of the Sunday shows... 
My thoughts and prayers are with my @user comrade Frank Gifford and his family.  May our #NFL great rest in paradise. 
@user is it true we can go to the CNE for free with a concert tix? Going to Zac Brown Band Sept 4. 
It’s all about REPTILES THIS Saturday, November 3rd!  Meet Animal Planet’s GATOR BOYS, enjoy live venomous... 
"Been listening to Sam smith in my sleep for the past 2 hours now I'm getting steak for my dinner, can Sunday's get any better?" 
Radio City will always be one of the most speical shows the Jonas Fans will remember..it was the 1st show we had our boys back together 
Good luck to the football development programme players in there 1st game against Chelsea @user @user @user #afcb 
I rented Sherlock 2 and Ghost Rider 2 this last friday! They were both good! I rented Journey 2 last night! It had a really cute guy in it!! 
@user Haha!! Well keep going, my hubby gave up on Ash Wed in ’96 & has never looked back. 
"Sunday Night Concert in the Park! Eagles cover band, pretty good! 
@user yea got bk yesterday!! We'll figure sum out!! Me, you, pooh, & DEXTER lol :)" 
to all going to cardiff for barbarians game tomorrow- have fun jammy buggers..c'mon hogia ni 
She is the perfect theme song for a homie out on saturday night with a bottle of Rohypnol 
Frank Gifford still has the most TD's (78) in @user history. He is 8th in rushing yds &amp; 2nd in receiving yds. Also 20th in TD passes (14). 
@user Looking forward to the Colts game on Sunday! Beat the Bengals! Haha! Anyways, have a great day and I'll TYYL! :-)) XOXO" 
I like Fridays bc i get paid &amp; i go to Dunkin in the morning &amp; get powdered doughnuts :)) but tmrw is Thursday :( 
There's a Juventus party tonight and you're all invited! Happy 4th birthday,#JStadium! #UNESCOCup #ForzaJuve 
I might see Justin bieber in concert for the 3rd time and I'm so happy 
Louis was so cute when he was sat next to Niall at the last concert and he kept making him laugh and was all giggly with him 
Dustin Johnson is the best Thursday golfer on tour 
Looks like Apple exec @user just confirmed we'll be seeing some big screen news today #AppleEvent 
Should probably get to bed early. Big day tomorrow. National Hot Dog Day. 
Pretty good Thursday night with @user If only Rivers would stop sucking so bad! # @ Qualcomm Stadium 
#Barca Did Florentino Perez make the schedule in La Liga? Barca's 1st 4 away games all against top 8 teams; RM plays Sevilla &amp; 3 creampuffs. 
Just finished a great photo/video shoot for a Nuit Blanche fashion exhibit. It'll be on display at the Pantages hotel on October 1st. 
@user @user Deadpool the game coming to PS4 and Xbox One in november ""Awesome"" :)" 
Vice President Biden, who is contemplating a 2016 presidential bid, on Monday kicked off a Labor Day parade in Pittsburgh with a fiery, 
@user @user true re family backgrounds, which brings us to the lessons of Tia Sharp & Social Services etc. April's dad?" 
@user just sat in with King Cake. Fun times! 
"Finally Friday!!!! Let's make it through the day, see @user compete for Miss Teen USA tonight, then bridesmaids dress shopping tomorrow!" 
@user we're your 5th follower!!!! We loved you tonight at Monteys!!!!!  Thanks for Ed Sheeran twice!!! Xoxo come to saint John!! 
"""""Tomorrow"""" by The Winans is on my heart so heavy this morning... Wonder who needs to hear it!" 
Sunday night can't come soon enough I'm excited already I hope our new players understand the importance of the milan derby @user #FCIM 
It just hit me that I'm seeing Eric Church acoustic in Nashville tomorrow. #Chief 
#Sport - Floyd Mayweather puts in more hard work and dedication ahead of September fight before posing with a... 
@user Hi,sorry but can u rt this? It means the world to me I really hope that Niall will notice me for my bday 
We will have the lovely Kerry from ACTIDERM here on Friday morning to showcase some of her fabulous products... 
If you take me to IHOP tomorrow morning I'll give you my soul 
Listening to Kim Soo Hyun’s OST for Moon-Sun and thinking about how I’m gonna see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow :D 
Ice cube son and Dc Young Fly should make a Friday I wanna see the outcome 
Monday mornings are a little more bearable with Zac Brown Band 
Classes tomorrow... Have you ever wanted to try Pilates or Yoga?  Great exercises for both mind and body.... 
@user @user @user Naruto ended made me love it again ha ha DBZ is great I may do OP when it finishes 
Ahh drivers ed was good today but 7 on 7 tonite at Elon University ! > .. Tomorrow Wet n Wild with the baby after class <3 
@user @user Lauren, sweetheart, how was your day on this wonderful Thursday? :).....that better -.- 
@user  Hope you are watching Paul Dunne from Dublin make his mark on the Brittish Open!  Big day tomorrow! 
@user let it be known that on this day the first of september in the year of 2015 i have bentley's approval 
@user &amp; what if by g eazy, and  black Friday by Kendrick, and dark time the weeknd" 
Going to watch Connor run the 4x100m relay in State Athletics Championships at Olympic Park tomorrow. Wishing him luck!! #runforrestrun 
May your journey be peaceful Frank Gifford as you move to the light. Sending prayers of comfort and adjustment to... 
@user Been trying to decide on a new show to watch & always get tons of Sons of Anarchy suggestions. I may go 4 it. Have a blessed day 
@user follow @user and meet her on NOVEMBER 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. She’ll be at the bell center at 4!. 
@user yes.exactly,i want baeksoo too but kyungsoo too bz with movie maybe baekhyun 1st?keke.Jongin&amp;Soojung at Gucci event tonight" 
"The Hub channel is it is f'ing awesome! Thurs night lineup from 12 am on: Transformers, GI Joe, New Batman, Alf! I dont want to sleep!" 
"Getting ready for church, if anybody in Dallas wants to go lemme know,then BINGO tonight to win another $750.00. Sam Smith concert tomorrow!" 
David Bowie Is: sold out on December 28th and 29th! There are no tickets available anymore at the cash register for today and tomorrow. 
Wise words of Kristin Chenoweth: knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing you’ll ever learn 
"If we have a chance to make vocal track with the International singer, that person will be Frank Ocean. Happy Friday everyone ! #DreamBig" 
Barbie's belated Fashion chat from Paris Fashion Week will go up on the blog tomorrow. It's as hilarious as Karl's new hula hoop IT bag. ;-) 
They don't have a 1st Amendment in Israel. So it's perfectly legal! 
Red Wolves hoops picked to finish second in their Sun Belt division. I want to believe. I want to believe. I want to believe. 
"happy hour time with my favorite coworker/genius is here! after wine she is going to symphony and me to art park 1st friday,life is not bad" 
Man Crush Monday (For my lady tweeps as they asked for it!) - Chris Evans @user 
#THSK7thanniversary The 1st song bring me to THSK and made me become a Cassie is Why did I fall in love with you? 
Is it me or Celine Dion and Caitlyn Jenner look alike?   Yep! This is my kind of Sunday's question. Ok! I'm gone! 
On 9/18/2007, John Anthony Zacchara arrived in Port Charles in the form of @user !  Everybody go wish him a Happy 5th Anniv on #GH! 
July 19th... Best. Day. Ever. Happy National Ice Cream Day! Can you spot the five different things in these images? 
I remember in the 6th grade Dylan and I could sing every word to Kanye West's Heartless 
After 61 days so far, on saturday i will finally see this guy again. Come home safe Batman, i love you. 
Good afternoon! Let's make friends with coffee after this tiring Friday! 
"Tomorrow on @user Ohio Gov John Kasich, one of the 16 Republicans running for president. On Point airs weekdays, 10am-noon on WYSO." 
"#judge jeanine, I agree with you that Carly Fiorina belongs in the top candidates. In fact, she may be the best of the bunch" 
Receiving an email from BAM in which Ice Cube and Ingrid Bergman were uttered in the same breath may have just made my day. 
Happy Saturday! Having a good time with the family, we just ate breakfast at IHOP, was delicious.#FCD:-) 
watching Kung Fu Panda 2 with the tribe & the nieces...a mellow evening 
So after watching Straight Outta Compton (which was amazing) Ice Cube may have had one of the best diss tracks of all time! Lol 
Massimo is showing me every John Cena memes under the sun 
Yes! Vampire Diaries is about to Start! It is my favorite thing about Thursday! @user #vampirediariesseason6 #delenaforever 
"Morning All, Lovely rainy day in Scotland yet again. Back to watching @user live stream #indieweekend and see what going on today =D" 
"Seriously though, you guys have National Ice Cream Day? That's soooo Coool 
#llvm 3.7 is the 2nd release to incorporate contributions from my team at @user Congrats to all involved! :) 
may or may not have just found my old iPod w/ JB, Mariah Carey, &amp; Kelly Clarkson on it 
Someone go see Jurassic World with me tomorrow. You pick the time. Going to Colonnade. 
@user it was a pleasure to meet U at James Beard American restaurant in Milan last thursday with Anthony! 
Patriots Extend Lead, Cruise into 4th with 38-7 Lead - Pats Pulpit: The Patriots extended their lead in the 3rd ... 
@user I have English tomorrow but it honestly doesn’t bother me for some reason. Rella always makes my day. Don’t ask 
Scott Walker says his actions covered everyone in poverty with Medicaid for first time ever. PolitiFact: Mostly True 
im happy 1st i have the same b-day as chris jericho 2nd i just figured out rybacks birthday is one day after mine!! 
@user On the way to Cornwall listening to you. By the way it is Mothering Sunday officially. Love the music so far 
You may have seen them from Nike Soccer, but now you can have them from Soccer Stop NC! Nike has again innovated... 
Last day of being 30 today. Although some Arsenal fans would have had me at 31 the day after my 30th birthday... 
"Janet Jackson will be in the Queen City on Friday, September 18th at the PNC Music Pavilion! Are you ready?" 
"do I want to go and see James Bay March 29th and then The Vamps April 1st? Well, yeah actually.." 
@user Looking fwd to watching it sometime soon in BKK. :-) have a super friday and weekend ahead! Lotsa love :D 
@user I agree with you re: Tomb Raider box art. May be an encouraging sign? Too early to tell. But still, classy. 
@user yeah I no but on the bright side I just got a letter from Boise State yesterday :) 
"May the Billions Be With You... Lucas Sells Out or Cashes In?: LOS ANGELES, Calif. - In one of the biggest surprise... 
Josh and I got his dad addicted to Naruto. We showed it to him Friday night and he's on already on episode 32 
Working Sunday's in wall with no Dunkin is not going to be fun 
I should be getting into bed, I am however instead looking through my iPod for songs I might want to pole to.  I may be addicted. 
Lance Dehm Racing qualified 11th of 130 cars at the UMP Fall Nationals hosted at Eldora Speedway. Click here for photos 
Bold prediction: Cowboys will beat the Falcons Sunday night! #CowboysNation 
#Abs! #Dancing! #Dudes! Get along to MAGIC MIKE XXL at the @user this Thursday at 7.30pm 
"Hearing a few tracks from Sam Smith. He may work out singing the new Bond 007 ""Spectre"" song. May be a good choice for vocal." 
I think I got a date with my boo Irene tonight...ima have to change her name to Hercules she so strong...lol 
Sharing a bed way Niall on a Sunday morning being told of the pish I spoke last night 
"I hope I see that cute boi with the nirvana shirt, tomorrow" 
Messi may be the best player in the world but Chicharito is the best player in the universe #ChichaDios @user 
Pizza for dinner and watching Jurassic World. Pretty good way to spend a Friday night if you ask me 
"Tomorrow will know the nominees from 'Phoenix Film Critics Society', hopefuly 'TIHTY' gets a nomination #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
Oracle take their 2nd win of the day... @user  #BringTheCupHome 
@user Only my 3rd tweet ever &amp; it's to you. At 20:45 in GoTG, is that Chris Evans as Nova Security?" 
Happy Valentines Day? o.o say what? Is it Feb 14th already? 
WISCTV_News3: Pope's marriage annulment changes expected to make church more inclusive #news3  
Don't miss Splash Dance the nighttime pool party @user tomorrow w/ @user !! 
I'm really bored guys idk if you can tell I'm gonna have a Netflix marathon tomorrow suggest things I could watch 
Dhoni's 1st ball leave must make even Rahul Dravid proud. #IndvsAus 
It's almost 10pm and school is tomorrow so I should probs go to bed but I'm just going to listen to Kanye West all night 
Good night everyone! Much needed rest for me. Tomorrow off to Oslo!! Playing at the Oslo World Music fest at Park Teatrett. 
@user Best year ever it will be! I am tossing the idea of Hawaii around for mid jan to mid feb. but California dreaming for suuure 
"Casillas: """"When Ancelotti told me that I will play the """"Cups"""", I thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well.""""" 
@user @user I'm literally listening to Calibraska the 22nd time in a row no joke 
Just did Spartacus 2.0 and sauna...imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it 
Oh wow... So now we may have Seth Rollins vs. Sting for the WWE Championship title? #WWE #RAW #SmackDown 
Had a very interesting day! LOVED SIr Paul McCartney Live at #Lollapalooza thanks to a friend's link on Facebook!  Night! Cya tomorrow! 
Words cannot express how pumped I am for the Foo Fighters on the 19th 
Goin to the East playoff game tomorrow.:) 
"Ed Sheeran s ""X"" returns to the top of the World Album Charts for the 3rd time 
Good work tonight boys. Wish I could have been out there. Let’s take Bob Jones Monday and get some momentum for regionals. #ttums 
"Passionate about CNIS' work, be a rep at Ten Thousand Villages in your hometown on Mar 8 - Saint John 116 Princess Street" 
chilllllin like a villian! Orono bound tomorrow with the best to be with the best! @user @user #xoxoxo #love&cuddles 
"How fucking awesome are the French??? Defiant after Charlie Hebdo. Resilient after #ParisAttacks . Now, creative for climate change march &lt;3" 
Im just so happy that Zayn is fully living his thotty dteams on this Tuesday morning. Also my hamgover is mild. #Blessed 
I remember when we were in like 7th or 8th grade and Taylor called me legit crying bc she loved Justin Bieber so much lmao 
@user Happy birthday for tomorrow! May you get the naked Seth Rollins you've always wanted ;) 
"It's STAR WARS DAY!!!  Ok technically it's tomorrow at 00:05, but when I next go to bed, a new Star Wars movie... 
@user @user Kpop is a whole music genre. It's actually very popular.You may not know what it is, but tons of other people do" 
"RIP Frank Gifford. Growing up in the '80, watching him on Monday Night Football. He was an NFL institution." 
"Bagged some tickets for The Libertines @ the 02 Acad this Sunday , then I've the Scotland v Germany game Monday then Foo Fighters Tuesday!" 
@user I’m still at my school, stayed in the 6th form. But I see you got into the Brits!! Congrats Iil bro I’m proud :’) 
HISTORY - Cristiano Ronaldo is the 1st player in Real Madrid's history to score 14+ braces in a European competition. 
Orange horizon when the sun is coming up but dark eerie sky? Welcome to Raccoon City 
Photo: Blue Friday! I get to wear jeans to work and the Colts are playing tonight!! Woohoo!! Go Colts!!!!... LLLINKKK 
@user I totally just squealed seeing the ABC Sunday promo on tv. THE CHARMINGS! ALL THE FEELS, I HAVE THEM!" 
Friday tunes!!!! Best band in the world is Iron Maiden =P  #PS4share 
I miss the 1st season of AHS 
So lucky that I’m off college Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday next week when I’m going watching Evanescence on Tuesday night :D 
National Bieber Day in all the countries<3 
Really hope Paul Dunne has a good day tomorrow. Fantastic player and great guy whatever happens tomorrow to lead the open is awesome! 
I have the most amazing dreams... I was at the gym doing lungNsquats!  Justin woke me up on my 3rd set-.- lmao 
I miss Barca and I'm very happy the match is tomorrow 
"cheesy as it may sound, I will never be able to thank One Direction (with Zayn) enough for everything they've done &amp; how they saved my life." 
Heavy morning traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge at 6 am. I just want to say... I love New York City. 
Workin on my music as we speak.. gonna be a reall treat for those show at the Maverik Center July 25th 2013 xx 
Islam make her really special. In Quran there is a special chapter with her name as the Surah. May peace be with her 
Meal and annabelle tonight then hull fair tomorrow! This could be a good weekend! 
Tomorrow is my return to PCA basketball!!! Good to be back with @user @user again!! 
Carlos Cuellar, Louis Saha, Adam Johnson AND Steven Fletcher? They may have had the best summer besides Chelsea. 
"Jimmy G buckets gets buckets!!! Bulls down 20pts in 4th, Jimmy with 20pts in the 4th #clutch" 
@user Eric Church opening the brand new venue downtown tonight and tomorrow. Tomorrow Dolly at Ryman. Shania at Bridgestone. Insanity 
@user i'm coming to see you you at Westfield Parramatta on Saturday!! SOOOO EXCITED!!! xxx 
"THE HOBBIT TRILOGY may have been flawed, but Ian McKellan and Cate Blanchett are friends now, so it was all worth it." 
Chick in my class said Flacco is the best QB in the league. 1- why is a chick talkin football. 2. I cant wait for class tomorrow lol 
Awesome ending to Raw tonight! SummerSlam is gonna be amazing! 
Watching Twilight this lovely morning and wondering-  why couldn't the prods leave everyone's hair alone?? It was so much nicer! 
goodnight I'll tweet more pictures tomorrow from MetLife oh by the way I love this boy SO MUCH 
This Sunday @ City Nightclub in Toronto... Last night open.. Clubs gonna be ram up! See you there? 
"It may not be the right fit for everyone, but PrEP therapy can prevent the spread of HIV, read here: #HIVPrevention" 
I like this outfit so much I want to wear it tomorrow instead of dressing up for America Day. 
Thanks everybody for the bday wishes!! Gonna have a big celebration tomorrow at Ostend!!!  CHERRY MOON RETRO... 
i dont care bout 20/20 tour's dvd at this point coz HBO's gonna broadcast U2's show in november and that's all i want 
Hot yoga was intense tonight. Hope I can handle the power vinyasa class on Friday. Eeek 
"Who wants a free $20 gift certificate? Come in tomorrow 7/23 for NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY, and for every $5 you spend... 
@user I'm backing the Bianconeri to go one further in the final &amp; win the #UCL on home soil in Milan in May. Pogba-inspired Juve! 
Settled in. Coffee in hand. Docs open. @user on. Let the morning begin #Friday #morning #work #officethings #cbc 
CW Network Aug 30th Check Nelly on his nee show..... I have friends involved on that show..Check it Out let me know what u think 
Wow strong 20 hour cast of Dark Souls. The zwei addiction is real! I'll be back at it tomorrow evening probably after another DaS dream lol 
Earl tomorrow then Kendrick the day after!!!!!' CANT HANDLE 
@user @user Love first Friday of the month! Is this your last arraignment day Lou? Newsworthy list to finish with if so! 
How to watch Federer and Murray on Tuesday at the 2015 US Open: Roger Federer will begin his 2015 US Open on T... 
Catch me at oracle on december 5th for the Weeknd/Travi$ 
Chris Jericho’s @user have just announced The VooDoos & Eazy Tiger as support for their show at @user on Sat Nov 30th! 
@user mistakes? C'mon Kenny!! ;)" 
"Cowboys and Jets on one channel, Family Guy spoof of Return of the Jedi on another...it's a good night for TV!" 
Okinawa concert is going to air on 1 nov. Hope someone will record it. I would love to see seunggi & shinhye :) 
Next Friday is the Hurstbridge Village Twilight Family Fun night. Come down and enjoy lots of free entertainment... 
@user , saw you in glasgow, loveeedd #dropdeadgorgeous  please notice me , RT/follow, would mean loads if i got a follow xx" 
This is all time greatest and why we all luv and hate Kanye west but he is a human that keeps the world alive #YE  
Tomorrow's national hot dog day apparently. I'm excited. 
Omlis Releases Secure Enterprise Security Technology with IBM: NEWCASTLE, England, Sep 01... #thewebfix #security 
"To be honest, I just can't wait for Frank Ocean on Saturday" 
Let's see... VaTech/OSU tonight AC/DC tomorrow night NFL kicks off Thursday 5:00 a.m. alarms every morning #startschoolyearoffwithnosleep! 
but today is one direction's 5th anniversary  sharknado 3 is coming and cory tweeted about sharknado and makes me wanna cry im so emotional 
@user with those winnings u can play Chesters shot games tomorrow. 
Your #Saturday #Satisfaction with Beyonce - Irreplaceable (Irreemplazable) #zaterdag #samedi 
Can it be Sunday already. I can't wait to see Cam Newton destroy the Packers. Sorry @user  lol 
Carly Fiorina may be moving up to the main debate stage thanks to this @user change 
Seriously the boys worked so hard on de album &there’s a leak again? I’m gonna wait since the album preview on itunes on monday.worth d wait 
Can you write me two tickets to the U2 concert at the garden Friday night? I love U2 
"It's lookin up for the NFL! According to ESPN's Chris Mortensen, locked out officials may soon be back on the field." 
got to rockdale today and going back to houston tomorrow THANK GOD! 
"Ant-Man was high on my list to see, but didn't get the chance until Tues night. It was such a fun movie! Ant-man v Falcon...classic!" 
@user good luck for saturday pal, can’t wait to see you fight against what i assume will be devon alexander. 
"National Ice Cream Day is Sunday - yes, there's a day for everything. Start your weekend off with a healthy... 
Listening to Ni**as In Paris [Explicit] by Jay Z and Kanye HAPPY 1st birthday to the throne 
Milan may go back for Porto midfielder Gianelli Imbula. they will try acquire him on loan with option to buy. [#TMW] 
Currently celebrating the 20th anniversary of Clueless and National Ice Cream Day. Be still my heart! 
hoping the Packers can beat Panthers on sunday! 
just found out that the boys will be on ellen on november 9th... AHHH so happy :’) 
@user how did I miss you at The Kee on Tues? We all missed you at @user """"Dockside Glow"""" in Muskoka. Congrats on new line!" 
Come celebrate National Hot Dog Day tomorrow with us at #spsmarket and get a $1.00 off any of our hot dogs all... 
"I'm definitely going bum status tomorrow! Graphic Tee, Gym Shorts, Toms, and a Cardigan!" 
Did you know that Sunday is National Ice Cream Day? Make sure to grab a scoop to celebrate! #NationalIceCreamDay 
@user please stop by Cincinnati fire engine 3 at 329 east 9th after your show! Everyday At the firehouse revolves around Seinfeld! 
"PJ Harvey HAS to win, nobody deserves it more, the new album was amazing! 
Dude I'm with just won Tim McGraw tickets for tomorrow on our way to Eric Church 
#IKnowImNotTheOnlyOne Sam Smith... homie... playa... you are giving me Tuesday morning DEEPNESS level 8 yoh  #KeepingMyShizzTogether 
Madison Bumgarner just hit a bomb. His 3rd homer of the season. Other people with 3 this season: Matt Holliday Josh Hamilton Jon Luccroy 
#ImNotSuperstitiousBut I have to watch Sharknado tonight and Sharknado 2 and the premiere of Sharknado 3 tomorrow. #SyFy 
@user @user I can't wait for Raw tomorrow. Seth Rollins is going to ask for a statue and he deserves it! HE IS THE FUTURE!! :) 
"#ICanHonestlySay #Dexter is such a good show, I may order Showtime just because of it." 
I'm so excited for tomorrow's stream! I say we play Batman all day then do some viewer games after :D should be a juicy one. 
@user @user @user Don't you just love them to pieces?!?! Murray is my 3rd. I can only handle one at a time tho. lol 
I am thankful for @user for pointing out how all the animals in the shop sat up when Thor strided in there!!!! ROFL #Thor 
"If you want to buy a new phone, Go for Moto G (3rd Gen) now to get exciting offers. #MotoG" 
@user Ant-Man is in cinemas this weekend and we have goodies to giveaway. See @user tomorrow (August 1) for all the deets 
I'll be sending off Summer and HANNIBAL tomorrow. It'll be a bittersweet day. 
Can't wait to see you beautiful people @user at the extra show of Jurassic Park thurs 27th 11pm #edfringe! xx 
Don't forget to check out the Polish Festival on Roncesvalles this weekend - we'll be screening Polish shorts from 2-4pm Sat/Sun! 
Big day tomorrow. It’s donut Friday, @user is buying.  First day of practice and Mitt’s rally. 
RT @user my mom just told me she's getting an Ipad 2 on Friday....I better get a Mac for Christmas. 
Don't get me wrong I'm excited to see Jason Aldean on Friday but MAN do I wish it were Kenny again. #noshoesnation @user 
@user  Make Sure you tune into @user On tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm, Special Guest Young Savage 
TRIFECTA! this friday get off your butt and come out to Halls to show some support as volleyball, soccer, and football take down the devils! 
U saw it here 1st Welcome to Miami! Ice Cube and Kevin Hart are back in #RideAlong2. See the brand new trailer here. 
"""""@HoesHateVeziaa_: Im sooo glad we dont have school monday , Imaaa sleep all day man .""""we don’t!!?????" 
"We consulted only time enjoyed the last time to Justin Bieber, than they may comparatively cold ham and the arrival of a" 
@user Will miss ya on the Red Carpet tomorrow!! #Nashville 
"Gr8 game, if you're into this gamestyle. Broken Sword 5: The Serpent's Curse will haunt PS4 and Xbox One September 8 
Paul McCartney shared official video of his sweet Lollapalooza encore with Brittany Howard 
Mamedyarov beats Nakamura in the 7th round of the London Grand Prix. What a game! 
@user I had Vick and Flacco, needed an upgrade.  Vick may get benched, Jennings a back up again soon. I thought it was a win for me. 
"A Good night for the @user boys tonight! Welbeck scored, Chamberlain played well and Chambers made his 1st start! #Arsenal #EnglishCore" 
"ME3's multiplayer has totally sucked me back in thanks to Tuesday's update. Brilliant DLC, even before you factor in that it's free." 
twitters you checkout this new show next Saturday at 8 pm on thw CW Network great cast and funny man @user 
I'm going back to Richard Bland in January :) 
*whispers* Ric Flair is at least a seventeen time World Champion. John Cena won't tie him if he wins on Sunday. 
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would still go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. - Martin Luther King Jr. 
@user I find that Kendrick Lamar is good to listen to when you're out on a Friday night driving for Uber. 'Sing About Me' is a cut! 
@user you did an amazing job.....Can u fly to Indiana and sing to me for my birthday tomorrow 
September 8: Justin on the set of Ellen in New York.#WhatDoYouMean #EllenInNYC #WeLoveYouJustin #Boo 
Kris Bryant 2nd homerun of the game #KBoom !!! 
"Kendrick may be the best rapper ever tho lol. flow, lyrical content. the whole 100 yards." 
Christmas may be over but it's never too late to buy ya girl some Justin Bieber tickets:))) 
"Fixed the UI, Shadow Performance, audio issues on PS4. Testing today &amp; tomorrow then submitting patch tomorrow if everything works :)" 
I got Justin Bieber tickets for Christmas I'm crying I have wanted this since the 7th grade 
"July 19th is National Ice Cream Day When you get the urge for a snack on a hot, humid summer night, what's (cont) 
@user needs vols this Sat. @ UCLA. Email info@readingtokids.org if you can help. Free lunch for full day! 
My Ye'eh is coming down from Prince George tomorrow!! (Grandfather)  I hope. Let's see if he sticks to his words this time. 
Apple product launch at 6pm UK time. I will race home to watch, get caught up in the hype, then calm down tomorrow and buy nothing. 
@user Just remember, I'll be picking out my new iPad for you to buy me tomorrow. 
Can't beat it. Friday night, no kids, a few beers, listening to Taylor Swift....no, wait! I meant AC/DC. Motorhead! 
The dance parties at the Boys and Girls Club are the closest I’ve been to clubbing. And some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me 
This was probably the best Rowdy Roddy Piper thing ever - living in Alcatraz before fighting Hulk Hogan via 
Big Day in the sun now a Big Night in the heat with @user #poppinbottles 
Finally the International break is over  Real Madrid returns this Saturday in La Liga against Espanyol at 16:00 CET!  #HalaMadrid 
Magic Mike XXL is going to be hilarious tomorrow @user 
Moto G 2nd Gen 16 GB (Black / White) at Rs.8099 - Motorola in association Flipkart is back again with a bang where... 
.@CrashburnAlley Nice piece. I think I may have written one of the longest defenses of Kenny Lofton's HOF case: 
@user Good to see you at York today! I'll be praying for you on the 19th, & give you a shout out on your other special date!" 
I hope Niall's day was better than the other day.hope tomorrow goes good also 
"I may have just left my dad to watch Naruto alone, while I go to sleep. Im@highly amused." 
Kind of excited to get back to the home state when we race with the Outlaws on September 21st at Eldora Speedway! 
"Best email of the day: Amazon informed me my copy of ""Go Set a Watchman"" will be here TOMORROW! YAY! 2 days earlier to literary heaven!" 
Looking forward to playing w/SF Contemporary Music Players tomorrow at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts! What a fantastic group of musicians! 
Women's Super League: Chelsea close in on title with win against Notts County 
#Offline Goodnight my Sharknado followers love you all back tomorrow remember #AprilLives 
watching Paper Towns today for the 1st time yaaay 
If you struggle reconciling total and implicit faith in a God you’ve never seen you may not want to miss this weekend at NLC. NO FEAR Part 3 
Answer: Moi. Question: Who's seeing Serena play in the semifinals on Thursday? 
Federer just won his 15th straight point on his serve... Lol wow 
@user Wrong! Amazing show. Won the Golden Globe in January. Sorry son! 
Only looking forward to Kanye's performance at the VMA's tomorrow! Heard he's bringing out Rih, Bey, Jay-z &amp; Paul McCarthy 
Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 coming to Sprint with LTE on November 11th: Good news for Sprint customers in the mark... #Mobile 
"Hey fam just quick view of Janet Jackson's 1st performance from her Unbreakable tour since her ""retirement""!... 
5th grade IRA projects on display during the first night of P/T conferences! #GreatWork 
@user I want Justin Bieber tickets, my birthday is May 18 and he's coming may 10 and 11 to Boston" 
"1st Giroud, now Kane, lol what a funny day #TOTEVE #Spurs #Everton" 
Morning Twitter! Is your main SEO aim to be 1st on Google's search results? You're probably missing the point of SEO! 
Alright Godzilla then X-Men then Equalizer. Ill just have to blow one between everu movie to stay awake but im off tomorrow 
"FYF Festival: Hey frank, you excited to perform this Friday?   Frank Ocean: new phone, who dis" 
@user @user in muslim countries like saudi arabia and iran they are sung with respect. law should be obeyed.they may go where not. 
I just remembered I saw Sam smith on Friday and I want to cry bc I miss him :(( 
#ClearTheShelters this Saturday August 15th at Prince George's County Animal Shelter! Hope to see you there!! 
Gucci gob spiritual being promise august nurse the dyad yours being friendly relations procural unto functiona... 
@user Great! All down to hard work of SAGG and others. Getting increasing reports of reds in Haltwhistle too. Long may it continue! 
Happy Wednesday!!! I have signed up with Younique and am now part of an awesome team of people and an amazing... 
News Alarm: David Wright (3B - NYM) David Wright (hamstring) is upgraded to probable for Monday's game against the Phillies. 
Cate Blanchett is excellent in the movie 'Carol'. Great @user piece in sunday styles.  She pulls it off perfectly. 
@user Hulu you say? This and Seinfeld alone may be worth reactivating my subscription 
@user I'm hoping to win the Apple Watch. I know you draw tomorrow. Please pick my name. #USANAUnited 
@user @user Justin is a good guy right at the start. Good guys always Win in the end. Justin, I support u and may God guide u 
. @user may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band. Can’t wait to see them again at Soundwave 
I have 1 Chris Brown concert tickets for sale for this Thursday. It's a lawn seats so let me know if you're interested. 
@user @user Rod - Fleetwood Mac have just given me a subliminal message to pass on to you - don't stop thinking about tomorrow... 
Hung out with my housemate more (she’s awesome!), went to Crows Nest festival, celebrated my dogs 5th birthday (love you Diesel Bean!) ... 
Carnival Tomorrow. I'll make sure to take pictures:) 
Thank you to my baby for men that are willing to risk their lifes for us HAPPY VETERAN DAY!! may God bless you guys 
FREE beer tasting with Stone Brewing in Oregon this Friday! Come hang out with me and Erin and taste some beers!... 
I will watch Coach Stews Fiesta Bowl speech before the game tomorrow. Just seems right for some reason. I know he is smiling at this team. 
@user you got it, brother! Tune in Sunday to @user where I think the Undertaker gets revenge on the beast Brock Lesnar!" 
when you realize Tomorrow is when you will witness grace and beauty...    I'm talking about sam smith.... 
Nailed it! BOOYAH! Greatest MNF Memory Earl Campbell 199 yds 4 TD's and the 81 TD Run! I was 9! Frank Gifford RIP! 
@user It's weird that in the 1st set Federer &amp; Isner went game for game until the tiebreak. Then Federer trucked him in the tiebreak 
@user Hi Elif  Greetings from USA midwest  How is school going?  Happy Turkish Republic Day!  I can’t wait for Nov 8 #NewGlee Yes! 
@user I know!! I sat down I'm just like OHMYGOSH that's Peyton Siva 
Laura W. Bush Michelle Obama Psalm 72:15 Long may he live, receiving gold from Arabia,  prayed for without cease,... 
This nigga in Friday look like the guy who played Ice Cube in Straight Outta Compton 
Hope our boy Fabian Delph gets a start tomorrow and continues to produce the quality performances us Villans are used to! #comeonengland UTV 
"Was reading Dark Souls 3 may be last Souls game.  That'd be good.  Keep it special, you know?" 
RT @user The lovely @user on the show Friday. Until that beeyotch showed up Andy Rooney and I were the hottest mamacitas o ... 
"Would love to go to the christmassy show of christmas at 11am on 14th December, sounds so cute #IMPTreasure" 
The Marching Band is playing the 3rd Quarter dance song right now and I can hear it from my class. I gotta do it, can’t stop... 
Beloved, don’t worry about tomorrow! Wake up every morning conscious of Jesus’ supply. Joseph Prince 
Hey FB. A friend of mine has an extra ticket to the FOO FIGHTERS concert tomorrow night in Pittsburgh. Message me... 
Going to see Paper Towns tonight or tomorrow night!! Woohoo I can't wait!!! Thanks for writing the book @user 
@user yeah best way! Yeah I had my first one on 6th, 2 days after my birthday. It’s really good! love it! Went on A1 yesterday xx 
Going to see Eric Church on August 22 if anyone is interested in going 
Hope you are having an "eggcellent" Tuesday!  The omelet was for Bentley and I. 
@user Perfect for the week that contained International Talk Like A Pirate Day (19th)... Arrrghhhhhh!!!! :-) x 
@user since you’re in Asia, Good Morning! xo Can’t wait for November 11. :-) 
@user My bag got checked at the Edwards Mira Mesa this past Saturday. I was going to see ""Paper Towns."" :p" 
"Getting ready for the Maine Archives and Museums conference, tomorrow in Orono.  Looking forward to connecting... 
Dear santa for Christmas may I have...........................one lunatic fringe named Dean Ambrose?! Thank you very much! 
@user Congratulations Rona for the 5th place in Eurosong contest.You deserve much than this<3 
Thanks to Fetty Wap for stepping in at the last minute on Saturday night event.  Chris Brown's apology seems disingenuous, I'm sure he knew. 
This just in!!! I will be performing in the Nina tribute show this Friday at the Creative Alliance!! As a special guest of Jonathan Gilmore 
"Big congrats to @user sister queen @user on 1st runner up at Miss Teen USA! #WV is so proud of you, Elizabeth! xoxo" 
"On November 24, the album will come out of the """"Greatest Hits"""" Selena, called """"For You"""" best hits including +2 new songs. OMG WHATVHDJD" 
@user loved subtweeting ur tweets about how ugly Katy perry was in 9th grade 
Roadblock: In the immortal words of Jay-Z: "Whatever deity may guide my life, dear lord don't let me die tonight.... 
Heavy saturday, Barca. The rain was knowing that how much I love you ! 
Just learned that Iron Maiden's new album comes out September 4. Same day as 5FDP's new album. GOD SO MUCH MUSIC IN SO LITTLE TIME 
"""John 3:16,the Fab Four,the 50 Yard Line,the 13th floor,9/11,the Dirty Dozen,we’re all waiting for the 2nd coming...Numbers""-JMC #GreatSong" 
"Wednesday is Movie Day!  We recently saw Ant-Man, Southpaw and Amy (the Amy Winehouse documentary).  What have... 
frank ocean's verse on Sunday is just perfection 
@user I concur with your coach. Its you! #AmexTennis Good luck tomorrow against Federer! 
"National Women's Day in #SouthAfrica this Thursday, 9 August. Promote  gender equality and an end to abuse of women in Africa + the world" 
Few more hours to iPhone 6s launch and im still using the 4th generation ^_^ 
Game Of Thrones without the sex, boobs, badassness, Knights, prostitutes,  women, and a lot more Netflix is basically my Friday evening. 
"Air mattress, no pump? Use hair dryer! Thanks Stef &amp; Shawn! Floor no mo! May I rest well tonight 
@user Hi what ganne do to roman this monday you have to kick his ass like sting I'm your fans from saudi arabia 
@user target acquired, tom brady, thursday night, you get fined, i will start a gofundme page to pay it for you :p &lt;3" 
@user I did my Fafsa last Wednesday & that same day I got approved for a loan! But get on it girllllll! Don’t procrastinate! 
Going to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes tonight...oh yeah. 
@user well Seinfeld is like the sun of comedies. :p 
@user reading Fourth and Long and it is so spot on, great look forward on the state of CFB. Mega Millions is Friday #anynumbersulike?" 
My mom just texted me reminding me that Grammys birthdays tomorrow.. HOW COULD I EVER FORGET? #BiggestDayOfTheYear 
@user Great Call in by that Marine who is surprising his Family with a Disney trip. That is how u Take Back ur Friday My Man. Awsome 
Still the 1st Canadian club to make it to the MLS Playoffs... Nothing can change that #History #positive Vancouver is a beautiful city!!! 
K guys me and Nat are recording tomorrow so you can listen to our covers thanks for all the follows guys we love our Angels! 
Just back from pre-season. Legs are knackered. Now going to watch the  2nd leg of the Europa League Liverpool v FC Gomel.........!!!x 
"THOR has always been a GREAT seller for us! But it is the 4th Thor #1 in the last couple of years, right? (including THORS)" 
Going to Dunkin for breakfast w Rhianna was the best choice I could've made on a Monday morning 
Really looking forward to the ACTS tomorrow morning." 
@user I wanna a Zayn one to my friend cuz her birthday is tomorrow, and she loves Zayn as hell , and for me +" 
@user Got through two episodes of the Game of Thrones one just now. May play more of it later. 
Sufjan Steven’s song Casimir Pulaski Day may be one of the greatest songs ever made. 
Tickets to see the Pope go on sale today at noon.  The rest go on sale tomorrow.  Here's the link and all the info: 
Moto G (3rd Gen) G vs. Apple iPhone 6 review: Moto G's price beats iPhone: Since the new handset is said to be... 
We have an encore screening of Magic Mike XXL this Thursday at 1 pm at Rainbow Cinemas! You don't want to miss... 
On the phone to HMRC who asked my 1st name then said "Do you have a second name?" Tempted to say no-like Rihanna, Madonna etc-just 1 name! 
Adrian Neville and Seth Rollins blew the roof off of that place on Monday Night Raw and Adrian Neville you did awesome!!!!!! 
I tell my new manager that I can't work on Thursday the 10th bc hello Ed Sheeran and he said that was fine but I'm scheduled anyway :-) :-) 
"If tickets are still on sale next paycheck, somebody needs to come see Zac Brown Band at the Nationals Stadium on the 14th #JekyllnHydeTour" 
Its the 13th! Happy Swift Day!^^ 
Tomorrow I'll be streaming Minecraft at 4pm est. See you there #minecraft #PS4 #Twitch 
"Ryan Braun hits his 25th HR of the year, a solo shot in the 8th as the #Brewers trail Reds 5-3 now on #whby" 
@user So, who's going to see the Stones in Crossfire Hurricane tomorrow night at @user #firstlightmaui I want to!" 
Mariah Carey enjoys pizza italy via @user I am not fat shaming u if marie lost 50lbs u may 2 with her diet 
"On Sunday, when it's HOT &amp; also National Ice Cream Day, we'll have homemade ice cream! Try an ice cream sandwich,... 
"#TVD is back tomorrow @ CW Network. Finally! The long wait is over!! Yay!!! Well, i can already watch it by Friday evening. @user 
"Tonight, I rewatch TWILIGHT for the first time (soberly) in 6 years. This is for legitimate research. You may judge mercilessly and cruelly." 
Happy Friday with Batman animated Series 90S forever! 
"It's impossible to just listen to Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday just once, I listen to it at least 3 times in a row" 
Thought about seeing the new Fantastic Four movie today. Passed and saw Ant-Man for a 2nd time instead. LOL #AntMan #FantasticFour 
"Allahu Akbar! ""@ManUtd: Happy Eid! May every year find you in good health. #EidMubarak 
Wichita State evens match 1-1 with 25-18 2nd set win. Watch live at or follow at 
"Gay sex may be a sin, but who are we to judge? How does it affect us? Let God be the judge. Don't tell me you've never sinned... #hypocrites" 
"""""@OliverLaaance: Love! See you tomorrow at SM Sta. Rosa. 4pm ah! Yaaay. :D 
@user @user @user #TheTideOnTheHits i can't wait to see them live in April with The Vamps and hear their music!!!! 
Tonight: a show in DC. Tomorrow: Greensboro NC! It’s been too long since I’ve performed. So exited to see everyone and play the new tunes! 
"Pop bottles, make love, thug passion. Red Bottoms, Mon Claire. High fashion [;" 
@user 4th is just great bc it's like St Pattys just MERICA #canttouchthis 
"7/9/1983 Madonna released ""Holiday"" as a single from ""Madonna: The First Album"", It was the 1st Madonna song to enter the Billboard Hot 100." 
I had to represent. And we been off and on like ever since. Might take you back to Disneyland girl I ain't forget.  
"yea, i'm going to helsinki tomorrow, can't wait!!" 
Heads up Prince George's CC (@pgccnews)! Get involved with #ItsOnUs TODAY! 
Whoop Whoop it is Kids Eat Free Wednesday!! Swing into O’Briens Irish Pub | Plant City, tonight for Kids Eat free... 
Angus Young's cap flew off six songs into AC/DC's set on Saturday at Gillette Stadium, but the guitarist didn't... 
An exciting day tomorrow @user Oscars Well making his chase debut and Operating first time out over hurdles!! #fingerscrossed 
I love that boy ! Jacob just sat in the bck and was laughing 
@user have you heard black Friday ?? By Kendrick Lamar an j Cole ??? (; 
"The new Iron Maiden album, Mobility Scooter to the Hills, is out September 4th. Bless these old codgers." 
"here is a classic...reminds me of the show I am going to on Monday Stranded presents Krautrock legend, Moebius... 
Sitting at a curb staring at the White House Listening to jay-z.thats a fine Friday 
#WWE #SummerSlam Seth Rollins has become the 1st in history to win the #USTItle &amp; have the World Heavyweight title at the same time 
5th Grade ALPS students encouraged their peers to donate Halloween candy for the Halloween Candy Buy Back... 
All NGO/NPOs should know about @user free/VERY low-cost software from @user @user @user &amp; lots more! 
Our lives as Christians may be the only Bible some people read. So it's important that as Christians we live it to the very best. Goodnight! 
@user Like the BBC, when they've just mentioned a brand/product. 'Other ways to learn are available and may be just as effective'. 
Jason Aldean tomorrow night will be the best concert of the year hands down 
@user I’m taking it easy since I’ll fly to Cupertino on Sunday. 
Hey guys tomorrow is now national Ground Hog day, I hope to see you all post about it!!   Hahahaha 
Kerry will play Dublin in the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final on Sunday September 20th at 3:30pm in Croke Park. 
Throw Back Thursday to Demi Lovato. Anything is possible if you just believe. 9/23/14 #ThrowBackThursday 
Well it's Sunday. Does everyone feel better this morning?  EVERTON will be ok. 
"Justin Bieber, may be any thing that it is very rich; and having done just the affirmative." 
'The View' returns with new, hopefully controversial hosts: Guest Michelle Obama (3rd L), wife of presumptive ... 
Really want to go to the LSU scrimmage tomorrow #basketballisback 
Looking forward to Eric Church Thursday, Dustin Lynch Sept 10th with  @user @user @user @user and Conrad. Then SDW Oct. 8-11 
"""""My Heart is Gold, my Twat is glass, c’mon baby can’t ya see?"""" Yes..a glass twat..better known as a """"womb with a view"""" ;D LOL!" 
Domino's song of the day for Tuesday July 28th is: Zac Brown Band - Chicken Fried. Listen for it sometime between... 
lacis logic: gets 3rd and 4th ear holes pierced on the day she has a dunkin shift  (: (: 
ok Im off twitter for the night til tomorrow Bomb Squad enjoy ur night love you much! 
so Ms.Sea (however you spell her name) from Berkmar left and now is sn AP at Lanier and I skipped 4th period and stayed in her office (: lol 
Cool meetup with @user in San Jose at IBM Lab Sep 29 7pm @user @user #APIs 
"We're not so far from Lady Gaga, c'mon! We can do it!   #MTVSTARS One Direction" 
"Tomorrow is the day, see you all soon!  Event: FH Club x MYMILAN MILAN Luxury Clearance Sales Date: 10th-12th... 
Dawn from Goshen is excited to take her son Daniel to the WWE Holiday Show at US Bank Arena on December 27.  She... 
Can we talk about the fact that I literally fell for Niall on Saturday. 
Royal Blood have announced they're gonna be playing with Foo Fighters next Saturday! #FooFighters #MiltonKeynes 
#John Cena - WWE Universe Tripple H was never Ric flair's bitch.... this sun I will make u mine hehehehe cant wait for #Summerslam 
Top Gear returns on 8th May! Yes it's Chris Evans and there will be 16 episodes. Clarkson's Amazon effort will be great as well. 
@user bruh, Thursday after Thanksgiving break was beyond off the map! They set the standards high that night and I was sober" 
full results from Eldora Speedway! finished 2nd with the NRA! 
Me and Lexus literally have the craziest day tomorrow 
"Seeing Frank Ocean in two days, is literally the one and only thing on my mind, until 10:45 p.m., Saturday night." 
Found an ancient ipod nano, I may have to keep it. 
"Love David Wright, but he may be one of the most un-clutch player in the Major Leagues" 
@user then she went all "you read manga right? Comics?" I nodded &amp; she went "how about you draw that blonde from Batman for tomorrow?" 
this is a big deal! everyone make sure to Shazam when you hear it! #MTVStars The Vamps 
My idol is tuning 15 on Monday! She’s growing up so fast!! I remember when she was that girl on Wizards of Waverly Place @user 
I hung out with Paul McCartney last night!!! It may or may not have been while I was sleeping and dreaming about it. 
gonna listen to Foo Fighters and get acquainted with most of their songs besides the mainstream then I'ma move onto Royal Blood for Monday 
Driving to Tennessee tomorrow to see my brother this weekend!! Literally just what I need to get the shit in this town out of my mind. 
"No matter what Drake tells you, Monday in #Toronto belonged to David Price. #Jays - 
Nekromantix with Blazin' Entrails tomorrow night @ The Rosemount. Make it if you can! 
Jurassic Park is BACK! New Trailer for the 4th Movie, Jurassic World - 
@user Seriously. Going to Melodifestivalen is a bucket list item of mine. Also excited for the Timoteij album that drops tomorrow. 
@user Frank Gifford was responsible for MANY hours of enjoyment for me on MNF......he was TALENTED....may he RIP.... 
You can also catch me in room 2 at Amplified Sessions @ V Club, Bournemouth next friday, supporting Roger Sanchez in the main room! 
"It's good to kno the NFL season starts Thursday, so we can hear about other teams other then Tom Brady an the Pats! #iDontCareIfTheyCheated" 
"Ruto should declare tomorrow a holiday ya kuwelcome kamwana, after all how will we remember he was in-charge for 2days" 
"National Hot Dog Day is July 23, come join us for the all American celebration." 
@user @user Your conversation on race/species in the #CypherSystem gave me much to think about. I may make a post on Google+. 
Good Morning and enjoy 3rd day of Eid 
5.a.m. trolling the Dan Ryan with a HUGE stink face! Why?  #BLACK FRIDAY = Kendrick Lamar +J Cole   Now that was an inspirational moment! 
Save the date: 11/14, @user We’ve got some surprises coming your way! Info on Monday. 
"1st day after Eid Vacation.  Had a wonderful time all through. It was a bit raining in the evening, but enjoyed... 
I see shawn tomorrow with my best friend ohmvx 
Our professor moved our test back to Tuesday, and brought candy!? Damn, she must really love us. Thanks, Vanessa! #tequiero 
I love my girl Evelyn at work she switched shifts with me Saturday:) 
@user  Ah, bizarrely I see it on my iPhone, but not on laptop with Safari, which only has 1st 3 tabs.  Weird. 
"Sunday talk shows rush to find Carol Loomis' number RT: @user ""Carly Fiorina is climbing. Now in the top ten""" 
Threshold is SUN 5-11p. Come on in after Folsom &amp; rest ur weary feet or play in the fungeon or boogie on the dance floor @user 
Friday has arrived. I have to admit that Rebecca Black’s song doesn’t sound so lame when it’s actually Friday. 
I made it to Boston! Going to my first Red Sox game tomorrow! #Jacked #Bahston #ClamChowder #BigPapi #FreeBrady 
Okay going to bed now, hope i can sleep this time ! Goodnight xx i'll see what happened at Metlife tomorrow!! Have fun y'all!! X 
"Ice Cube one of the gods of nigga movies. He wrote Friday, Players Club, and All About the Benjamins, not to mention his acting credits" 
"Our contest is being featured on @user Blog, for Pi Day Friday! Check it out here!   and enter to win!" 
Wow and Pink Friday has got to number 16 in the albums chart. Well done Nicki Minaj. :D &lt;333 xxxx 
@user I may have never seen a player play a higher tennis level than I just saw, Nadal, Federer and Djokovic included. Make no mistake, 
"BBC's New&amp;nbsp;Top Gear&amp;nbsp;With Chris Evans Debuts May 8 -  Gear (yes, the BBC versio... 
Omfg... Phoenix Comicon was A-MAZ-ING! Absolutely the best con ever. Might go back tomorrow for Iron Fur suit...we'll see. 
Kurt Cobain's Solo Album Will Be Released In November - Pink is the New Blog 
Awesome show today with Jimmy Bryson. Tomorrow though we have Trent Anderson and Rhonda Rousey also more REO tickets to giveaway. #listenup 
@user Ah, maybe you also prefer Zulu. Thanks, no relation! But where, Exeter? Btw the 4th emergency service is the Coastguard. 
Star Wars Day is Tomorrow!The Doors open to the Quaker Theater at 10:30am! The movie starts at 11:00am- The cost is $10 for the whole day! 
I just got excited because I found out that Amy Lee’s birthday is the 13th of Decemember. Guys, that is a DAY before my birthday! SO CLOSE!! 
Can't wait to see the new iPhone tomorrow. And final can update my apple watch to OS2 
@user Hey mom! I’m done with Eng so going to hand it in soon & got about 500 words to go for His & handing it in tomorrow! :-) 
@user Go with Moto G 3rd Gen Best phone at this price :) 
Welcome to Lukmon Osukoya's Blog: Boko Haram may be receiving its funding from the p... 
"No white T's, No ball cap. $500 CASH to the Women in the sexiest RED dress... Raffles for Moet Rose & a pair of Red Bottoms.  September 1st" 
Serena punches her ticket to the finals in straight sets. Joins Djokovic and Federer in tomorrow's #CincyTennis singles finals. Decent trio. 
Glad tomorrow is my last day at the Skate Center . Working one day a week is a joke ! Lol . #GottaFindANewJob 
Lil Cindy just played me Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar and J Cole. Mind Blowing. Wow! 
It still hasn't hit me yet that tomorrow is Steelers & Ravens day. 
hope you all tuned into the Chelsea Flower Show - some of the exhibitors will be at the Kent Garden Show beginning on the 2nd of June! 
500 wishes?! Wow. John Cena is literally one of the greatest humans to walk the earth. 1st class all the way. 
@user  yeah me!!  But I will see you Friday  Keep away from Nirvana, I know what it means when you listen to it!" 
"Kane should have scored, but Howard made a great play on that (and the Toby header). Optimistic for the 2nd Half! #COYS" 
$150 for George Strait in March at the Houston Rodeo?! looks like i need to start saving! :) 
Oh and we are playing @ the United Center at 1pm on December 1st COME SUPPORT US AND BUY A TICKET FROM ME TO WATCH THE BULLS!!!!!!! 
@user Lmfao alright u got me there. Good job Parker and the spurs, see y’all jan 9th. If I get an extra ticket to that game ur goin 
"""""@PackInsider: As we reported earlier in the day, PG Lorenzo Brown will have surgery on Tuesday. """" Hoping 4 speedy recovery" 
@user if you love pinups and Burlesque check out The Burlesque Assassins film premiere in Baltimore on Nov 9 at Creative Alliance. 
Win tomorrow and we get another shot at a 3 game set with Harvery deGrom and Thor #WontHappenAgain 
I hate sweating. Advantage of tropical islands. Sun. Advantage of Wisconsin is the coldness. 
Pope from 30. He is good! Nissan Titan! This guy may have the leg for 50. #ArgosLive 
"Foo Fighters were exceptional last night, Dave Grohl can still command a presence despite being sat on a throne! Goosebumps at the old stuff" 
Brock Lesnar will be facing the Undertaker on august 23 make sure not to miss all you WWE fans out there.It could be the best match ever!! 
Great piece on Joe Cole’s demise in tomorrow’s Independent by @user Cole was the first England player who was younger than me 
Tech: Android&gt;Star Wars: Uprising launches September 10 on iOS and Android - GB: Star Wars canon is about t..http://t.co/oiTvPxGfby #mobile 
Ha... Just got tickets for Foo Fighters with Mads tomorrow night. Can't wait. 
@user rumour has it Cupid has you on a piece of string ! Friday not sure Saturday rumours are funky town in gants hill the big V 
"Kendrick on the 20th, so damn ready" 
I wanna play Dark Souls again for the 1st time 
T-ARA SEXY LOVE's official broadcasting activities on October 14 has the end at Inkigayo. Many fans love and support is appreciated. 
Great first half for Milwaukee's last two 1st Round picks. Tobias Harris with 12 and 6 and John Henson with 14 and 6. 
"You know it's been a great weekend when you spend  $50 in dunkin donuts on fri, sat, and sunday." 
my friday night is consisting of watching jimmy fallon on youtube you could say i walk on the wild side 
It is dedicated to Lady Gaga Some kids with appendicitis may not need surgery 
Kunle Afolayan is under-rated aswear down! October 1 is the movie to watch. #MadeOfBlack 
@user This is my 3rd or 4th time sending this out to the twitterverse. First Jays player to respond? David Price. Pretty cool. 
@user aww the Capitol haha, I'm ((finally)) going there in April (:" 
"Twitter: """"We found someone you may know on twitter! Kevin Rudd @user - Federal Member for Griffith."""" #straya" 
Seinfeld may have not known it at the time. But he made the last sitcom that mattered. 
National Hot Dog Day on Thursday?  Come at me you muthas! 
"Up before the sun today, ready for the week of festivities ahead in Prince George. #wedding #bestfriend" 
Nicki's drag at the VMA's blessed my Monday 
"Dunkin, hearing that we have half a day tomorrow, seeing angel after practice, finishing my hw before 6, &amp; seeing angel again" 
School tomorrow then his house for the afternoon/evening(: Can’t wait!! #iloveyou 
We've got to wait until Wednesday night here in the UK for the Hannibal finale yet I've pretty much seen it all in gif form 
It's Sunday but zayn's performance makes me want to pop off 
"Blood moon returns early Wednesday, and this time it's bigger 
Cloud #Developer Bootcamp Sep 11. @user IoT &amp; mobile workshops. Don't miss the chance to work with IBM experts. 
ED SHEERAN next Tuesday!! with @user  #cantwait #ThinkingOutLoud #ateam #drunk #legohouse #sing #one #edsheeran 
Hoping your tweet means u realize the importance of Planned Parenthood in early cancer screening for women. Do you?  
Support Emerging Scholars tomorrow at 12 noon for the annual Kickball Tournament . 
"Alright people, you've been waiting for it. Dark Souls. 1 Death = 1 Jalapeno. Tomorrow at 11am PST.  RIP me. 
Sportsnet 960 The FAN is a fan of the Pride Parade and we are so excited for it to get going. Grab a seat on 9th... 
Had a great conversation with a guy at 16th & Mission after he gave me his last book for World Book Day. It was nifty, dude! 
1st team game looks set to be on with sunshine in Lechlade 
"It has to be Thor for me @user love the character, and Chris Hemsworth plays him well. I feel Civalwar may change this tho! #Marvel2015" 
@user Also the way to go at Zachary’s is the stuffed mushroom and spinach. Excellent. (note: this opinion may be out-of-date). 
Oh man, tomorrow I’m definitely going to have a Young Life hangover after that dance party! It was so worth it! #totalYLmove #YtheLnot #best 
"I opened this account on March 25th when Zayn left, since then I've meet some amazing people who share the same love with 1D." 
"Any of you wanting fab fun childcare for your little ones in Haltwhistle, get along to Little Star on Thursday... 
Going to Singapore tonight :) Excited for Skyfall + penny boarding tomorrow! 
Foo Fighters tomorrow night with @user and @user . Ayyeeee 
Great day @user so far. If you're at the event we'll be presenting with Oracle on #PredictiveAnalytics in healthcare tomorrow. #Expo15NHS 
Richie Hawtin - Tuesday 10/30 - Buffalo Town Ball Room - Don’t miss it! 
SAEED: #NowPlaying: BEP, Ricky Martin and KT Tunstall! Great songs to get you through your Sunday! Hate the rain!! 
Happy 18th Birthday to My Best Friend and Big Brother @user I love you :) 
Excited to hang out with Rae & Laurin tomorrow. :) 
Goodnight y'all ;)) iPad3 see you tomorrow :)) 
@user I love the remote play. I've been playing Until Dawn I  the bed with the PS4 upstairs. So great. I may buy another Vita TV also 
"For those that wanna see Inside Amy Schumer's Golden Globes , it may happen! #cantwait 
BROCK LESNAR VS THE UNDERTAKER  supporting lesnar butttttt. May the best man win #summerslam 
It's a Foo Fighters Friday on 933 The Wolf..  Fast Freddie has your chance to win tickets all afternoon. When you... 
@user great work; you may or may not have noticed: even deeply biased YouGov's poll tonight has lab 5% lead.  We r strong, united." 
@user Coach, you may want to explore Zumba for your players. Great workout to work on movement and fluidity of movement. 
"Thanks, Lyndsey ...hairstrks sometimes red, sometimes pink! @user We're going to see The Ladykillers in Nott'ham tomorrow!!" 
@user Happy Sunday to you too Maite! 
Saudi's Eid present to Taiz. Big thank you @user This is best Eid present ever for Taiz #Yemen  
Good straight sets win for Murray last night hope he kicks on from here and good chance of winning the #USOpen for a 2nd time 
@user Would you consider doing some Dark Souls 2 content in preparation for Dark Souls 3 in April?  DLC is great. 
Come build some Dino builds tomorrow evening at Cinema Under the Stars! Jurassic Park @user 
"if anyone would like to surprise me with some Sam Smith tickets for Monday, that'd be great. Plz and thank you." 
Up to the 4th episode of True Blood 2nd season.  It gets better & better. 
Took son to see Jurassic Park when he was 5, we saw #JurassicWorld at same theater 20 years later. A special moment  
CRAFT BEER + KICK ASS FOOD = NIRVANA. Next Thursday join us for the highly anticipated Jolly Pumpkin beer dinner.... 
And that's gonna conclude my Live Tweeting Thursday with the Nirvana marathon. Thanks for tuning in! #LiveTweetingThursday 
"A sultry new jam ""No Sleeep"" marked the return of Janet Jackson on Friday, July 24, as the pop icon makes her... 
I like who I am now. Other people may not. I’m comfortable. I feel freer now. I don’t want growing older to matter to me. - Meryl Streep 
Sportsnation  just wont let Jeremy Evans dunkface go. This is the 3rd time ive seen it all week. Still funny though 
Ricky Martin may be gay but he’s sexy af’ !!!!!!!! :D 
it may be 2:30 am &amp; i may be eating christmas cookies.. but im still jamming to justin bieber's new album. problem? 
"Only 2 more days of spirit week left! Tomorrow, in preparation for the new movie, Star Wars day!" 
"Royals Rumblings for October 17. The Royals are the future of baseball, expensive WS tix and #bringbacksungwoo 
"It's Friday, and you should all have the riff from Iron Maiden's ""The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"" in your heads." 
"Going to Ed Sheeran this Tuesday with @user I'm so stoked" 
@user this may cheer you: ridiculously, I only found out what Minecraft was this morning #techybutnotagamer 
Can’t wait to go to to the Patriots game dec. 10th :) ahhh i hope we get a mssive snow storm! 
Erotic Asphyxiation, Evanescence, Strip Clubs and Kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today! Happy Friday?! 
Can’t wait to kick it with these outstanding musicians as well as perform for my New England fans on Saturday... 
I cant take it any more im so excited for SUNDAY NIGHT JOHN CENA IN THE SMASH DOWN OF HIS LIFE!! 
Janet Jackson performs in Miami on Sept 20!  All roads lead to the #MagicCity! Get ur piece of the #Miami Dream? Im here to help #realestate 
@user At least by this time tomorrow the Yankees will be standing on top once again!! Who's Ellsbury?? 
@user @user @user Print ain’t dead yet Cole, and I’m sure you know there’s something special about Sunday Papers too. 
who is going to digi tomorrow?!? 
Nintendo may go back to carts  also make so I can sit my console on the carpet. Full N64 style #Nintendo #indiedev 
@user i hope you are touring with TT oct 13th in milan seen the show 5 times in the uk and you were awesome chick.. 
"Show em what it isRT @user Love it when scouts be at our Practice..  I counted 4 today..  Broncos , Miami , Philly , && Tampa Bay .." 
@user aww!! Thank U too!! <13  Have a Nice Swift Day you too!! :) and good luck for tomorrow!! I hope you have a wonderfull Day! :) 
@user hope to see you at our opening in Tel-Aviv, Israel in MARCH!" 
"David Wright may not hit another HR for 3 weeks, if we're being totally serious here. But good for him tonight." 
@user John Terry is due to captain Chelsea from the start for the 500th occasion tomorrow...   Playing Legend 
@user you just may be my soulmate..jsyk..LOL..we gotta have us an Alan Rickman date soon so we can fangirl to our hearts content!! 
Calibraska tomorrow I am so excited it's going to be amazing 
Sharknado 3 release and @user 's 29th birthday on the same day. Coincidence...? HBD Andrew!!! 
Celebrity Saturday ! This is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the Oscars 
@user ion know the riaa site has Madonna then Mariah Carey in 2nd 
I am going to cut my hair tomorrow like Zayn Malik’s hair style..Emotion: excited 
SLTrib's @user published this years 1st Class 5A State Ranking - Sons of Thor keep up the excellent work! 
@user It's not just a helmet to me. [He sighs, muttering under his breath before answering him.] As for Thor, he's back tomorrow." 
Hao and I use it for all the discounts. Especially on Amazon Prime day which is their Black Friday. Shipping is nice 
the boys won the voting for #MTVStars!! Lady Gaga came 2nd!! -S 
BBTN: Kris Bryant hit his 1st career walk-off HR for the @user last night and he seemed to enjoy it. pic.twitt... 
"Harry during Louis &amp; Briana's Wedding  If tomorrow you won't be mine, won't you give it to me one last time oh, baby let me love you goodbye" 
Yeaa! 3rd place! Congrats! @user End of the game! Indonesia Warriors 92 - 85 Singapore Slingers! Thanks for the supports Superriors! 
Vampire Diaries and Jersey Shore tonight. So first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties.. sounds great!!! :) 
We have Kerry for @user with us tonight at Tuesday club playing Kerry's special game 
Mr Blue Sky to make this Friday even more awesome. Quickly followed by Eagles of Death Metal. 
"Sunday's episode of Married to Jonas is about Radio City and the new music, and then Monday, the boys have a big announcement. COINCIDENCE?" 
will be resuming his "Artist of the Week" selections on Tuesday. His featured artist at that time will be Michael Jackson. 
I wish @user was going to Cowboys tomorrow. I miss her. 
@user @user Wed Nite salutes Industry Employees, Thanks """"LAX""""always appreciate when those who make our biz tick are thanked" 
@user have two friends going to the show thurs Gary and Fiona just got engaged Gary from Monaghan Fiona from Kerry give them a shout 
@user @user im waiting for Love Rain’s 11th Episode in Eng Sub :)) the modern cast are so great! 
Then everton will get the player from Barca on loan :) 
David Price is gonna be hellafun every 5th day. 
I have a feeling that Nicki's performance at the VMAs  will be the only good one tomorrow 
@user @user have you been watching Crossfire Hurricane, the documentary, last 2 saturday nights? Superb." 
Today is a good day. Friday before a 3 day weekend and there's a new Iron Maiden record out today. Already downloaded and about to listen... 
@user Oct 15th @user Nation presents German wave  Vol1, the best German MCs you never heard  #RUN 
@user In FUT, Isco. An absolute magician in the midfield with Gabi being a close 2nd." 
so who's going with me to see justin bieber on April 7th 
The best thing about Walking Dead returning is it means Spartacus will be back soon too! (Dammit, Starz site says January) 
"RT @user Come One,Come All.Bring your Blankets,Chairs,Picnic Stuff, watch CROOKLYN under the Brooklyn Bridge.Gonna be a FUN CROOKLY ..." 
Burritos with my homegirl Darcy for lunch, hangs with @user and MC Nauss tonight, AC/DC tomorrow and a long weekend. #winning 
Harry is so cute and I love them all and I love DMD but I can't help crying watching #DragMeDownMusicVideo the 1st time bc Zayn's not there. 
"Best HR derby,Josh Hamilton 28 monster blasts DEEP into the Bronx night,a record 1st round.Then like his career, faded,just three in finals." 
Good News: @user will be releasing us in the US. VOD, iTunes and Amazon from Oct 2nd, DVD Dec 1st - all under a new title: AMOROUS 
@user Hi, my name is Dayle, abd you're my inspiration ! :) (RT/Follow if you see this?)47" 
Anyone wanna go to a gillie da kid concert sept 30th? Young savage and haddy are gonna be killin it too 
@user great read for a rainy Sat am. I always have mixed feelings about In the Upper Room. Ratmansky sounds interesting. Thank you. 
When I heard California on Calibraska for the 1st time my mouth was in to wide of an O from my amazement that my band from my braces broke 
This may be one of the best weeks of Big Brother in the history of ever. I love this day. 
Definitely Liverpool's anthem is the best, 2nd is Barca's one, love it! 
@user @user  FFS...Glad I don’t read the Sun, lol..Great minds and all that...haha ps: He has a point tho. Sky is the limit #HH 
@user is such an encourager! Loved the conversation on the way home from Barbarians! Ready to action tomorrow!! 
someone go to Disneyland with me starting the 11th I love Halloween time 
It’s so early here in Germany, my American friends are just now getting drunk. Off to Prague, knuckleheads! Talk to you on Sunday! #CzechRep 
camping out on the parade grounds thursday and friday night to make sure our tailgate spot is safe. GEAUX TIGERS 
@user I really enjoyed the chicken liver parfait and the featured peperonata risotto (hope they’re still serving it tomorrow)! 
Contraband with the boys! So eager to finally watch it!! @user @user #Monday #bored #ineedmoregirlfriends #pathetic 
Think this is great advertisement for Nike. Although it may be unconventional, very emotional and inspiring #M300F15 
My Yahoo Scoreboard is already showing the Lions game vs Cincinnati on Friday. #areyoufreakingkiddingme 
@user May be Chris knows that Zayn is gonna be the bigger star than him..:) 
Sat behind @user on the flight to LAX tonight. Go Buffs! 
"Michael Jordan finished 6-0 in the NBA Finals. Floyd Mayweather looks to hit 49-0 Saturday, will history be... 
@user see Ricky Hatton has said in an interview that Floyd Mayweather is the 3rd best of all time 
David Beckham - Just because he's fabulous and it's Friday. #Enjoy #Inked #TGIF 
@user the Galaxy Note 5 and S6Edge+ announcement is August 13th! 
"Foo Fighters are here TOMORROW! Join us for happy hour before the show at Gate 1 from 5-7pm.  $5 cocktails, $4 beer, $3 sodas/water" 
"The coolest guy in the room ... Frank Gifford ... Monday night football will always be Howard Cosell, Don Meredith and Frank #RIP16" 
This season of The Walking Dead has been getting better by the episode. Can't wait for next Sunday. 
seth rollins is going to be in daytona on sunday and i need to be there. 
If you are in #OrangeCounty / near Laguna Hills, please come visit me at Awakenings this Thursday at 7PM! 
ever since i met you in 8th grade i was like 'yo this kid looks like George Harrison' and we've been cool since. -@ktgirley (3 times) 
@user Thanks Mike!  Although you can't really beat Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow:) 
All these people finish the Quran shows the light of Islam still exists even after 1.4k years. May Allah help them in their journey m'a 
@user Yes father how are you? I’m all well, haha sun is always out, you know what that leads to. Hows future Bobby Moore getting on? 
SHAWTY non-kpop fans :go shawty its your birthday Kpop fans -shawty imma party 'till the sun down (sehun) - go shawty~ (heechul and koni) 
Did you know that we are launching @user Tower Dwellers Gold on Android tomorrow in tandem with iOS?  
@user Haha was brilliant, Adam Levine is in it but not a fan of him! And it was on Channel 4 last friday, it’s on 4OD :) xx 
Going to see Foo Fighters on October 7th in Memphis with my lovely lady. 
@user yes I'll be there. Also have AC/DC on the 26th and Buckcherry at Starland on the 28th before the carney! 
@user @user @user @user Happy Halloween spend it with Bruno Mars and shenanigans 
Just want @user to do ET by Katy Perry for one freestyle Friday #OnlyADream 
"Cowboys finna get the 2nd round pick back, Bruce Carter, Josh Brent, and Anthony Spencer slowly comin back, the best is yet to come" 
wearing the hottest top I have ever owned on Wednesday to see The Vamps genuinely more excited for the outfit than the concert 
This week's #tweetpic66 contest is tweeting a picture with a Mario Lemieux signed item! Winner chosen randomly Friday at 2pm! 
David Price still out in the 8th ? Gonna love this guy. #Bluejays #ComeTogether 
4th Album out #RED, #20MillionSwifties, 6 Grammy Awards, 10 AMAs, 13 BMI Awards! Reigning Entertainer of the Year ACM!  #6YearsTaylorSwift 
"HHH was never Ric Flair's bitch, Sunday I'm going to make you mine" 
my woman crush for wednesday is michelle obama bc she slays my life 
"As part of the continued offensive operations against the Boko Haram terrorists, troops of 7 Brigade Friday... 
@user I'll vote for either Ted Cruz or Rick Perry, whichever one is the 1st to declare their state as the "Home of 3 First Round Picks" 
"So, Hastings Entertainment is playing the entire new Lenny Kravitz album. I may take my time at this place. #HECKYEA" 
Bowling Doubles tomorrow. Hope everything will be good tomorrow. Let the luck be with us. #Sukipt2012 
SNC Halloween Pr. Pumped. Let’s work it for Sunday....Packers vs....who knows or caresn. #SNC #cheerpracticeonhalloween 
@user Well... Iron Maiden have just released their 16th studio album today... quite 'prog rock' in places... 
I love modern dance at the UofU but watching nutcracker at home made me miss ballet. Still stoked to see Ballet West on Friday!!! 
"Really has to start watching the Sharknado movies now. They'e already on 3 and announcing a 4th movie, and I have yet to see even 1 /o" 
Not even Sept 1st and we've already relapsed into Dunkin' Donuts 'Pumpkin EVERYTHING' commercials on the radio! ITS FALL BABAAYYY 
"After many months of waiting, and a cancelled Wembley date along the way, I finally get to see Foo Fighters tomorrow! Exciting times." 
Co-Editors enjoying the last days of summer with Paper Towns and NativeWings!See you tomorrow @ freshmen orientation! 
A bit of Iron Maiden on the way to work is guaranteed to make an early start easier! Very excited for #BookOfSouls on Friday! :) 
"I get to go see my endo tomorrow. Let just say I'm excited about that. Can you sense the ? 
On tha real tho... I don’t care if you never go to your schools Young Life, you should definitely go to ALL CITY tomorrow night... #YL 
@user lol! Jason & Ethan went Tues & thought it was good. I didn’t fancy going & Cole was out all day & nite with Archie! #loner 
I got 4 Janet Jackson tickets I just hope I don't lose them by January 
"Literally love Niki Lauda """"and I don't know if I can call myself the 4th time world champion"""" #f1 #skyf1" 
@user ""Triple H may be better than both if us, but I'm still better than you, Seth Rollins."" Good work, Sting. #RAW" 
And the Hat Yai fashion festival kicks off! The 1st of the 300 models tonite! Thks @user fr the opportunity ;) 
Woohoo. I am booked for Friday to present IBM #Bluemix &amp; #XPages to a Dev team who are ready to take their Domino skills to the next level! 
"waww,, I wanna have it RT @user @user wow,ipad got just today free lol www.burna.in/fgye" 
Today is #NationalTequilaDay!! That may rank right up there with National Ice Cream Day. Let's celebrate!! 
16 useful features on Facebook, Google+, Twitter and LinkedIn you may have missed 
moving to covina in december things are looking up rite about now!:) 
"Chris Hemsworth at LAX, October 15  in MY house??? on thIS day??????????????????" 
Tyler is gonna be so swagged out tomorrow, im gonna have to take an instagram pic with him 
: Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday  (Audio) via @user best rapper in the game 
Thank god PL football is back tomorrow. Cannot wait for the Arsenal game even if we are playing with a fraud defence 
RT @user Check out my column in Scotland on Sunday @user today on the glorious grouse - can't wait for Friday! 
I'm going to see the Bad Education movie tonight and Paper Towns tomorrow Much excite ^.^ 
Yoga successfully negotiated with only a hint of knee collapse but no meditation today. Tomorrow is the one and all will be well..in theory. 
Apple Watch is selling like hot popcorn at Yaya Centre. The half bald gringo with a long nose and sun-burned skin... 
Tomorrow is the next FEC filing deadline for candidates. I am keeping my excitement in check. 
"Brentley is away tonight, I miss him! But it's nice to have a little break once in a while. Sleeping all day tomorrow!" 
Just found out that the new season for Vampire Diaries comes out Sept 15th :-) 
Here's the scoop: Sunday is National Ice Cream Day via @user I love the free ice cream for dogs! 
Lots of fun this weekend.  We’re at the Mardis Gras casino Friday night from 8 to midnight.  Then on Sunday... 
"College game day, free pizza, and Christina Perri and Ed Sheeran tonight. Happy Saturday, lovelies!" 
The husband of one of our Associate Producers just made Rolling Stone's list of Top Ten Bands to Watch! #music #film 
I gotta meet Kendrick Lamar and J Cole February  .. That plane ticket worth it and them 125$ is too 
Belated post: I actually really liked the Steelers’ 1934 throwback uniforms from Sunday’s game against WSH. People just hatin’. :P #FB 
Sunday funday is lunch and Magic Mike XXL with the ladies, then swimming! #Channingishot #gimme 
JOHN CENA!! For the 16th time! #SummerSlam #TitlevsTitle 
"Love you PAPI! Way to go. 30! awesome!! Big fan""@cbsboston: Ortiz belts 30th home run in Red Sox' win over Phillies. 
Hermione, Sun Drop Girl, and Danica Patrick. There’s something ya don’t see every day! 
I celebrated like Conor McGregor (into my pillow. Why frighten the neighbors?) 
@user @user I'm a Cubs fan 1st and a Red Sox fan 2nd. I also give the Atl. Braves love. I really enjoy not liking the Yankees. 
@user would you interested in a five a side footy tournement Jan 12 at Warners with Sean Dalee its my lads dance crew? 
Jersey Shore may be lame this season but I wouldn’t want to miss the last season <3 
"SBC Red Lions clinch win first finals game over the Letran Knights, 62-60. Next game will be on Saturday, 6pm @ Smart Araneta Coliseum." 
"If you love me, we can marry on the west coast, on a Wednesday, en el verano, en agosto #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
Congrats!!! to the Philippine Patriots for winning over Singapore Slingers last saturday... Go Patriots!!! :) 
@user You off to Cork ? have lots of fun & safe trip, you’ve done a lot since your 1st meet at Eurosong haha 
Last chance to see Silent House with drinks and a tour of the London Tombs tomorrow night! Enter now: 
; A; impulsively bought a docking station for my laptop 'cause I needed one and amazon said it would arrive tomorrow if I ordered now 
Sat here with a cuppa coffee, watching Jeremy Kyle with @user #lovely 
@user @user I going on the 9th hope to find it hope you guys to good luck to all of us Madonna fans 
@user Its for I love West Leeds festival - going to be in Pudsey Park 29,30,31 Oct.There are 15 boxes in trees for art trail x" 
AC/DC will win #rock1000 with Thunderstruck! Has not won before but come 2nd at least once! @user 
Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara star in #Carol from 27 November. Save the date! 
"Kendrick Lamar,  Black Friday is gold. you're a god.  Thank you." 
One of the hottest up and coming artists @user will be performing july 29th at Rex Theatre in southside, Pittsburgh!! tix only $10 
Barbarians tonight for the mighty men of #freedomchurch in Makerere University. And what a powerful message from Sunday to get stuck into! 
Listening to this whopper on the morning run. Happy Thursday! Fleetwood Mac - Go Your Own Way #VinylCrow #nowspinning 
"God bless him &amp; God bless Am Israel, may allah wrath be with palestinian terrorists of gaza &amp; WB 
What is this force that compels me to keep watching Magic Mike XXL? Saw it the 2nd time yesterday and am already ready to see it again. 
Ice Cube gives Iggy Azalea the nod of approval: 'She makes dope songs' | Music | The Guardian 
im siltitng in my room the sun is rising outside my windwo and im laughign at my fucking naruto joke 
I want Dunkin tomorrow 
"Rousey may not have the money that Floyd has, but people respect her way more.  
@user We did.  He says it should be corrected tomorrow.  Thor is available on Twitter @user 
We’re excited for TRUNK OR TREAT tomorrow (Nov 2) night at the Boys and Girls Club in Pottstown. It will start at... 
"In October 1, Kunle Afolayan delivered what's arguably the best film out of Nollywood yet." 
Good luck to the #DunfermlineWolves players that have their Fife and Tayside trials tomorrow. Show them what you can do #itsyourtime 
"RT @user Experience the excitement of the Nuit Blanche, an all night art and culture festival in Paris: 
You know you're gonna have a good ass Friday when gucci and jeezy release a song together 
"All that said, it's the 2nd best looking game I've played on PS4 behind Arkham Knight, which I think is still the only REAL current gen game" 
Apple is hosting its annual splash on Wednesday to unveil a new version of its best product, the iPhone #Africapkenya 
Way Back Wednesday! Way Back Song of the Day...  Ice Cube - It Was A Good Day 
Been invited to Milan for a weekend at the end of Sept...Won't mind if I do. 
@user let’s just say, I call it the Casey’s Trifecta. I’ll explain in homeroom tomorrow....after I ask Cory to homecoming lol 
"#NFL Cardinals, Fitzgerald working on a new deal - The return of ESPN's Monday Night Football means the return of ES... LLLINKKK" 
"Andy Rooney will make his last appearance on 60 Minutes this Sunday. If anything, this proves there is a God." 
I just realized I'm seeing AC/DC tomorrow. Holy shit, I've waited nearly a year for this! 
Although seeing 5sos was amazing and one of the best nights of my life. The Foo Fighters may have them beat 
Start Monday morning with a NEW song from Eric Church! 
Google did great with YouTube purchase. It is now &gt; $40BN. I bet Facebook did equally if not better with Oculus. 
Midweek Service tonight! 7:15 Gulport  7:00 Wiggins. There is not a better place to be on Wednesday Night than Church!! See ya soon 
Merseyside Derby proper goal fest so far! Hope for more in the 2nd half! #SuperSunday 
So it's official! Sam Smith is singing the #SPECTRE theme and it's releasing tomorrow. I'm...ambivalent until I hear it 
@user Just sent the #ffc Unibet preview for tomorrow through and, by the way, Louis Saha’s genuinely two-footed. 
Massive reception for Paul Dunne on the packed 18th. Such a mature and composed head on such young shoulders. Great round of 66. #bbcgolf 
@user it's decent, I still feel like Chris brown has the best Tuesday remix lmao 
@user #hamont is great! So much happening in the city. Just started at MSA in August 
Ant-Man is one of the funniest Marvel movies we've watched. Check out our spoiler free review! 
@user there's also a good chance we see Ventura relieve in the 5th. 
Katy Perry was all smiles&amp;#160;when she&amp;#160;headed out for a Broadway show Wednesday night in New York City.&amp;#160; The singer wore a 
@user Landing at No. 40 on the #NBARank list: Kobe Bryant.  (http://t.co/dkOOOiuZnm) lmao he'll be number 1 by dec 
Happy Valentines Day( From The Rangers ): via @user - I used to watch this video all the time when they 1st made it. 
"A new: Big Brother, I am Cait and Bachelor in Paradise and another day off tomorrow!!! Yippee!!!!!!!" 
"Fabio Capello: """"From what I’ve seen these days I can assure you Russia are capable of getting a good result vs Portugal tomorrow"""". #cantwait" 
WOW!!! OMG Today for my 21st birthday I woke up and @user follows me! I knew this day would come! Thanks Jennette! <3 
"Finished Deus Ex last night.  Should probably stay tight-lipped, but I think I can get away with saying the ending is superb!" 
TY @user for this good news! May Iran release our American prisoners very soon as well. #MerryChristmas to you 
@user I may give the Panthers too much credit, but I think they'll beat Green Bay. The Dolphins? Who knows? Will beat Chicago." 
if anyone is going to dunkin tomorrow morning and is just feelin real generous my order is a medium chips ahoy iced coffee w cream&amp;sugar:-) 
So excited to see Kerry when she comes back off holiday tomorrow 
4ths are in striking distance of promotion & the title. Sunday is Presidents Day. Be great to get as many of us together. 2pm legends v club 
I liked a @user video Apple Special Event March 7 2012 iPad 3 the new ipad Full Apple 
Wishing Super Eagles under Sunday Oliseh the best. Looking forward to see Carl Ikeme and Emenike. God bless Nigeria 
@user @user and the Sox beat the Yankees today so I can smile! 
I’ll never forget that first girl I was crazy about in 5th grade. I still got her Valentine Day card in my secret safe. 
It may sound stupid but  it makes me happy they're coming to milan even though i won't be there 
@user U2 brother! All of the men who preach every Sunday deserve a great day of rest afterwards! 
Magic Mike XXL on a Monday night...was everything I expected it to be. 
there and I added quite a few items to my "Wish List" that they have on Amazon for items I may wanna purchase in the future)and earlier 
Possibly going to Comic Con in Santa Fe. Can I make a Mikasa scout outfit before the 24th? it's on! 
"The non Muslims who support us Muslims, may Allah guide you to haqq  and the deen of Islam. Big love to you all." 
"Scirea Memorial, Inter 2-0 Roma: MILAN - Inter continue their good run in the 26th edition of the Gaetano Scir... 
Robert Pattinson was so beautiful in the 1st Twilight 
@user you should totally come and perform in Houston and while your at it come and visit the Houston Rodeo in March :) 
Watching TUF tomorrow just because Conor McGregor and Urijah Faber are the coaches. 
"Yayyy!!! RT : @user Nicki Minaj - Pink Friday, up 15 places, to #16 on the Official UK Top 40 :) 
I was thinking about Niall and how he was really cute at 16 and then I remembered his 22nd birthday is in five days and I can't cope with it 
I just listened to Strawberry Swing by Frank Ocean 6 times in a row and I'm working on a 7th 
"I may need to fact check, but I'm pretty sure that Kendrick is only the 2nd rapper to have his 1st 2 albums nominated for AOTY." 
It's the Edinburgh Derby on Sunday for SWFitba as Hearts welcome Hibs to Foresters Park with a 14:00 KO time. We... 
@user if i were Queen for the Day i'd knight Antonio Carluccio for bringing us such fine Fare to Pinner long may he Reign. FANTASTICO 
@user still got smacked by Barca. Wolfsburg went far in the Europa and BVB lost to finalists. EPL is 3rd. 
Red carpet special on @user tonight and pics on tomorrow plus deets on where to find the fashion #VNZMA #VNZMAs 
Does it really have iPad pro &amp; stylus, tomorrow will have answer!!! 
@user hey, you didn't miss it! TODAY, July 23rd, is National Hot Dog Day! ;) #GetYourWeinersOnSomeBuns! xoxo Kit n Luck" 
"Work hard, play hard. I'll see you busters at Riot Fest tomorrow #ImaStartARiot" 
Can't wait tomorrow 4 the new Nash and Skylynn video @user @user @user @user 
"Ooh, a friend just offered me a ticket to the Antonio Carluccio show on Wednesday. I like having nice friends." 
@user definitely wish we were reading together and enjoying a cup of tea!! @user BTW have you read the 1st chapter of Watchman? 
@user Congrats to Lloyd Robertson on the Gordon Sinclair Award tonight at the Geminis. Last broadcast on CTV Nat'l News is Thursday. 
@user Doing a show in Amsterdam? Would love to see you guys play live soon! I might be in amsterdam Saturday night 
Just favorited "Grateful Dead - Recorded by Zoltan at the San Fran..." by Calgarycmmc Cmmc on Mixcloud 
I want to go see Twenty One Pilots give me a sunday lolla ticket. And a Friday one for Paul McCartney 
"Watching """"The Vow"""" for the 1st TIME! I <3 it! Already cried 3 times!" 
My mom was like in December we can get you the Disneyland pass again I was like nah 4 of our premiums is 1 premium now. I'll go for free lol 
"Litre a voddy on a Wednesday, start how you mean to go on during these holidays, IRA" 
@user Good deal. I'll be in Newport Sunday w/ friends as well as the 17th in Dayton!! #HeresToAnother 
@user thnx for the follow! The Chronicles of Jan sound hilarious! Love the tribe of Periscopes. Very Douglas Adams. 
AMERICA! my friends @user are playing the Jimmy Kimmel show tomorrow night with Michelle Obama! couldn't be more proud! 
"Big day Sunday - Christchurch Park at 1045am for the Remembrance Service - We will remember, Ipswich will remember" 
Great news not just for yourself but #speedway itself. Been available on Xbox and Ps4 is brilliant news  
Anyway,  peace! I support both Hillary and Bernie and will support Joe Biden should he run. He may indeed! 
Who’s going to go see Breaking Dawn part 2 with me!? C’mon! 
@user Is it true that IRON MAIDEN is touring in Guatemala on March 5 2016 ???????? 
Have you got your tickets yet? London’s newest whorehouse opens next Saturday! Leicester Square Theatre 
"Thanks to that Oklahoma sun I have the sexiest tan lines alive #don'tjudge 
"Camila may be on Niall's Instagram, but I'm on Harry's Instagram in his Baltimore picture. Kind of just gonna say I'm the winner here. :/" 
"Also in tomorrow's @user all the details of a fabulous day for Paul Dunne and an enthralling third round at St Andrews. #TheOpen" 
Yes mam! It certainly is a beautifully blessed Sunday! May u all hav a great day! Love Ya Sista & Roll Tide! 
currently listening to justin bieber's very first album and the 6th grade memories are coming back 
Happy 4th from the Bomb Squad! 
The WOLF is howling as the Eric Church concert is Thursday night at the fair!!  We have MORE tickets!   Listen tomorrow afternoon with Skip! 
Ed sheeran's coming to Dallas tomorrow and I'm missing it AGAIN and I'm sad so let's not talk about it k 
Need some 7th inning magic if we hit Kershaw twice in the 7th inning to win games we can do it to anybody 
@user i like those too1  I love old movies 30s & 40s I was 9 living on Okinawa the 1st time I saw It Happened 1 nite on AFT 
"What I wouldn't give to see the Zac Brown Band, at Wrigley, Friday night, September 11th, as they sing Chicken Fried. #MayFreedomForeverFly" 
"Bagel day at work tomorrow, means I don't have to spend my own money at Dunkin" 
Surprise! Monsanto Says, "No Glyphosate in Breast Milk".: On July 23, WSU posted the news th... via @user 
I can't wait for it to be January 1st and Frank Ocean fans are still crying they ain't get an album 
More snow tomorrow Wooooooooooooooo! @user @user @user @user @user 
@user my daughter will be there tonight, she's had a rough time - wld you dedicate a song to her? Her name is Tegan, 19 on Monday" 
Awhh I can’t wait for Stevie Tv! I wish it was March 4 already! 
@user Aw ok cool..I’ll know where I’m going hopefully by Feb or March..Signing Day!! 
@user @user hey, turns out Obama may be right about man made climate change destroying the planet after all #IranDeal :-p 
Thank you @user for signing my t-shirt and letting us have selfies with you guys. You were amazing at the horn last wednesday! X 
I can't wait to see Ed Sheeran on the 10th!!!!!!! 
With all of the Hulk Hogan controversy I hope Monday Night Raw is redeeming tonight! 
"David Bowie's 'Blackstar' video Strange, dark, and beautiful. I think I love it. New album arrives in January." 
Tomorrow night is the big night! XTU will be in the house to give away Jason Aldean tickets 7-830pm. 
Tomorrow Annabelle with love 
Samsung may soon be launching a revolutionary new device - the Galaxy Note 5 #FMEA edition - 
@user @user @user I just ordered several mongoose from Amazon. They'll be on my doorstep tomorrow morning. 
Hey today is the 17TH.. 17...Taylor Kitsch's Hockey Jersey Number :)! 
Bout’ to watch Joyful Noise for the 110, 000 time ! 2nd favorite movie !! 
Because the night belongs to lovers -> Nuit blanche :0) #video #art #love 
@user Seeing you tomorrow night in #Houston. Would love to hear you sing Landslide by Fleetwood Mac. #fanrequest 
Scirea: leader, champion, gentleman. Juventus celebrates the life of a true great on the 26th anniversary of his... 
#OilersMobile: July 20: Sam Gagner |   @user nice to have you there for at least another year! 
Jackie Bradley Jr. becomes the 8th player since 1914 to have 5 extra-base hits in a game. First since Josh Hamilton on 5/8/2012. 
Register today for the premier Fall event in Utah for Oracle technologists! @user Fall Symposium is on Sept 23rd. 
"Teen mom 2 on Monday Ahhh can’t wait!!! Wish I could watch with @user !!! Best line ever ""im addicted...I love weed!!""" 
@user He went to the Camp Nou on sunday to watch the El Clasico!! LUCK HIM!! I hope u can guess who it is ;) 
@user In theater to see Magic Mike XXL for the 3rd times. Love this movie. 
Tackle the Monday blues with this epic Foo Fighters playlist courtesy of *your's truly* So ready for #DF15! 
You promise follow me in @user ???? It's impossible that you see this.. @user I WENT TO WWAT IN SPAIN 11 JULY 
Danny Elfman may well be the best Halloween music composer. 
Sunday a new episode of the Imperia Beats is here... Filled with amazing tunes & remixes by Ferry Corsten, Dash... 
"Steph's huge night, Kobe's incredible 4th qtr vs the Wizards. Plus, Dana White joins the desk. LISTEN: 
I believe the new Twitter update comes in time before tomorrow event. Might be seeing deeper integration with iPad Pro? SplitScreen!? #iOS 
Come on Donny grab a copy of the album go out and buy one then tweet me a picture tomorrow between 2 and 4pm and I will follow.. 
Happy Valentines day ! Don't end up where the sun don't shine make sure to get your special someone that gift from Hollywood Tans !!!!!!! 
If you missed Ian McKellan reading lyrics to Bad Blood you need to right that wrong right now 
@user you pretty much know post 18th Sept I'll be glued to PS4 playing all the DA:I DLC ;) - comics today I think 
Wolfsburg are on fire today! Today they may be announcing the signing of Draxler, Praet who was also linked with Juventus and Dante! 
"As the sun slowly sets here in Dharamsala, so does Kohli's dip in form along with it...What a ton...Well played Kohli #IndvWI" 
Guys video should be up at 20:00 PM its the 2nd part of Jurassic Park but its only a 7 min video its a Funny Momments Montage 
Bentley has the right idea! It may have been in the 90s all day, but nice and cool down in a stone basement after... 
I just realized that Go Set a Watchman comes out tomorrow!!! 
"We may not all trust in Donald Trump. But he is the only choice we have to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. We have to take a stand." #Trump2016 
We had a blast at the Jason Aldean show on Saturday! :) Check out all the pics. 
How wonderful to know that on Sat pm I will watch the glory that is Ashton's Symphonic Variations @user and @user   in afternoon 
@user I hope so!  I might see Paper Towns today and I'm going to theme park tomorrow I'm trying my best! 
@user Chris Brown ran a season best in the 400 meters for 2nd place in 44.95 at 2012 AVIVA LONDON GRAND PRIX 
Kris Bryant's smile when he gets a homer could fuel the sun @user @user 
Jurassic World is back in theatres? I think I should probably go for the 5th time then!!! 
If you’re an October baby, then Happy Valentine’s Day to your folks ... They have an annual memory 
"Going to be listening to a combination of Manran, Skerryvore, Runrig and the Vatersay boys on our drive to Inverness tomorrow. #teuchters" 
Don’t forget to see ’The Exorcist’ at the Fox Theatre on Tuesday! There’s nothing like seeing it on the big screen. 
Austin Armacost confirmed for Big Brother: The Mirror has revealed that Austin was in the running for January'... 
The fantasy world of YouGov and their weightings.  Check the raw (unweighted) figures. 
3-0 Lavezzi on fire w his 2nd goal. Too bad he couldn't do it in World Cup or Copa America. Crowd still chanting "Messi" #Argentina #Bolivia 
"Tomorrow is the last day to see Ant-Man so Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation can begin Friday, July 31st. To see... 
"lots of studying to do tomorrow so goodnight I love all you kiddos &amp; my sunshines hayley atwell, chris evans &amp; seb stan x" 
Is it wrong that Justin Bieber is growing on me and may even like him???? #Beliebers 
We're excited to learn about #cloud #analytics from @user tomorrow! Join us #tech #rva 
Anyone wanna go see some of the members from Grateful Dead and John Mayer on December 30tg 
The Spurs beat the Thunder 86-84 to win their 2nd in a row in the NBA. T.Duncan with 20 points and 8 rebounds for San Antonio. #NBA 
5th grade me and luh Jeff memorized all the NWA songs. Lol then I learned all Easy E and Ice Cube solo career songs I really been wit it 
Mr. Travis took the SATs in the 7th grade! #nerd #fact @user 
@user Friday out Bologna til Sunday morning train to Milan then Monza for the Italian Grand Prix yeah boy!!!! 
Check out this awesome 1965 Cadillac De Ville that LINC will have for the Pride Parade on Sunday! Very kindly... 
While software may be eating the world, Amazon appears to be eating everything. Amazon Prime will soon include free restaurant delivery. 
Oooh yha and the DMC and A$AP ROCKY one is 2-4th 
@user Batman &amp; Robin (Trump &amp; Cruz) please save America from the communists! May God be with you! (or it won't happen) 
"Dustin Johnson sure knows how to get an early lead on Thursday, he just can't hang on to that lead on Sunday" 
it’s my little sisters 15th birthday, Evelyn’s being a big girl for the occasion :) 
I think some spurs may just be 0 betraying the abilities of Charlie Austin. We need a different option upfront. Too much like Kane #THFC 
I asked my mom if I could go to Disneyland on Monday and she asked if Lana Parrilla was going to be there 
National Ice Cream Day is this Sunday. Be prepared to stay healthy with this delicious 3-ingredient recipe. 
@user happy 16th birthday Rella . Get drunk for me frl . Enjoy your day & wish you many more ! 
School is a lot better on game/fri/pride day 
@user Hi Mickey, IBM has a great opportunity for you!  I sent u a LI inmail.  Time for a brief call today or Friday to discuss?  Thanks! 
- Joseph Prince (FB):Don’t worry about tomorrow! Jesus, your divine servant, has gone ahead of you, p...Don’t wo... 
On Sunday's we take the Bentley to Ralph's #kevcars @ Ralphs 
#bdnews #bangladesh Cricket: Pakistan hopeful of Bangladesh visit: Pakistan’s cricket board said Sunday it hopes... 
In other news im off for the 1st weekend in 5 weeks... And ive a Batman game to be starting! 
Less than 24 hours to make your bid for the live auction of 2 tickets to the AC/DC concert this Thursday. Tickets... 
"In other news, lavalantuala looks like the 4th greatest movie of all time. Too bad it won't top Sharknado 1-3. #Sharknado3" 
I think tomorrow while the servers are down that I will have myself a Jurassic Park marathon. :D 
Turns out Yoko Kanno is the perfect soundtrack to a rainy Saturday morning. 
New listing coming in Laguna Hills, CA! 5 bed plus bonus room, pool, 3 car garage...to hit the market officially tomorrow! 
Bust it Baby by Plies feat Ne-Yo was my ishhh all 8th grade year! Reminds me of my ex.... In a good way. One of the best years 
I think David Cameron has caught the sun.... 
@user Did you greet Josh Bradley last sunday, his bday? I hope. I love your loveteam! 
@user I think @user and I were talking about Saturday how cool it would be to perform Bebop songs with Yoko Kanno in attendance. 
Our performance was unreal today man, beating Juventus 2-1 on the 2nd game of the season is a massive motivational boost for the team. 
My birthday is in November! I'm addicted to Etsy, Marshalls, and Amazon. Make it happen, friends :D 
Werth, Rendon, and Harper due up in the bottom of the 9th, #Nats trail Mets 8-7. 
@user Optimism: Pancake day on Sunday. 
Was planning on going out tomorrow night until I heard rumours that @user will be on Celebrity Juice! #cantmissthat 
@user Bentley superb. Good work ethic all game from the team. Need to build on this Saturday 
Chuck Norris is the only jan to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis. 
Literally 5th row Paul McCartney you are phenomenal 
[1/2].@BrianRathbone: In case you haven't already grabbed it. May I offer you a free fantasy ebook?  Amazon  Google 
Go support Lenny Kravitz 1st independent release. He's the Atlas of Black rock.  - #iTunes 
The 6th, a Nokia Lumia 625. Fact: My friends call it the Phablet. They didn't even see 5"+ phones before this one 
Saw Ant-Man tonight and loved it! Here's my blog review: Any views appreciated! #AntMan #marvel 
JETT LOUNGE 3701 clairmont rd ATL. one of the nicest party I been all year. DAMN this is the place to be. Ladies don’t miss it SMP Saturday 
"i love the gaul of george osborne writing an article for the guardian, grinning, giggling, dressed in a full suit on a sunday night" 
This is a Harper worth looking forward to. Go Set a Watchman's 1st chapter stuns fans with bombshell plot twist 
CALLING ALL COLTS FANS!!!! Your Sunday just got better! Colts game watch with yours truly this Sunday @user 
#7FactsAboutMyBestFriend 17, plays softball, loves the Lakers, she’s a LA girl, Junior, Birthday September, 15th & she loves her black boys! 
It's almost July and someone says they hate Taylor Swift and this girl put on a Batman mask and started lipsyncing it I think I'm in love 
"European Exchanges open with a slight rise: (AGI) Rome, October 24 - European Exchanges opened with a slight ris... 
mailjet: It's Fri...we mean Star Wars Day. May the force be with all of your emails! 
So I get to go see the Magic Mike XXL live show this Friday.. I'm in heaven 
"In interviews Tom Brady has gone back to being nice-guy, aw-shucks Tom - nothing negative about Goodell. Thurs nite: Psycho Tom returns." 
"Catching up on movies before they leave theaters.  Trainwreck was as good as everyone says it is.  Tomorrow, Ant-Man." 
All Ricky Martin’s fans interested in joining SIPs, you are welcome to do so. Theme Mustache 20oct Sat tag under #SexySoulsInterestingPics 
"Today in Beatles History (March 15, 1999): Paul McCartney is inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame." 
"Some Tegan and Pepper fun for a Friday smile. They both love the same toy. """"Shaky baby"""" was a gift from auntie Christy!" 
LMAOO! @user gonna have to fight me now... Think Ima wear my Warriors gear tomorrow just cause... LOL 
Looking forward to spinning the legs out tomorrow. Check out the profile of the bike course from Ironman Wales. 
@user and @user like Israel as a good place to do business. #Israel ranks as the 25th best place. Proud #IoT 
E L James’ writing caliber is that of a 2nd grader. Throw in some bondage though and you’ve got a best seller 
"Good luck to everyone at Ironman Wales tomorrow, hope you all have a great day! #IMWales" 
@user  G'Evening 2 the Savvy Gorgeous Author #May ur life strive of affluent nirvana #Sagacious_Sass 
@user Kane, Karlsson, Getzlaf, Couture available for my 1st pick. Who would you take? I want Forsberg and/or Buff." 
@user Will you be having an anniversary outdoor concert like you did for your 20th with Michael Ball? That was an amazing evening!! 
What a Sunday this could be! English to beat the French and Wiggo to wrap up Paris-Nice isn’t too much to ask for is it? 
"No work for the rest of the week means Ant-Man tomorrow morning, followed by a trip to the comic shop, and much lazing about." 
"A phone isn't just about specs, its about the experience. This is where the Moto G (3rd Gen) excels! #android" 
OHHH BOY. Love me some @user new music in 2016 Music Dispatch: Gorillaz May Collaborate with David Bowie 
RDJ &amp; Chris Evans will be on Kimmel tonight! ABC is a Disney owned company &amp; they love to drop trailers on a Tuesday! #Marvel #CivilWar 
"I can't even remotely believe that I'm going to see Sam Smith in person, with my own two eyes, this Friday." 
I think Ni**as In Paris may be the greatest song ever made 
Regionals game at Panther Stadium tomorrow night! Everyone go and support our Panthers!! But you HAVE TO BE LOUD! Derby vs. North! #Playoffs 
HERE COMES THE SUN is one of the best songs written by George Harrison <3 
STAR wishes all the #students at @user a #stressfree time registering for classes. May sage be with you @user 
The happy NASA video as #Curiosity landed = nerd equivalent of the live feeds of bubble teams making the NCAA Tourney on Selection Sunday 
Michael Jackson is like the sun.He’s so hot,and 4950675967586785768455636 kilometers far from me. 
@user @user just saw jennifer Hudson on 26th street she looks great!! Super skinny 
It’s Super Bowl Sunday for the kids! On the turf in Chardon. #TimeToWin #HereWeGo 
Just two days to go until the publishing event of the decade! Go Set a Watchman is out on Tuesday and you can... 
Hmmm. so it may not be Ric Flair after all. someone else will be the new judge. IS IT STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN? :O 
"Kinda, yes! I went to see Equalizer tonite! I like it. It was very interesting modern day John Wayne movie...U may like it. @user 
"Walks into work tomorrow morning: ""Kevin how was your weekend?"" Oh it was great, Kanye west made me understand my whole entire existence" 
@user Catelynn and Tyler are speaking Tuesday, the 9th at 8:30 PM, in the South Ballroom of the Bernhard Center. fo' free!" 
"The people in my area are just now discovering Waving Flag. Tomorrow, we will go over Chuck Norris jokes for the first time." 
I hope y’all come 2 Take Ur Loved One 2 the Doctor Day at Liacouras Center Saturday. I gotta be there at 730am & need entertainment!!! 
"Although it's not Paul McCartney, just bought So You Think You Can Dance live tix in Nov for mom and I. We'll make it a night out   :)" 
@user aw! You're such a sweetheart! Def! I'm going to be in Dallas for Thanksgiving, so I'll be Black Friday shopping! LET'S MEET UP!" 
good to see NFL back on the BBC, shame the highlights isn't till November thou. 
FINALLY washed off all the blood. I had so much fun running around as Abigail today. Decided I'm doing Nigel and Hannibal tomorrow. 
@user hair,it's downtown on 10th st.Gucci &amp; Dani does nice hair" 
PSA: I'm dressing up as Lowery from Jurassic World on Movie Monday for Spirit Week, so nobody steal my idea please and thank you 
"just like the old times.. :D   ""Brock Lesnar confronts The Undertaker: Raw, July 20, 2015""  
i may or may not have just spent $30 on beyonce related things on etsy 
Had a good day of ball with the Slackers today finishing undefeated in our pool! Gonna rest up and looking forward to more ball tomorrow! 
Looks like @user may still be in the handset/smartphone business!  #SurfacePhone #Windows10 
Bernie Sanders should win the democratic nomination easily. Living through his entire term if he wins, may be a different story. 
100% sure i'll have the lyrics to every song on calibraska memorized by tomorrow 
@user Nintendo may have wanted to make it E10+, so they left him out. I dunno, probably not true 
Monday Night Raw on tonight Cena's back and Brock Lesnar and Undertaker are back! 
i may or may not be looking through all of norman reedus' filmography so i can watch all of it 
@user Do you know how i can meet Ed Sheeran tomorrow? 
"May your life be filled with love, joy, laughter, warmth, happiness and a bouquet of Eid wishes now and forever. Happy Eid ul Fitr!" 
Caitlyn Jenner was once a man but is now happier as a women and that's fine he may not be attractive but he is happy 
"Last day of the best tour I've been on.  ""Bad Blood"" single @user / @user single on Friday.  Life rules! 
Heading to @user media day, which gets underway shortly here in SF.  Good news early on, with Stanford picked to finish 4th in media poll. 
Whoaaaa...! #MESSI's show is on.. MESSI with the 2nd Goal... MESSI scored a brace. The greatest ever has destroyed them. #ARGvBOL 
@user The first SCUPAD meeting of enthusiastic planners took place at the Schloss in '65, so they may have met Julie Andrews :-)" 
Lovely overhead (coronal) #auroraborealis seen the night of September 6 at Fairbanks Alaska by M. Murray! 
SBS : Emails will start going out tomorrow. Thank you, everyone, for your patience! 
Happy Friday everyone...Starting off we have...  Bee Gees with Country Woman 
@user I just saw Jurassic World for the 3rd time I hope you honor my commitment 
@user Now I'm thinking about Ice Cube, especially about eyebrow. Japan is almost 14th. I wanna go US to watch the movieeee!!!" 
RT @user anderson silva is the 4th best mw in the world. sonnen  okami  lombard  silva. lol at p4p best 
Summerslam may be interesting after all! @user saves the day again. #Raw 
I love Asia, she’s the first friend I made down here in 7th grade. 
Grandeza Mexicana Dance Academy would like to invite you to our 6th annual showcase! Please come and support :D <3 
Hillary and Chelsea are beautiful women.  May God continue to bless you President Clinton. 
Please feel free to jump on the bandwagon tomorrow and support Paul Dunne. Off 2.30pm. #longlunch #proudmoment 
"A very wonderful and much expected call from the Super Eagles handler Sunday Oliseh, Mikel and Moses don't deserve a call up for now." 
Don’t forget to get your self out to BettyVirginia Park tomorrow @ 10am for the Kickball Tournament! #IPittyTheFoolThatCantKickItOldSchool 
"Good Night guys, not in the mood for anything right now :D Enjoy today! To all Singaporeans, Happy Independence Day!" 
Someone come and see Seinfeld with me in November!!!!!! 
True Blood tonight #Yesssss! 
@user its midnight here in brazil so happy 23rd birthday, hope you enjoy your day and never stop being this amazing girl you are <3 
@user :) Most def, i think when you come tomorrow the boys will be here. 
"In celebration of Mother's Day in #Argentina, we will be treating Mom's to a glass of bubbly with #brunch tomorrow! 
Just got done watching wwe Monday night raw I'm glad Seth rollins stayed the champion Randy Orton came close of being the champion 
If you didn't know!!!! CHRIS EVANS AND ROBERT DOWNIE JR. MAY RELEASE THE CIVIL WAR TRAILER TONIGHT ON THE JIMMY KIMMEL SHOW!!!!! OMG OMG!! 
First Lady Michelle Obama is a elegant and classy 1st Lady who presence touch the heart of us all #LoveMyPresident&amp;FirstLady @user 
Seinfeld may be the only thing I care about anymore 
@user My little Harry Kenyon celebrates his 2nd birthday today with Prince George 
@user I like the 3 better. &amp; actually, based on 2015 consumer reports, Mazda's ranked 2nd in best car brands.A few points behind Lexus 
Fans bought Niall a guitar to give to him at the OTRA Gillette show September 12! 
Name the story and season. Earth  5th Doctor Tegan and Nyssa  Omega  Amsterdam  Name the story and season. Worth 4000 credits 
Need a job?! Amazon will be on campus tomorrow prepared to offer jobs on the spot!! 10-4pm CST 
Good news to all Milan fan. May be it time to return to continental football #ucl 
So tomorrow is when Lexus are meant to be launching their hover board. Can't wait to see whether it is legit or a PR campaign. #Hoverboard 
Got so much accomplished today ! i hope to see lots of happy faces tomorrow @user Rim for the wine&cheese info for Bella Bay ! :) 
@user Will there ever be a season 2 of Terra Nova??  Just finished the 1st season on netflix and LOVED IT!!  I want more :-( 
@user Hey, June! His world tour will be at Singapore Indoor Stadium on 10 November! haha, interested to go for it as well?" 
I'm gunna look exactly like madonna tomorrow at the fashion show 
I’m so gonna snatch up all the leftover #Halloween candy at CVS tomorrow #letmeloveyou 
Justin's album comin out november 13th retweet if you can't wait #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber 
@user Try to get the 13th anniversary one! It's the best one, and it's two discs. :Db The second disc is covers and Danny Elfman." 
@user @user @user @user Seinfeld when Kramer is lost and confused, "I'm on the corner of 1st and 1st? 
"Every time I don't have anything to do, I'll watch the shows I stopped halfway. LOL And it's Teen Top's MTA today. :P" 
Weekly round up of transfer news and the fc gomel game.: I am glad to say i was present and sat in the Lower Cen... 
@user Happy Iron Maiden Friday to you too 
I'm going to Katy Perry's concert tomorrow and I have never been more excited in my whole life! #PrismaticWorldTour @user 
I think it's fair to say that Brock Lesnar is winning this Sunday #raw @user 
@user Have fun tonight Aladdin Beanie Baby Brun! 
"On Wall Street, bulls are upbeat at the conclusion of a volatile week. Housing Starts +6.3%. #Marketsong: """"Friday On My Mind"""" by Easybeats" 
RT @user i would kiss Beyonce's pearl before i go too bedd every night if she wass my wife... 
I'm so nervous for next Tuesday I'm so excited to see who's going to brought on the stage with shawn 
Personally, I like Rick Perry and appreciate what he did for Texas. But as president...dunno. He may start a war by mispronouncing something 
"Amsterdam, be ready. Saturday, after show, a group of spanish guys will go singing and dancing u2 songs on the street. Camon." 
Tfw ur on ur way to see Ant-Man for the 3rd time 
"Our Top Picks for This Weekend (It's HUGE)   FRI | Twilight Carols &amp; Christmas Market with Peter Combe, Stepney... 
"No matter rain or shine our Warehouse Manager, Curtis, is always willing to unload donations. Today it was Sun... 
This is the only time as a Yankees Fan that I want the Red Sox to win so the Yankees can take over 1st place. 
"The Top 5 Marvel Cinematic Universe Films of Phase 1 and Phase 2:  With the release of Ant-Man, Phase 2 of Mar... 
Sat in bed watching twilight cause I'm just that tucking cool right now!! 
I really wish I was going to see AC/DC this Tuesday... 
Natasa Ex Catholic lady she converted to Islam few month's ago may Allah Guide All of us and bless her. 
Thank GOD I'm spending tomorrow night with Tegan while all my rich friends have a crazy mental time in town without us 
Related: spending my Saturday watching the original Man From U.N.C.L.E. on Amazon Prime because HOW HAVE I NOT DONE THIS BEFORE?????? 
@user  supporting AAPL in NYC 5th ave store wife n her friend each bought an Apple Watch plus the place is packed. Business is booming 
"Return of Chicago's beloved son, Derrick Rose, will be February 28 at home v 76ers. Same team same floor. 1 day before 10 months #justaguess" 
may or may not have just signed up to do morning yoga at the sleeping beauty castle hehe 
"1st impression of Kanye West music: Creative, great bass beats but it was better when others sang on his songs. Nice beats, though." 
@user @user kinda me on Tuesday lol I was numb and done with Hannibal it was scary. Hopped back on the feels train on Wed tho 
RIP Frank Gifford enjoyed many a Monday Night listening and watching u call the NFL 
Circe 2008. The day I got my acceptance letter to U of O. Can’t believe tomorrow I’ll be taking my last test 
Y’all know that one boy that makes it seem like he won 1st place in the Kentucky Derby whenever he gets a good grade. Yeah. We have that now 
"We are going for our third straight win today, and if Christian Ponder is locked in an attic somewhere, we'll be all alone in 1st! #GoPackGo" 
This Monday come and laugh your hearts outs all @user with  @user @user @user at Hilton Hotel 
Catch up with Naruto and watched a few movies today! Friday well spent! 
@user @user @user @user I was going to suggest Saturday Nights alright for fighting by Elton for him... hehe 
"She said 'I've got tickets to Iron Maiden, baby; come with me Friday, don't say maybe.' I rock out like a kid to this song every. Time." 
@user I saw your YouTube VMware player tomorrow. Does it allow you to operate freely within the virtual is instance? Oracle vm didn't. 
@user Saturday I buy my ticket for the #TMHTOUR in Belgium! I’m so happy! :) 
Just wanna listen to nirvana til the sun comes up 
Well done @user And great job with Justin winning the 18s doubles. 
@user Hey come to Tallahassee Saturday. Good, it’s decided then. 
@user it was really nice to hear from u thanks hope ur enjoying ur time off I'll c u Dec 1st in Binghamton NY 
#entrepreneur #angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / Super Bowl Sunday treat 
"My column on why Tom Brady speaking Sunday did wonders for everyone, including himself. Onto the Steelers- WEEI |... 
@user My oldest niece was born in September. It's almost always hot on her birthday. P.s.Went to the lake for Labor Day weekend &amp; melted 
"No. It's okay. You can go attend Miss USA! Trust me, you should DEFINITELY attend Miss USA. 
I may be the last human on Earth to see Magic Mike XXL, but tonight it's happening. 
Kris Bryant is pretty good at baseball. I think he just might have a future in it. #youhearditherefirst 
Phoenix Comicon: A Rhyn Comic?: I had a blast at the Phoenix Comicon. It ended Sunday evening then we drove home... 
"U2 tickets for @user on sale on Monday. Will be a tough ticket, &amp; will be concert of the year. #u2Belfast" 
Arsenal reportedly tracking the progress of Leverkusen's Schurrle and Schalke's Holtby as the Gunners seek to strengthen their squad in Jan. 
@user Dark Souls games look fun, I may have to try them out at some point. It's fun watching you play them." 
@user Naruto of course. I'm on like my 6th damn time watching SAO it's just soooo damn good 
@user Tomorrow is Yakub's daughter's 21st birthday. Hope she will have a better tomorrow. 
interview w Arnie on dinner in Mexico with Wilt Chamberlain and Andre the Giant-mighty collection of fools, but admit you’d love to the 4th! 
@user  Dear Mr. Trump, you should be the 1st candidate to offer debate spot to Carly Fiorina,or boycott debate if she is left out" 
AC/DC concert coming in September 8 at ford field already got me 2 tickets hell yeah! Just need to find me someone to go with ! Center stage 
so glad I don't have to retake the Pssa's tomorrow. Good luck to the 200 some that do. Hahaha #ratchet 
"Luxury condo ONE Ala Moana unveiled: HHMK Development, LCC announced Thursday details about the new luxury... 
Wolves finish LA tour with Lakers: Kobe Bryant made history in Sunday’s NBA All-Star Game in time champion. The ... 
@user  Wish your match with Barca vs Eibar  will success this Sunday ... Show us your charm.... 
"Locked and loaded for IGTOA this weekend at Lough Erne, home to LK tonight playing @user tomorrow forecast looking good! #linksgolf" 
News: Pudsey pays a visit! - IF YOU went down to Cascades on Saturday you'd be sure of a big surprise. 
"Have you read Go Set a Watchman, yet? It's well worth a read! Come chat about it with us on the 29th at 7pm in our 1st book club! #aberdeen" 
Andrew Luck is going to be on the September 10th cover of the Rolling Stone. That's badass. 
@user the 1st day I ever watched a Kidrauhl videoThe one of u singing in the mirror #Believe I thought u were adorable&u still r (; 
Pope Benedict XVI 1st to quit in about 600 yrs, feared a bad pope would be chosen.  
Get in!! Murray take the 3rd!! (Anderson leads 7-6 6-3 6-7) #USOpen2015 
YOLO? Ofcourse, but with in that life span yu may be an become 5 diff ppl, the life we live in aint the only life we gone have, be smart 
See you Tomorrow at SM Bacolod :) 
@user Geaux Tigers! I’ll be in Death Valley Saturday night for the Game of the Century III 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day - here are some awesome deals on ice cream for you to check out!  
@user enjoy your last night in swansea! Thursday is all about sin city #sinsavers 
WINNER - our train station at Glossop has just been awarded 1st in Best Station Development Category at national award ceremony. #teamwork 
Always remember Frank Gifford doing Monday Night Football man you're going to be missed rip 
I will cry til oct/nov if I get to see Justin bieber in a private box at the o2 
Finally got my hands on Dre's new album #Compton. On my 3rd listen through and all I can think about is how Snoop Dogg went off! 
"I may have been mad for a day,but I'm so proud of Zayn now" 
my last rt is what I'm being to philly tomorrow for Niall ! you should go check it out and rt (: ~j 
A very young Dobber had the privilege of watching Frank Gifford providing commentary on Monday Night Football. Much respect #RIPFrankGifford 
"By Tom Perry BEIRUT, Dec 7 (Reuters) - A Syrian opposition meeting due to begin in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday marks the most serious effort" 
Anyone want to go to Jason Aldean concert with me tomorrow night? I can get two tickets for 30 a piece!!!!!!!! 
"Vanilla Fudge, Friday nite. Tanner Park Copiague NY. FREE concert on the water. No Mark Stein. WHat an amazing... 
I'm super hyped to read all the opinion pieces and blog posts about the Grammys tomorrow. #GRAMMYs" 
"Hey Manila, it's Before You Exit, and we're inviting you, you, you to come see us at the Mall of Asia with our buddies The Vamps on Jan 30" 
Make sure you head down &amp; see @user singing at Westfield Parramatta this Saturday at 10:30 &amp; 2:30 on the main stage! :) x 
It only took 5 days for them to fix the broadband outage. China Telecom may be improving. 
so I just found out today that I might get to see Michelle Obama on Friday 
The Fiesta Bowl was pleasantly surprised Monday to learn it is one of six finalists to hos 
@user Out with the old, in with the new, shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight Frankie, kept a cool head! #andthenew 
@user have a big show on in Melb tonight then back in Singapore on Sunday for a month!! 
The Land Before Time is on Netflix...I may cry with happy tears 
@user can’t wait for @user to hit up AZ on Sunday! Let the debauchery begin! 
It makes me happy to see that Ron Jaworski isn’t on Monday Night Football. Suck it @user 
I know it’s only November but I’ve already decided to be Lana Del Rey next Halloween when my hair is natural brown #girlcrush 
tell you who loves a weekend away!! @user fancy a weekend away for Crufts in March? #LadsOnTour 
Come out to the Bentley trade show tomorrow.  It'll be a rainy day so this is the perfect event for you.  I have... 
"Just to let you know, Antonio Carluccio might mention us on The Great British Food Revival, BBC2 at 7pm tomorrow." 
"Early heads up for the Dimensionaughts! Be Ready, friday night we pay Respect &amp; I mean Respect to Iron Maiden. Ya Snooze Ya Lose  #URE" 
Seriously. This England qualifier looks like it's being filmed on a crappy Nokia phone. Feels like I'm watching Sunday league football 
@user aladdin looked very happy in the field today, and came over to say hi when we rode round the jumps :)" 
#TodayInMusicHistory Michael Jackson earned his 12th and last solo #1 during his lifetime with the song "You Are... 
kpop fans may have their beefs and whatever but when its time to stand up for kpop as whole we do it together #FanArmyFaceOff 
Messi has scored 10+ goals outside Camp Nou for the 6th consecutive season: 25 - 21 - 23 - 27 - 32 - 10 (ongoing) 
@user could you send a dm telling my grandson happy 4th birthday please it would make his day. Btw he was at Niall bday in Cali 
"I liked a @user video Arnold Schwarzenegger and Joe Manganiello join Hulk Hogan in the ring: Raw, March 24," 
@user By the skin of their teeth... Gregg Williams.. Easily 2nd best D Coordinator y’all ever had 
@user Thank you for great share. You may like to re-share IBM Marketing &amp; Comms Jobs w your Network . 
Bob Marley fans, your dream will come true soon as @user and the Wailers is coming to perform, Sept 7 at Explosition Park, #LosAngeles. 
Ed Sheeran and Sunday mornings just go together 
Celebrate the Chinese New Year in #Shanghai (around February) and see a dragon dance during the Spring Festival! Amazing experience! 
Tomorrow is KARWA- CHOTH Delhi is going MAD  !!!!!!! 
@user going to see the mighty Watford play Spurs tomorrow 
@user Anyone who plays Football manager knows Vermalen is 1st choice captain. Besides, Arsenal play better with a defender in charge" 
Hey it's Wednesday so its time to take another easy to read look at a presidential hopeful.  Who is Carly Fiorina? 
@user Nice! Disagreement! Of course, he sat down with Boehner only thi (@YouTube 
Listen to John Cena 6th WWE Theme Song - The Time Is Now lmfao might as well listen to it its everywhere 
Happy b' day Prince George. May lord Jesus fulfill all ur wishes. 
THSK was the 2nd foreign singer that can have ranked 1st on Oricon Weekly Chart twice with 2 songs: purple line n beautiful you.. 
New Mgla and Iron Maiden are going to be fighting HARD for my time on Friday 
Have you heard the news? Our next meetup is on September 10th with Ryan Berry of @user RSVP now for free -&gt; 
Michelle Obama is one of the most active 1st ladies since Eleanor Roosevelt tbh 
Ugh! Michelle Obama was selected the Best Dressed Woman by The Sunday Times (Time). 
"Lady Gaga's housewives intro makes the trans proud ""they may say I'm a woman, but underneath I'm all men""" 
"Excited for the Colts game with my love, @user Sunday :)" 
@user okay but you need to go to Berkmar so we can see each other everyday and it could be like 7th grade. 
Not bashing on Calibraska because I liked it but true because so many girls are not here for the music.  
I don't think there's a better way to start a Sunday than with Bob Marley 
Brock Lesnar vs The Undertaker match next Sunday is going to be great. 
Clever! || Australian captain Michael Clarke teams up with Louis Vuitton in special cricket trunk design | Herald Sun: 
Make sure you join our live #InterfaceSpeaks Google Hangout tomorrow &amp; talk all things #ecodesign at 1pm (GMT) 
Star Wars day is tomorrow!!! Super jealous of everyone who has already seen it/ is seeing it tonight BUT work decided this for me 
"Got a busy week this weekend,,, Goin to watch Bolton Wanderers on Saturday and then going to my nieces christening :D :D :D" 
Absolutely awesome interview with Paul Dunne just now. Kinda pulling for the amateur to lift the jug tomorrow. 
ONLY 9 DAYS till I support Laidback Luke for the 3rd time & also La Fuente on the bill @ The Arches on the 9th... 
HALL OF FAMER Frank Gifford a NFL Legend on the field and in the booth calling the games on Monday Night Football... 
The reason TFI isn't as good now is cos the 1st time around Chris Evans was on the verge of a breakdown and it was incredible watching him 
@user get well soon Tressa! have a nice day tomorrow :)) 
#FollowMeHayes @user I share a bday with Justin bieber lmao remember to wish me on March 1st ;) 
"I'm pretty sure it's Wacky Wednesday at MSA right now.... I actually want that right now, except without the 'MSA' part #happyhalloween" 
Before We Go (Blu-ray) BRAND NEW just released 2015 Chris Evans:  $1.25 (2 Bids)End Date: Saturday Nov-14-2015... 
"Really enjoying the #emmy's tonight while doing some homework.  Hi-lites so far: Melissa McCarthy, Steve Levitan's wife, & Jane Lynch rocks!" 
James Murphy may b right-If pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music, even just to impress-you pry win in end 
@user I'm coming over 3 hours 2 see you at Hype park at London in august, can't wait :) please follow me xx" 
Update from a couple of days ago: Gerontius is in fact the best piece of music ever! I hope everyone will tune into BBC radio 3 on Friday... 
Wishing it was October so I can see Sam Smith already. 
@user Jersey Shore begins in Spain today !! I can't wait at the night ! 
See Traversive Territories until it's too late! On view now until September 7. Free admission sponsored by IBM.... 
Katy Perry and her people got it right with Last Friday Night 
HAPPY 2ND BIRTHDAY TO PRINCE GEORGE aka the cutest little thing on the planet 
@user i've just bought your album tomorrow i'll buy the tickets for your concert it is so intense can't wait to see you in milan mygod 
Meet the South African who put 'Game of Thrones' on the map &gt; in #SundayTimes Lifestyle tomorrow 
@user Brock Lesnar may be the Beast but @user @user &amp; @user are pretty sexy beasts too 
ive been with nirvana since sat it was a date every night 
currently sitting on the stairs at CBS Scene listening to Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney so I can prepare myself for when I see him tomorrow 
Tomorrow is the deciding factor for the University of Denver, excited to see what it’s like from a student’s perspective 
@user What happened to the track Here I Am? It had a Bob Marley sample from Sun is Shining. Track sounded nice. Can you release it? 
I really do love cous cous but boy it goes bloody everywhere. I blame Clarkson, Hammond and May for the distraction. 
September 6th and Bad Blood is still the best song of all time 
First day since April 24th that I haven't worn my Apple Watch, and quite by accident. The day of glancing at an empty wrist begins. 
"Very excited to see Ant-Man tomorrow but after I've seen it, I will have seen all MCU films this yearAKA I have to wait 9 months for another" 
11 hours until Apple announces the iPhone 6S, here's what to expect: 
#EGGPLANT LETS GO new winner of the iPod and may we reach out goal Hazzah and Mark are you going to pax south 
"Iron Maiden - Run to the Hills (Rock in Rio) via @user Since I'm having a quiet, peaceful Sunday - why not this 1" 
God it even looks like the setting of Twilight in the background. 
@user @user lol I will take Nat's word & give it a try. I may go back 2 Supernatural later, watching Arrow, Last Resort now 2" 
The title track off of the October 30th 'If I Can Dream' release has been exclusively premiered by Rolling Stone.... 
Cannot wait to play San Fran on Sunday. If we can beat them at home for the NFC Championship we can beat them now. 
Black Friday x Kendrick and J Cole oh my goodness I can't stop playing it 
Making a difference in the world! #20 overall and 1st IT company. IBM on the Change the world via @user 
I wanna go to the queen Mary tomorrow-_- 
"who remembers that time they played Nirvana at the 8th grade dance and a ""mosh pit"" happened because I have the video still LOLOL." 
@user hope you have a nice day tomorrow at MetLife :) 
Burgers, ales, wine, Magic Mike XXL. Way to make Monday bearable. #magicmikexxl 
@user good day? you still at Lechlade tomorrow? 
"Best Elton John song in 25 years and it's not Elton. It's Hozier, bluesy Irish singer. Heavy video. Album out Tuesday" 
Asia stocks mostly up on US, China data: Asian stock markets advanced Friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the U.S. and Chi... 
"I remember Charlie Hebdo, the world stood still in a million man march for them. Even the Nigerian space too joined and forgot our own ills" 
LAST CHANCE!!! I have 2 Eric Church tickets for tomorrow night at the State Fair. PLEASE text or message me if interested! 
And, SURPRISE SURPRISE, majority of the people, sat in the window seats, have gotten off at Murdoch. Wankers 
Are you ready for our new 2048 app launch tomorrow? Build binaries for IOS, Android, Windows Phones and Tablets.... 
goodnight have a great night I need to go to bed because I have school on Tuesday and sleep schedule is messed up ok Shawn loves you 
This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. Do you have a favorite ice cream book? 
From the Archives: :  Nokia Lumia 800: Monday Morning Surprise    #gadgetreview #mobile 
Sports-Soccer-Home: Youth Soccer Program. Pre-K through 8th Grade. Soccer is the world's most popular sport and ... 
Lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte, and it’s possibly the best latte I’ve ever had. I’ll be back tomorrow to give him all my money. 
I CAN'T WAIT to see Nicki at the VMA'S tomorrow 
Trifecta will be performing at the 19th Green in Jeffersonville IN on Thursday Sept 6 @ 8pm!  Come join the party! 
"National Ice Cream Day is July 19, and to 'top it off' we're offering 25% off all our ice cream toppings! 
"Hey! Our August book, Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee is out tomorrow for all you eager readers!" 
Sungkyunkwan scandal for the 3rd time!!! Can’t get enough of Park Yoochun, Park MinYoung, Song JoongKi and especially Yoo Ah In! :) 
Al Michaels &amp; Frank Gifford provided the soundtrack for Monday Night Football when I was just getting into the game. A true Renaissance man. 
.@MiamiSmokers is joining us for National Hot Dog day on the 23rd. Hawt dawg! 
every time i listen to promise by Romeo Santos the 1st person who comes to mind is @user :)) 
"Kanye West may be a good rapper, but Eminem is the rap god" 
Sunday talking about Shakespeare class at Oxford U. Go, Bard! Here is hall from Harry Potter 
@user You know I miss you too Frankie, I’m always telling you! What you doing Saturday? 
@user Article highlighted SS501 as one of the 3 top groups in the 2nd generation of KPop idol (fr 2005 onwards) 
"I'm a hit it up, beat it up, latch on to it until tomorrow  #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
Happy Monday! Stop by Volare tonight for ROASTED DUCK!  HALF ROASTED CRISPY DUCK SERVED with BABY SPINACH and... 
Today @user launches, with apps for iOS and Android devices in the US and UK, here is what you need to know 
@user Pipa, a tweet in support of Alonso Ezquerra. & his family. May he rest in peace 
Such a lovely table decoration for a special night!!! May you smell Christmas??  #London #HR #jobs #recruiter 
"I brought up going to see Switchfoot in Austin on a school night to mom, and she was like """"Okay, cool. Dallas, too!""""......THAT WAS TOO EASY." 
@user Robert Griffin the III (3rd). The quarter back for Washington. (he's a youngster, but he's SUPER good)." 
Proud of Aishwarya’s French honour: Big B: Mumbai, Nov 2 (IANS) Megastar Amitabh Bachchan says he is proud that ... 
might as well go see Ant-Man for the 4th time again since its release.. 
Chris Brown &amp; Trey's remixes to Tuesday, 24 Hours, Made Me &amp; Studio are better than all the originals 
Btw They are announcing the Galaxy Note 5 Thursday #Copped 
"29 March 1987 - Wrestlemania III-93,173 watch Hulk Hogan beat Andre the Giant. 
@user well Lexus is taking us all to six flags next Sunday so I had to do it now so I could go on over there lol 
going to Cobham tomorrow, BEYOND excited. 
"Jumu'ah is an Eid in itself and the Friday prayer is more virtuous than both Eid prayes combined. Abandoning it is a sin. #JumuahReminder""" 
Kendrick Lamar leased God's body when he was recording Black Friday. 
On Tuesday, 10/27, starting at 4:00pm PST, watch the Michael Jackson's This Is It movie live red carpet premiere on 
Why can’t Sean’s season of The Bachelor just start Monday? #roses #TheBachelor #EXCITED #bestshow 
@user See that Wednesday scarf in the Packers locker room haha 
"night college course sorted, just have to enrole tomorrow now.. finally starting to figure out what i wanna do :-) #busyday" 
Happy 4th from the studykas:) @ Pomona Fairplex 
Plies at center stage next Friday lol you better go get yo man! @user 
WOW. Conor McGregor with a 2nd round stoppage just as he predicted. He can't seem to go wrong. #believer #ConorMcGregor #ChadMendes #UFC189 
Friday in #SylvanLake! Midway rides then Jurassic World outside on the big screen! 
I'm soooooooo goin to my Chicago bulls game on Feb 1st against the nets. Epic!!!!!! I need a date though 
Safe and Sound on 57th and 11th...hoping that they clean up Sandy quickly for those that were in her path. Love you all! 
"Briana's 20th bday bash in January , just wait on it." 
@user Time for the europeans to enjoy U2 sitting on the couch on a friday evening :-) 
"Wishing ""-./'/.-""  You    )""""(  HappY   (==)  EID    )__( Mubarak     for you and your family . . . . . 3rd day" 
3rd time seeing Kendrick and he never fails to disappoint 
"Cardiff for some beers tonight and London for beers tomorrow night before we fly out to Milan on Friday, let's get packing!" 
@user @user is a treasure. He has helped so many people come to terms with Islam. He has unique gift. May Allah preserve him 
Wondering About Carly Fiorina's Stance on the 2nd Amendment? Wonder No More... 
"Time to roll out the red (yellow blue and green) carpet, looking forward to Google coming in to pitch their new opportunity today at Kinetic" 
Kendrick Lamar became the 2nd most nominated artist at #GRAMMYs in a single night(11). The 1st one is Michael J.(12) 
"Finally sat and watched it. David Bowie's #Blackstar is PERFECT. More of this, less of everything else." 
in my dream last night Zayn came and sat down next to me at one direction's concert and I like gave him dirty looks the whole time 
Very exciting. Love David Price and he is going to love CRazy Corn. Go Jays Go!!! 
Hi @user I absolutely loved @user testimony of faith about Frank Gifford on @user this Mon AM. Beautiful tribute! 
@user on Sunday in Milan it's Derby Day! I'm re-wearching that video about it, Sick. #Amala #forzaInter" 
Yesterday Venus and Serena Williams faced off for the 5th time in the US Open quarter finals. Here's what Serena... 
Kris Bryant just knocked his second homer of the day (and Cubs' fifth overall) to give Chicago a 9-2 lead. His 19th of the year. #CubsTalk 
@user Not heard that song since uni. Tottenham supprting friend singing about Arsenal when we went to watch them play Shef Wed. 
"I believe in Islam like I believe in the sun rising. Not because I can see it, but because by it, I see everything. Alhamdulillah" 
Tell us what #GoToHexIsLike and it may be read on our Podcast!!!   (Ex. #GoToHexIsLike Game of Thrones, but replace the Dragons with Dicks) 
Can't wait for January 8 so I could lock myself in a dark room&amp;listen to the entirety of blackstar.Weird David Bowie music is the best music 
Amy Schumer's honest post may actually inspire you to strip down: 
DEAL: Nexus 6 Drops to $349 at Best Buy Too: On Friday, Amazon cut the price of the Nexus 6 across the board b... 
@user Saturday morning movies at the theatre! Tom & Jerry, The Jungle Book! Loved that I always got to bring a friend! #PositiveThurs 
Definitely rooting for Paul Dunne to take home the British Open tomorrow 
"RIP Frank Gifford, the original voice of Monday Night Football with Cosell and Meredith" 
Love that Seinfeld episode in the picture 
Good Morning Edmonton! It's Friday!! We hope you have an amazing day. This is what you have to look forward too #yeg 
"#TodaysJoke Prince George's 2nd Birthday, official photos have been released.   The Suns show the Queen pointing to balloons on the walls!" 
I hope we watch the concert tomorrow.. I need to see Danee!! 
Man I love @user stayed the night last night from Detroit and we had a blast. Love you 2wee.Even tho we're right nxt to e/o HA 
Astrology may be a blasphemous concept to some, but I am the absolute epitome of my sign. Every last detail. 
Wow!! Lady Gaga is actually at the Britney Spears Femme Fatale Concert tonight!!! She still listens to her music!!!! WOW!!! 
"is here, may God bless u with happiness and joy. Happy Eid?" 
The best event of the year is coming up...Alberta Children's Hospital Candy Cane Gala on December 6th! Proud supporter! 
Happiest Baby on the Block Class is being offered at National Nanny Training Day April 28th 
Bright Side Of The Sun - Recapping the Recaps: See what others said about the Suns loss to Warriors #suns 
-agent april is going with me to raccoon city. I bet Carla got something in store for us... But im always ready to Fight- 
@user not sure if reported but Hulk Hogan will be on Good Morning America tomorrow giving exclusive on part with WWE 
Fireworks Spectacular on Saturday night - 1000s queuing for big wheel...Then the sun shone on moving Remembrance Service. A Welly weekend! 
David Price pitched the #BlueJays past the #Orioles to earn his 100th career win on Saturday. 
Why Mulayam Singh Yadav's Samajwadi Party may not dump the Congress after all 
I’ve always loved SPC, now know as SPU. I’m excited to attend the career fair tomorrow ! :) 
OMG! Mariah Carey performed at Israel, I can still remember You Don't Mess With Zohan. Israelis may be the happiest people last night. :D 
"Kendrick Lamar made history as the 2nd most Grammy-nominated artist in a single year,Trailing just behind Michael Jackson #ToPimpAbutterfly" 
@user you may have not won at Mario Kart, but you proved that Minecraft is your kingdom! #BowDown #LoGLive 
"Happy New Year to those who aren’t into """"Anno Domini"""". Shana Tovah & all that good jazz! Looking forward to the Chinese New Year in Feb." 
I'll set my DVR to record the encore so I can watch Nicki's performance tomorrow. 
I liked a @user video Ricky Gervais talks 10th Anniversary The Office with Brad Blanks in New York City 
"#Gawker Nigerian Army Frees 101 Children, 77 Adults From Boko Haram: On Sunday, the Nigerian army announced it... 
Please join us tomorrow for a meet and greet with Gov. Scott Walker at the Derry VFW at 11-45. 
I always look forward to tuesday nights just because Styled To Rock is on 
@user Congrats for the 10 Million of Lovatics, our Body is ready for your 4th album, love ya <3" 
Just used a colon. Holy Punctuation, Batman. It's nearly half-one in the morning. Sleepy Saturday. 
Might see Jurassic World again tomorrow. It's the last day to see it and it's Ty's birthday so.. 
Just close your eyes the sun is going down. You’ll be alright no one can hurt you now. The morning light you and I will be Safe and Sound... 
About to see Ant Man... I don't expect it to be as good as A Bug's Life, Antz, or Seinfeld's "the Bee Movie"... But I may BEE surprised 
"Lloyd Robertson's last newscast is tomorrow night.  The end of an amazing career. And honestly, the end of an era #thatsthekindofdayitsbeen" 
Literally so excited I'm going to a Sam Smith concert in October 
Stay away by Nirvana is just the perfect song to listen to tomorrow morning. 
I may or may not have just added Snoop Dogg on Xbox... 
hell yeah me and Niall gonna get turnt the fuck up on Saturday for Liam's bday  
the scenes that involve Ice Cube and Johan Hill in 22nd Jump street are the best. Like literally gets me in tears every time 
"So far I have drafted Aaron Rodgers at #9 overall, and then at #16 in the 2nd round, Matt Forte. Not bad." 
Sharknado 4. Doesn't really matter what people thought of the 3rd. People might as well get ready for a 5th. 
New series of Greys Anatomy starts on 07 November - one good thing about winter is the return of the best US shows! #nightsinfrontofthetelly 
The sound of #Sunday with Bee Gees - Alive #webradio #internetradio 
"All of a sudden, my whole weekend filled up with fun!  Going rafting in the Cascades tomorrow :)" 
@user just announced Jose Aldo vs Conor McGregor on December 12, Only if they could get Ronda Rousey vs Cris Cyborg on that card. 
Who's in the pit for Eric Church's acoustic show on the Nashville riverfront tomorrow night?? THIS GUY 
@user ok good to know. Punting at MetLife in December is a task just hope hes up for it. 
"Frank Gifford's work on Monday Night Football w/Howard Cosell, Don Meredith, Al Michaels &amp; Dan Dierdorf really helped make me an NFL fan." 
Rocking out the Eric Church. Typical Friday Night 
Me and my 2nd Dad before his tip to the Upper Room.. Miss you Uncle Bolee #TBT 
Kup gets to drive the Lexus all alone tomorrow.. He feels special. #MyCar #HeWants #HeCantHave 
World Bank  approves US$50 million for  improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in Vietnam - Oct 25th 
@user Lol , don't worry c; every true ICONiac deserves to meet the boyz (: i might need them in August again." 
Thank you to everyone who joined us on the bus on Saturday and all the other Lions supporters at Loftus. It was awesome seeing Loftus RED! 
"Hope to see you tomorrow night! Come to Farmington Hills, MI to learn about our agency ownership venture #entrepreneurs" 
@user I agree, BUT.. We play Chelsea Saturday don't forget so it's good for us! You still comin Saturday?? 
"I want them to amp all the way up to an 11th Sharknado, then do 12th where two guys in shark costumes just reenact ""My Dinner With Andre.""" 
"I don't care if April is dead or alive, I just can't wait for Sharknado 4" 
22 years ago I saw Ric Flair wrestle at age 3, in the very building I'll see @user wrestle in tomorrow night. Mindblowing!! 
rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she’ll sing shine ya light which i love which makes me happy!:-) 
I think Bobby Jindal won the debate by far and I put Carly in 2nd 
"Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Oliseh has come out with a sensational story that might explain his reason to... 
I love Apple, despite the fact that I'm constantly dissing the iPhone. Really looking forward to tomorrow's event. 
"Oops, Star Wars Day is tomorrow @ North Branch, but you can read about it in today's @user 
I used to bump Nicki aalllll the time in middle school. Pink Friday was my fav 
My 21st is gonna be a day or two before Eid al-Adha. All I can say is I'm expecting a huge suprise on Eid 
Happy Friday to those who work outside the home and the weekend means something to. Today is 9 Fridays till Christmas. 6 Fridays till Advent 
Congrats to Ryder Cup Captain @user for his 6 under 64 in Thursday’s opening round of the Honda Classic. Keep it going! 
@user Ant-Man was #1 for the 2nd straight week domestically.  Never has this been more apropos.  
tbh I may be even more excited about the Pope's joint session with The U.S. Congress than his public appearance/ Mass in philly 
@user new series on BET starts tomorrow about Chris Brown's life !!! 
i miss you like the moon misses the sun at twilight 
@user dear Demi i just wanted to send some love to you during this hard time for you may the good lord be with you. love always Curtis. 
@user I'm going to see the Foo Fighters on the 21st so if I see these as well this would be the best year of concerts for me!! 
I still watch the new episode of Naruto every thursday #geek 
Jon Moss ref for Saturday. That's every 50 50 going in Arsenal's favour then 
Binary's Women Crush Wednesdays are Chelsea &amp; Shannon! Come see their new works live at the prism TOMORROW! #wcw &lt;3 
Just score a seat at the Red Sox for Friday PM! Woot!! 
Former Gov. Rick Perry said Wednesday financial woes won't be the death knell for his second bid for the White House: 
Thanks for retweeting @user On the road home from summer holidays. Back in Fredericton tomorrow and I'll be at the Pride Parade. 
@user Shotton has shown he is worthy of that list by passing the ultimate barometer of performing on Wet Wednesday night for Stoke 
Everybody's talking about Adele... Guys! NEW DAVID BOWIE TOMORROW! 
@user don't worry bro, I'm going to get coffee alone tomorrow. Dunkin hotties may be there" 
Get ready, ladies! This Thursday, the Magic Mike XXL tour is coming to Fat Daddy's! Tickets at 502-1111. 
Floyd Mayweather may be greatest boxer in the world right now but Ronda Rousey is the greatest fighter in the world 
Instead of going to sleep i just started my PS4.. Time for some GTA 5! I have a idea on the video ill upload tomorrow :) #GTAOnline #GTAV 
Happy (almost) National Ice Cream Day! We're running a #FlavorFaceoff -may the best flavor win 
Frank Gifford was a great football player. I remember he used to be one of the commentators on Monday Night Football too. #RIPFrankGifford 
Monday the 27th of July the day Dean Ambrose fans were happy as hell over FINALLY getting the #lockdown trailer. 
Congratulations to Jessie, for winning the July/August challenge! A $250.00 gift card to Amazon! Great job Jessie!!! 
Galliani confirmed that Boateng will join Milan. He'll be included in the team from 4th of January. #Milan 
3:15am, august 20th 2015, in my bedroom w/ all the lights off, listening to "all i want for christmas is you" by mariah carey at full volume 
HS Softball: Hannibal 5 Moberly 6. Going into the bottom of the 7th. #HannibalLadyPirates 
Gerald Green will show on a good team that he’s more than just a dunker. Kid can do it all. 2nd biggest surprise behind JLin  #NBArank 
Hope everyone made it to the UC in time to see the Bulls raise their 21st straight Financial Champs banner. A true dynasty, we have. 
Stomach sounds like a Jurassic Park movie &amp; I realize I've had about 800 calories today. Keep this up and I may actually lose weight! 
Did 2 circuits of the Pride parade today with @user 1 with @user , then went back to the start to march with @user 
"I’m gonna be blasting """"Find Me"""" all day on the 14th. I hope the neighbors like Christina Grimmie." 
"Pimp chronicles, Seriously funny & Kill the messenger... Comedy central is luv tonite" 
last minute but does anyone want to go to Sam Smith w me tomorrow :-) 
Cowboys had the Giants this Sunday that's a easy win. Let's do it ! 
Watching Sharknado waiting for the 3rd one at 9 
Thinking about going tonight Church tonight. Everybody is invited. Ladies free all night with a Bible lol 
"Boise State, Chattanooga, Embry-Riddle and Virginia Tech receive their charters tonight, congrats and welcome gentlemen! #duli11" 
Ready to fall in love with Eric Church on Saturday 
"This is streaming on Netflix Saturday November 15th! We'll be watching, I hope we get selected for the swag to... 
"do you remember when Niall sang ""Beautiful Girls"" in his 21st birthday, good times can he just sing that again like can he just do it please" 
@user that's the 2nd best programme I've watched all week. Jimmy McGovern knows how to make drama 
Daily Thought Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews 
@user #xAdHitYourMark No worries Chris, glad you loved the lime. Don't forget the Apple Watch winners are announced on Monday! 
First show at NLC had an amazing time with some talented people! <3 now time to rest so I can do it again tomorrow #werewolves @user 
@user - If you ain't doing nothing Saturday: slide through Aja, they got me hosting it." 
We can't wait to hear the new #Bond song by Sam Smith out on September 25th! #SPECTRE 
I remember in 6th grade when I was in love with Green Day and my mama bought me like all their albums lol she was the real MVP 
Carol is the most stunning film (and Cate Blanchett should win everything) - 5 stars from @user says is all: 
i want to watch The Grey... for the 16th time. 
Vote for Woodstock @user and Pope for the Friday Night Game 
@user those are the real Ws just ask Hank Williams the 3rd 
it's Monday and it's a full week 3! Jonathan Kozol tonight on campus &amp; Club Fair on Wed #WeAreAllWinners@HCC 
And its finally here, Strawberry festival today 9-5 and tomorrow 10-4, thank you God for the answered prayer of no rain!! 
I love how my tweet about the game tomorrow is now being retweeted/Favorited by a bunch of AHS students and even a SCHS student #EAGLENATION 
@user Im glad you're having a good time in Cleveland sweetie! :) & awsome that u will watch Melodifestivalen with us tomorrow! Xo 
The Americans may not have won the opening night game but they are totally running the Big Brother show. #CBBUK 
It looks like the Curtis Painter era of Colts may begin tonight! 
@user the only game that would make me get a PS4 is Bloodborne honestly lol maybe if more games come out i want i may get it 
I really hope the weather picks up for Saturday and Sunday! A wedding and Foo Fighters 
just tucked in Niall !! says he wants to go golfing and then train those chicken legs tomorrow. big day ahead of him. 
Loading some sick new music onto my iPod for the #Billiken5K tomorrow. 
I'm going to Cali for Disneyland on Tuesday I don't think I can handle being this excited 
Finding out that its national margarita day on a Thursday this year just made having no class on Friday thaaaat much better #excited 
Veteran day ballin. ... Glad I dnt got no class tomorrow so I'm vibin 
Thank you Rolling Stone for publish drinking game rules for tomorrow's debate. We are using it in Madrid 
"My 62 year old father knew Rousey's fight date before me. Knew it was November but not date. He chimes in ""oh yeah she fights Nov 14""" 
Fly Madness: William Hill now 5/4 (real price is 4/6) about Hurricane Fly wins Champion Hurdle next Tuesday. 
David Price continues his dominance with Toronto Blue Jays: After a dominant Toronto Blue Jays debut on Monday... 
The only time it is okay to discriminate towards Christians is with handing out presents on 25th December.  #refugeescrisis #auspol 
I may be moving to Leeds but no where will beat the songs at digi 
This is the 3rd Christmas I've gotten Justin Bieber tickets hahaha blessed 
This time next Sunday I'll be at the Zac Brown Band concert at Fenway. Can't wait for it 
@user awesome round and congrats on your 1st tour victory! Enjoy the Ritz Carlton and Kapalua Plantation course...you’ve earned it! 
Dont be on Amazon Prime at night. Amazon Prime is the new Home Shopping Network.You mess around &amp; have 7 blenders at your door on Thursday. 
Jack Baumann scores again with 36 minutes left in the 2nd half to make it 2-1 Hannibal over Kirksville. 
Oh an I also picked my starting XI for the 1st Bangla Test on @user site. Couldnt decide between Fidi an Tino! I like Fidi tho lol! 
Demi Lovato will perform at the 2013 Houston Rodeo on March 3rd!! Get your tickets! 
Think imma treat me my baby and sister to IHOP tomorrow night lol I want some pancakes 
George Harrison - Here comes the Sun    Happy Winter Solstice for all those in the Northern Hemisphere obvs! 
Save the date September 15th FB family. . If you would like to find out how you can earn a Free Lexus join me and... 
I just pray that April Jones is found alive after the Tia Sharp incident R. I. P Tia <3'xo 
Rousey obliterated Correia on Saturday! Is she the most dominant @user fighter ever? #ufc190 #RondaRousey 
IBM Achieves 1st FedRAMP Mobile ATO with Cloud-based MaaS360 Enterprise Mobility Mgmt &amp;... 
My copy of Iron Maiden's new album will be with me tomorrow :) 
@user because my old account got suspended and than May 5th came around and Zayn followed me. Now I have 4.2K so thank you 
West Ham have scored eight times in Andy Carroll’s three starts. He may not be scoring yet, but he’s making it easier for others to score. 
@user when mccann got our 3rd goal ian Bennett turned and winked to us posh fans, he loved it #trueposh" 
@user to be fair, I *will* be seeing Equalizer on Sunday at the greatest place in Texas" 
Celebrity Juice tonight 10pm itv2. Hurrraaaaah! its a Back to school special 
@user Please be performing on Saturday 10th January 2015! My friend has booked this for me for Christmas!! This would top it off! 
@user S/o to the Club Crucial fam....best service in town..open monday -thursday-saturday...2517donald lee hollowell< #str8likedat! 
@user Hello, I have an idea for the next version of Minecraft. You may add in Minecraft dirty cobblestone, dirty stone brick, etc. 
So living the 6 figure life may be nice.. I think it may be neat.. Mr. Miyagi taught patience! It will come! 
In sha Allah this Sunday @user and @user will be at the Eid in the Park in Glasgow. Promoting the fantastic work of @user 
Nice to see Ironman Wales made the top five bike course list 
Congrats Mid-Atlantic Red Sox 15u. Ranked 14th in the nation by Perfect Game. 
Take the 1st step in faith. You dont have to see the whole staircase, just take the 1st step. ~Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. #quote 
Happy Birthday Niall for the 13th! Have an amazing day!! @user 
We're all talking about AJ's record being broken when Ric Flair's might very well be equaled tomorrow night!!! 
If anyone is interested, I have a pizza in the oven and the boxed set of Game Of Thrones on blu-ray #Friday #TurnDownForWhat 
@user @user oh my god I'm obsessed. Soo upset they don't have the 4th season on Netflix though 
P2016: AFL-CIO Pres Dick Trumka to march with Joe Biden in Labor Day parade."People can read into that...what they want. He's a good friend" 
I'm so ready for the Jason Aldean concert tomorrow! 
Wow, this may be the killer app for Apple Watch. 
"First Kim Kardashian tries to break the Internet and now this!The 35-year-old reality star launched her emoji app, Kimoji, on Monday and" 
Want to help reelect the President? Join us tomorrow at 7:30 in the CME upstairs of the Union! Bring your friends!! 
@user is heading to Tom’s River NJ and Manhatten, please consider donating to the cause. They feed 1st responders and communities. 
@user I have studied all day but tomorrow I’m going out with friends! :D Omg Jennette did?!!!! I’m gonna look! <3 
#ACFFiorentina #ForzaViola Fiorentina want to sign Chelsea defender in January #SerieA #Viola 
"Can't wait to watch the Bulls play SMU on Saturday, Coach is all packed up, wish I could be there, let's go #South Florida!" 
"I have this thing now where I watch Sunday and Wed eps of Big Brother the day after they air then Thurs live, so much easier tbh." 
I've given it some thought over the holidays and think Justin Bieber may be cool now. 
7:15pm tomorrow night I have a date with Denzel! #Flight I can’t wait! 
2nd day in New York and I found great deals on authentic Gucci and Louis Vuitton wallets both sold on street corners by nice foreign fellows 
Black Lion is where it's at tonight! 236 Auburn ave! Shout out to @user ! 
"If I'm reading the Twitter Trend list correctly, people are really happy that Verlander beat the Royals yesterday" 
@user Posterous is super easy for uploading vid, esp from mobile device. Plus got bought by twitter so integration may be on the way" 
This is the 1st @user tour that I've had Madonna tattoos for! Wonder why it was #RebelHeart to make this happen? #RebelHeartTour 
Just saw Ant-Man in the theatre for the 3rd time.  It's still super great. 
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day! How about celebrating with this delicious treat... 
Worked long and hard tonight ahead of an intense all-day coaching session coming up this Saturday with Rik Johnson and David Wright! 
The new iMac is so freaking thin. I may choose it over a Thunderbolt display. Unless they update it to! 
IPad: *trends bc of iPhone announcement tomorrow* Real reason: the 1D Fandom crazy af and makes everything trend 
"60 RTs &amp; I'll come to school dressed as Thor on April 30th, which is a Thorsday &amp; the day before the Avengers comes out." 
@user aww happy birthday, Curtis! Are you coming to the BSI weekend in January? xx" 
Still on army duty in Alabama but thinking about how lucky I am. @user married me 8yrs ago today. 
@user happy 18th birthday Niall!! Have the best day! Are you coming out Thursday? xx 
Anybody with a Steak &amp; Shake or IHOP move tomorrow ?? 
Rg is cleared for the Vikings game Sunday #goodmood   p.s. thank God we got rid of Cuntsniff or is it Cundiff? 
Waw.. Good Friday is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it 
"Welp I got 3/5 right for AOTY, Kendrick deserves it but it may come down to Taylor or The Weeknd" 
Youngest into 5th hour of Justin Bieber on her new karaoke machine so now's the perfect time to get me to confess to pretty much any crime. 
Last night was the 3rd time dreaming that I was in Jurassic Park man. Best and scariest dreams of my damn life 
"Still have Ancelotti's autobiography as my all-time number 1, followed by Jonathan Wilsons 'Behind the Iron Curtain'. Pep book probably 3rd" 
The 2nd headline was a story about the guy who plays Thor using his 1st big payday to pay off his parents' debt. *THAT* deserves top honors. 
"Yassss, Deus Ex is actually out 26th august. that's brightened up my day a bit:)" 
Bright Blue skies for the Smooth Drive Home, with Fleetwood Mac, Al Green &amp; hopefully Sunday dinner leftovers in the fridge for tea! 
So... Snoop Dogg is cool and all... But come see THRILL COLLECTIVE on the 29th and I promise you won't regret it haha 
What chaos between Brock Lesnar and Undertaker on Monday night Raw loved it can't wait for SummerSlam 
"TBH I like Kim Kardashian. She may not be the /best/, but I have a lot of respect for her" 
Alex Smith earned his 1st career NFC Offensive Player of the Week honor after completing 18-of-19 passes >I can still taste the #bitterness 
hm , Saturday with Joey , Lauren , DJ , and Laura sounds about right ;) #happybirthdayDJ 
Biden Says Family Will Decide Whether He Runs for President: Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday night he "... 
@user Good Morning we are coming to Milan at 11:00 am on Jan 7th all the dates our on @user 
It's Prince George's 2nd birthday today! @user have released this photo of him with his dad to celebrate. 
#EAFirstPlay at Westfield Parramatta is going off! We are there from today until Sunday so come and say hello 
Murray stays alive! He wins the 3rd set 7-6! #USOpen #tennis 
Groggy Saturday morning thought... Jason Durillo is the boy Mariah Carey of today. #wanttowantme #falsetto #killinit 
Can’t wait to see how wk 3 of the Safe House sermon will be broken down. This Sunday is Kanye’s verse.  My Pastor keeps it real @user 
@user would you be able to give @user a shoutout? They're gonna be on X Factor tomorrow Nath :) xx 
T-pain killed for his show the other night. Guns and roses lastnight. Tomorrow night Kirko Bangz. #LasVegas #turnup 
"#SportsNews Leo eyes record, Barca seek boost - In the week that he marked the 10th anniversary of his competitive... 
@user I though you may want that you and the rest of the @user crew sweet talked me into buying Game Of Thrones.  I'm hooked. 
June 23rd ladies free till 11!! Thas all you need to know! Don't miss this one! Heat wave vol1 will be previ 
I've got a picture to show Taylor tomorrow and she's probably not gonna like it because she's a hater. Adidas &gt; Nike 
It's Monday!  "Get up, Stand up! Don't give up the fight" - Bob Marley  #bestinlombok #happymonday #monday #quote... 
@user May God Bless you Mr. Santorum. This is why you are my number one choice followed by Bobby Jindal and Ted Cruz 
@user I enjoyed it a lot more than Naruto as well. Thought it was brilliant. Well I'm gna start Fate Zero tomorrow. 
"Bad Blood now has more than 400M views,it's Selena's 1st feature to reach this and CAGI is coming" 
With a 7-2 win last night, the Norfolk Admirals tied the American Hockey League record with their 17th consecutive win. Fantastic stuff. 
"Kolchak the Night Stalker. Before the x-files, excellent scary tv. On Netflix huzah" 
Just laying here listening to Ragnarok Online music in the sun. Yoko Kanno makes great songs. 
Mitchie from the 1st camp rock #legendary 
Asif the next Pretty Little Liars episode is in January, I CAN’T WAIT SO LONG. The halloween episode was next level tho 
Snoop Dogg is gonna be at the centennial game this Friday??? Now this is gonna about to be hype 
Sunday morning at grandpa's office. Like church but with less hymns and more Grateful Dead. 
@user amber fantastic news!!! We will reunite with Barbara and jenelle on November 21st when teen mom 2 premieres!! 
just got back to the crib today wasnt so bad went to Detroit and Somerset 
Why Kanye West would be the best president in US history (seriously) via @user 
@user omg your in London on September 12th I'm going to London for the Michael Jackson kingvention that day!!!! 
So excited to see Paper Towns on Tuesday... Is it any good tho? 
"It's our 2 year anniversary tomorrow and Curtis wants to take me to the Hello Kitty cafe for food. Ahh, romance." 
This time tomorrow RNDM will be rocking the house. They're the best new group out there!! Playing Milwaukee come check them out. 
Things you may not if known:  You can get a tour inside of the White House and the tardis 
Murray has given it his all, which wasn't expected after the last few days he has had but Federer just unbreakable. TB 2nd set. #CincyTennis 
@user Hi Eve, I hope you enjoyed Ant-Man! Saverday Tuesday is all day &amp; prices can be found here in future: 
Was wondering about the ratings... Maybe a final featuring Serena will top this? Have to think yes... 
The Apple Special Event Live broadcast it UP! Shutting all other apps/browsers for maximum smoothness! 
@user bro, she may just be more marketable. Remember that David Beckham was the highest earner in football for a very long time. 
This is my lazy Saturday morning laying in bed on my iPod listening to @user EDC it's one of his best sets 
Brother Ali is the TRUTH! Catch him tomorrow at Dazed Out with Atmosphere, Snoop Dogg, and Dilated Peoples. #DazedOut 
Today is the day I never thought would come. Happy Star Wars Day everyone and may the  
Arsenal fans need to cheer Giroud on Saturday at the Emirate. This is his true home. #arsenal #COYG 
We know all you Patriots fans are psyched Tom Brady's suspension has been dropped! So join us next Thursday... 
Good article on the ins and outs of Josh Hamilton's contract.#RSM337 
@user Oh God im so excited for @user and skylynn's new video tomorrow. it will be freaking awesome 
@user im so excited even though i wont see you til novemeber 5th. oiershdjkfwle GOOD LUCK TONIGHT, KIDRAUHL! 
In case you were unawares, Dwight Howard is absolutely going HAM in LA right now. Like WOW. It’s only the 3rd Q. 
"Everyone I know is going to the Ed Sheeran concert on September 25th, I can actually meet up with people at the concert I'M SO HAPPY" 
Oracle, memcached, Engage API all running in Docker. You may applaud now if you'd like. 
If you're thinking about voting for Donald Trump you might want to read this article 1st 
I’d love to go for a pint with Jim White off SSN, think he may have a bit about him 
Don’t forget FCA won’t meet tomorrow morning. We will just meet after the football game on the field with SAHS FCA. #dontmissit #freepizza 
We're excited to announce that AC/DC tribute band Big Jack will take the main stage at Fall Jam on Sunday September 27th! 
"In Dublin, going to Lough Erne tomorrow, role on the Faldo Series British Grand Final :D" 
Egypt&#039;s President Mohamed Morsi on Monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t ...  
you know what's tomorrow is Phoenix? Sam smith concert. you know who isn't going? this lemon 
@user @user @user @user One day week for this guy. Killers tonight, golf with Cameron tomorrow #lovely" 
"Another Les Miles gem: ""When you’re challenged, and if you enjoy challenge, we’ll, you enjoy it."" From Monday’s presser." 
Already in love with Ian and I'm 12 min into the 1st ep. Why are the gay characters always my fav. 
Calling all Minecraft fans, this Saturday August 22, it's Minecraft survival night. Come show us your building... 
Looking forward to tonight's Apple announcements.  Find out more 
Jennifer Lawrence NEEDS to host Saturday Night Life. Just think of how amazing it would be asdfghjkl 
Coming to news stands near you! Best conservative magazine on the block. Features my essay on GOP needing new Jack Kemp 
Pastor Winans will always be cool wit me because ’Tomorrow’ by the Winans is one of my fav gospel songs!  And he sent my Nippy home right! 
"Limited government leads to unlimited opportunity...the Constitution is my owner's manual...10th Amendment." Gov Rick Perry #dream15 
Fantastic Four tomorrow will it be as good as Ant-Man we'll have to see 
@user Finally able to see Paper Towns tomorrow.  The excitement I am feeling is probably not ordinary but I just don't care :) 
It's Friday night, at home sipping on some Crown Royal Whisky, listening to AC/DC, talking and tweeting with friends.   Life is good! 
Yaaaaay the new season on The Big Bang Theory starts on the 23rd of October // 
"In other news, had a great Saturday on the town with @user and my old uni friend at a David Bowie tribute orchestra :P" 
When Snoop Dogg calls all the photographer nephews. Life is good on a Saturday. 
@user @user / You portray Hannibal beautifully may I just say. 
Today is International FASD Awareness Day and September is Awareness Month.  Please take the time today to Google... 
Victor Cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the Giants. Tuesday on his weekl 
"Ahh, the Polish Festival is today and tomorrow! Shoooooooooot. I hope I can make it tomorrow :S" 
@user love Monday night wars, why not next due the next 10 years ruthless aggression, Cena, edge, randy Orton,Guerrero  episodes" 
Can't wait to go to Colts game with my sweetness tonight. 
"We may be an ordinary girls ,But our love to our Zayn is bigger thank you think,He saved most of us and we're thankful to him to have him." 
Saturday Movie Matinee: Carly Fiorina Won the Debate Going Away via @user 
I'm in Love with Mr. MARCH #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Comedy central real goin hard tonight 
I'm going to see Sam smith tomorrow. I don't think I ever thought this was going to happen but it is. He's my everything my idol. OMFG 
Good morning chaps.   If Claire can make it all the way through Jurassic World in heels, I can make it through Monday. 
"Come out and celebrate Eid with your fellow UMCP Alumni, Insh'Allah this Wednesday at Busboys and Poets, in Hyattsville, from 5-8pm!" 
I cannot believe I am seeing Bernie Sanders live and in the flesh this Sunday WOW NOW THIS IS A DREAM 
Families take in refugees as Pope calls on Europe's churches to open their doors - 1st X I disagree with his Holiness 
My cousins are coming up later for the Runrig concert tomorrow nights. Haven't seen them in months 
Chris Brown really had me Saturday. He sung all the throwbacks 
"The interview in the WWAT film may be my favorite ever, they were just so relaxed and themselves" 
See Win% on 1st Serve for Serena : Get more than the #usopen tennis score with #IBMSports. 
@user @user TJ: I'm obsessed with the 2nd one with both Sara and Tegan 
Wouldn't be surprised if the new iPhone unveiled tomorrow is actually an iPad mini 
Pakistan hopeful of Bangladesh visit: Pakistan’s cricket board said Sunday it hopes to arrange a tour by Banglad... 
#Iwishtheywouldbringback the red trains for tha MTA just pimp them shit out to make em look like today's trains 
@user @user @user @user @user Hullo Nicki! Thanks for invite, 'twas in the same venue last Wed!" 
"George Harrison (25 February 1943 - 29 November 2001). We miss you. We love you. Krishna bless you, my love. :( 
Join us tomorrow December 27th for our Star Wars Day. All 3 services. Grades 1-5. It's going to be epic!... 
@user  Hi i have heard that they said MCPE update 0,12,0/0,12,1 will come today 29 august to ios but i cant see that there is the update:) 
@user RT: ""@Niaz_kilam22 @user Happy 22nd Birthday Zayn! I love you and I hope you have a..."" 
Brock Lesnar and the Undertaker are both confirmed to be at RAW next Monday I am screaming 
"Made vanilla fudge, tastes incredible, making chocolate but stopped cus it got late, finishing it tomorrow :D all for @user 
Floundering BJP in TN may get star power--Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan: Khushboo Sundar tweets support for the mission  
@user wait if this is true I'm gonna be so happy bc I thought eid was on the 23rd!!! 
"May 04th today may not be, but Star Wars Day it is! :D" 
"just got 2 free tickets to Jason Aldean, Cole Swindell and Tyler Farr Saturday night! #BOOYAH" 
@user @user are you really saying that FPS Russia plays with airsoft guns...c’mon he doesn’t need that he’s got the real shit 
I’m excited for TRUNK OR TREAT tomorrow (Nov 2) night at the Boys and Girls Club in Pottstown. It will start at... 
"OHMYGOD WHEN MACKELMORE SAT DOWN SHAWN WENT UP TO HIM ALL NERVOUS AND SAID ""hi nice to meet you im shawn mendes"" THATS SO CUTE" 
Time for Miss USA!!! Go @user !!!! Titans fans she cheers for your team on the sidelines every Sunday... time to cheer for her now! 
Can empathise completely with Scots nationalists, re: BBC coverage after Monday's Panorama. Left MUST stick together. 
Happy Valentine’s Day!!! @user Everyday is the 14th! 
"Milano, Italy- tomorrow Mount snowdon, Wales- 10 days London New Years/bday-11 days Bring it onnn" 
so on Friday I wore my Shawn shirt I got at the concert &amp; everyone was complimenting me &amp; telling me how much they loved him it was cute -a 
@user I better have a seat by you and Katie tomorrow! Can you say #party? 
Copper River Salmon Special and Live Music Thursday Night! Come try some of the best salmon in the world! 
Lady Gaga Is Living All Our Dreams With the Actual Pony She Got for Christmas: We may all joke that we want a ... 
"Paul McCartney is playing, what the hell are you doing not buying this ticket RIGHT NOW before someone else does?? 
Sad Frank Gifford dies today at 84( turn out the lights the partys  over)If you remember that its from Monday... 
i can't wait to buy Elha's album &amp;see her shows May you continue giving justice to Mariah Carey songs. deserved to win! #TVK2Finale #lambily 
@user Yup the store by even has a signing with Snoop Dogg coming up 
@user @user We saw Magic Mike XXL on a Tuesday night after eating Vietnamese sandwiches and gossiping about comics things! 
@user I'm going 2 be posting a tutorial that you asked me 2 do weeks ago in Minecraft. Take a look tomorrow &amp; sorry for the delay 
@user @user @user Great movie Sharknado is the best one yet.Where is the audition for the 4th movie I want in.Great stuff. 
I’ve seen every Denzel Washington movie and Flight has @user in it too ! I miss that kid ! But I’m in that theatre tomorrow ! 
@user Um, I may or may not have bought the first season on Amazon Prime and am kind of excitedly freaking out right now. 
If Seattle and Portland were knit together and covered by the California sun, you’d have San Fran. Kinda love it. 
"For News Tomorrow ""Mother monster is the winner"", Congratulations Little Monsters #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga" 
Skinner would love the Apple Watch will revolutionize education forever stories tomorrow. 
@user Good luck tomorrow night. You’ll be great.  Also, Samoas and Thin Mints = great way to warm up the crowd.  #Mmm  #SOCOMX 
Amazing concert tonight with Jim White and the TCU Jazz Ensemble/Faculty Jazz Combo!  Don’t miss tomorrow night... 
Balletcenter in Cebu is holding Romeo and Juliet in august..check it out:) 
Muse on Jonathan Ross  brilliant.        We have some exciting news about Muse to announce Monday  from Gotham Records 
Im embracing the oversized sun glass look with my new glasses. They are too awesome not to. I feel like Jackie O:) 
@user &amp; @user fell in love with the same e". Does this make @user the 3rd wheel? 
Duffy vs. Poirier set October 24th  If he loses to another irishMan Conor Mcgregor will eat him up Alive on social media. 
Is it Friday yet? I'm so ready for Jason Aldean! 
@user #simonika hivemind!   We should watch sharknado tomorrow...it might just blow your mind #sorry #notsorry 
Highlight of the night - Kofi Annan will be speaking to us on Sunday! Whoop! #OYW 
I'll be joining @user in Vancouver's Pride Parade Sunday. Walk with us! #burnaby #vanpride #lpc 
"Hulk Hogan sex tape reportedly includes racist tirade: WWE has parted ways with one of their best-known stars.  On Friday, Hulk Hogan..." 
Treat yourself to TabletTV this Bank Holiday. Order today with Amazon Prime and you could have it tomorrow. 
@user  Come SUPPORT the SHOW/MOVEMENT at Parkdale High School on Oct 26th from 8-11 w/ AJA, DREAMTEAM, HQB, DSB & HIB. 
@user hi baby :*** See you tomorrow on SM Sta.Rosa ! Yaay ! 
Really wish it was acceptable to wear my Nirvana tank top to work tomorrow. 
Church tonight with the bestfriends! #winning <3 
More and more I listen to one of Jason Aldean's songs the more and more I want to go to his concert Saturday 
@user Happy bday PRINCE GEORGE May GOD bless u with many more years to live :-) 
I may or may not have just spammed joshs phone w 20 different pics of IHOP pancakes 
It filled my heart with pride to see the huge march in Oxford this afternoon. I hope David Cameron saw and heard. #RefugeesWelcome 
@user around 2002/2003 we were working lots of late nights on Saturday.We would go to the beer joint then IHOP on union.  #GreatTimes 
My sick day has consisted of watching Seinfeld and Facetiming and it may be the best day I've had all summer. 
Of course I know it’s for Ash Wednesday and good for @user but it does look like he squashed a bug on his forehead. 
I honestly just can't wait to go to the Fair on Wednesday. Give me all the wine slushies, Strong Hearts wings &amp; milkshakes, and Snoop Dogg 
3rd in 2 games!!! Emile Heskey bags the opener for Newcastle Jets. He Scores when he wants ! :P  x) 
"Twilight Market tomorrow 3-8pm All you need for a very, merry Xmas Ham,Pork,Vegies,Wine @user @user @user @user 
@user I'm buying it tomorrow! Along with the new Iron Maiden!!! #GotYourSix #TheBookOfSouls 
Tomorrow is 80s day and I don't wanna be the basic Madonna but iTS ALL I HAVE. WHY THE 80S WHY NOT 70S. 
@user trash OL? Theyve looked excellent so far. Trash RBs?J-Stew ran for 486 yards in the final 5 games last season, 2nd only to Murray" 
Kendrick went wild on Black Friday I'm still amazed like I have to sit in silence for a minute after I hear it 
Kris Bryant absolutely mashed a HR. The only thing that held that ball in was the video board. Left fielder never turned around..1-1 Bot 5th 
@user so the pope visit the philippines somewhere in january 
This may be the best exhibition ever.  @ Barbican Centre 
Happy 60th Birthday to Wayne Knight aka Newman on Seinfeld!!! In the 90s he also played Officer Don on 3rd Rock... 
Batman and Google Earth predict it's going to be a bad month 
Residents say: "It's a blessing this didn't happen Labor Day with numerous people around. Most left late Monday." 
2nd trip to see 'The Ladykillers' at the Theatre Royal! A fantastic play :) 
Significant development Monday night: 49ers QB Alex Smith and WR Michael Crabtree were on the same page. 
Well done @user for speaking his voice  No-one, not least the BBC, should be bullied into quiet submission. 
"Good Morning Sunshine...Foo Fighters, Aurora, Live, Milton Keynes Bowl, from the front, Saturday... via @user 
The goal-celebration I did when I scored my 2nd goal in the EL CLASICO last Sunday is dedicated to Ellai, my loved one. 
@user haha brilliant!! MORNING Katie...happy Friday! Bodg loves the drawing of him! M 
My 4 day weekend = binge watching old episodes of Saturday Night Live on Netflix 
@user My Italian trip restored my faith in the love and passion of FB.PL like a library. Next 2 trips sorted next up Milan derby-Jan 
Omg this time tomorrow I will be sunning it up in Hvar! Croatia here we come!!! 
Looper was amazing!!! Now to the theatre to see Simon Callow’s ’The Mystery of Charles Dickens’ ...loving my Wednesday off work :-) 
@user TY4 follow. Happy Sunday! ET the Extraterrestrial (Storybook) as told by Michael Jackson (Movie Edit) 
"Eid shopping brings windfall for Oman traders: Road travelers on Thursday, the beginning of the break, had to ...  
@user if ugly sunday's your fave u'll prob enjoy his 1st album. fun fact, kurt cobain does backing vocals in a song (down in the dark) 
Have you tried one of our fab new Yoga classes we have a brand new Yoga class on a Monday evening with David... 
"Tomorrow, Sylvia and Damien have my full attention. #StoryTime with @user 
"Marco Carola played Paul Funkee - Mazafaka303 @ SMC Social Music City, Milan (2nd track) Thank you, mazafaka!  Buy... 
Have you picked up your December issue of WDC yet? It includes a full in-depth review of Nikon’s D600,... 
@user What up CM Punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble 
Stevie from Stevie TV inspired my look for the party... I can’t wait to go jet black! 
"her's us making sure people feel OK with Windows 7 today :) Buy Windows 7 today, keep same PC for Windows 8 upgrade 
"Gay night tomorrow, the best night everrrrrrr" 
Happy 28th anniversary to the album that generated 5 #1's just like katy's teenage dream a.k.a. Bad (Michael Jackson) 
Tickets to see AC/DC @user on the 10th coming up on #JustASec 
Vegas Sept 12 Floyd Mayweather undercard. Make sure you there!! 
Happy 30th Birthday, Children's BBC!! Thanks for all you do for us! @user @user  #CBBCis30 #eddtheduck 
@user OMG. Dude tomorrow, you and 1D will be breathing the same air. Get a jar and get as much of the air as possible." 
@user @user ohhh just realize something because of u.. My bday in on the 18th so that's means a Supernatural episode for my bday! 
Sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face Tonga on Friday. This man is one to watch my other is Isreal Dagg #rwc2011 
"I like to stop in Starbucks in front of Lowe's 1st, then pretend I'm at Neiman's. ""Excuse me, but where are the new hammers from Milan?""" 
@user You and all of the dancers at Ballet West are amazing. I absolutely love to watch you all every Thursday. SO TALENTED! 
"Today and tomorrow will be the #U2day. All the day my #periscope will be dedicated about the U2 concert in Turin,... 
At the ending, there're oysters on Hannibal's table. How considerate Hannibal is ...but c'mon Will needs fishes #Hannibal #HannibalMicDrop 
Tonight I spent 20 minutes looking for someone with Amazon Prime so I could order a Ouija board for Friday without my mom finding out #adult 
Coffee is pretty much the answer to all questions today. #Friday #tgif 
The only head line I wanna see about nicki tomorrow tbQh 
Day off tomorrow, going to use it to be very productive and by productive I mean watch a lot of Game of Thrones 
"Right now I'm watching the 2nd Persona 3 movie, in which a cool dog fights a giant monster that looks like Hulk Hogan." 
SkyBet expect Atletico Madrid to lead the chase for Peter Cech if the #cfc keeper still wants to leave in January 
Controversy aside, the 2 games shown on TV for Super Sunday were great spectacles. #BestLeagueInTheWorld 
Leaders of our Vietnam Veterans Leadership Program in the Reagan administration will gather in D. C. Saturday. Looking forward to seeing all 
Messi has ALWAYS scored in the 1st or 2nd leg of the CL Round of 16 since the 2007/08 season: 2 - 1 - 2 - 2 - 6 - 2 - 1 (ongoing) 
Ed Sheeran either Jan 30 2013 or Nov 1 2013 the best days of my life 
It's Singapore's Independence Day today! Happy National Day! Can't wait for the parade this evening! 
"Love Like Hers on DVD and Blu-Ray from Nov 15th with lots of extras (inc. Host and That Day), pre-order here #limited" 
Surprisingly, i will still bob my head to anything from Mick Jagger to Son of sardar. Yes, you may judge me now. 
Gumby may be the answer to our forward woes. The Bomb Squad never stop believing, and we never stop believing in Gumby. #releasethegumby 
Can’t believe I may have seen the play of the year in the preseason! Jeremy Evans just put Turiaf in his place! #SlamDunkChampion #ScTopTen 
This upcoming Thursday my Patriots are going to smash these Steelers!!! Tom Brady is gonna be angry and he's going to put unreal #s up!!! 
#goosebumps on Friday as @user surged to his win and again yesterday as @user swept through Cap d'Agde in the Maillot Jaune 
@user &amp; 'Houdini' by the Melvin's. 2nd best grunge band under Nirvana. Honey Bucket and  Night Goat will make u want to punt a baby lmao 
A select person keeps reblogging certain set pieces from Magic Mike XXL onto my tumblr dash. Sis. SISTER. May God bless and keep you. 
@user @user I'm making a surprise day long visit tomorrow shhhh (what do you want from dunkin bc dad said munchkins) 
Hello man in pointy, multicoloured, snake skin cowboy boots, a suit and Axl Rose’s hair, you’ve made my Friday heart even happier. 
Game today. Gainesville tomorrow. Labor Day on Monday. Ed Sheeran concert on Tuesday. Holy shit what a fantastic 6 day streak. 
Hi everybody it's Leanne here! It's prince George's 2nd birthday today and I want to know what gift would you... 
"Hola Muchachas, Are you ready for a night full of Fashion, Fun and Beauty. This Saturday Nikki Beach Miami and... 
Just woke up and Calibraska is already 16th in the UK! I need to buy it asap 
"This weekend is the Polish Festival, and the Firefly party at TFAW. All that stands in the way is Friday." 
Are you all ready for Roger Sanchez this Friday at HQ Nightclub!!! HMU at 609-335-3062 for table reservations and details!!!! 
@user Apples are tasty, I'll text you tomorrow then good plan" 
Somehow I was able to enjoy the 2nd half of Ant-Man in spite of my gleeful anticipation about all the Ant-Lamb jokes I couldn't wait to make 
"I'm off to see Disney On Ice with work on Sunday, I am excited!" 
Laying out in the sun with Eric Church and the lake in the background #perfection #carolina #LaborDay 
On Sunday the direct TGV from Paris arrived in Interlaken for the first time. :-) Am Sonntag ist der direkte... 
I watched October 1 today. Awesome movie: A blockbuster! Kunle Afolayan never disappoints. D Lord will bless u with better ideas.Cheers! 
@user Yeh it's a joke. May as well make Crufts an Olympic event too if this counts as one... 
ZUMBA FITNESS CLASSES IN ERDINGTON - EVERY WEDNESDAY - ZUMBA IS FOR EVERYONE! Loaded with red-hot dance steps, Lati.. 
"But really someone come with me tomorrow night to see ""Paper Towns""" 
@user Will be at Irving Plaza NYC, no doubt! will be the 4th show ive seen so far. the band that saved, inspired and showed me life. 
Is it July 13th yet? I need to see Justin Bieber with his shirt off in person 
@user Since you said Bloodborne may be better than Dark Souls I've been having an almighty internal struggle. You...  might be right. 
#NP Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar  Is this the Kendrick you wanted @user   #SoundCloud 
@user This Paul Dunne story is Unbelievable but I hope this Legend does it Tomorrow! #helookslikemaryrobinson 
Dark times by the weekend and Ed Sheeran may be the best song I've heard in a while. 
niall's voice is just TOO GOOD this 5th album will kill me 
oms on my birthday (Dec. 18th Tuesday) i want lap dances! EVERYBODY know i stay with like 50 singles in my pocket !!! 
'Sara' has just come on my latest Fleetwood Mac playlist. It ,akes me have these kind of reactions - good article:http://t.co/SnTRvoWn7k 
"Sonic Drive-In - National Hot Dog Day - Today, July 23rd - All-American or Chili Cheese Hot Dog for $1 all day 
Ahoy matey! Did you enjoy International Talk Like A Pirate Day? Celebrate it again with us this Saturday at the museum! 
Top of the league, Chievo, will face bottom of the league, Juventus, next Saturday.  someone pinch me. 
@user Boruto: Naruto the movie will be in American theaters October 10th! We gotta go see that shit! it's fucking epic! 
Thrilled to hear Jimmy McGovern has bought the rights to Alastair Campbell's 1st novel. Huge opp. to get message to millions @user 
My Miami Heat are going to Demolish the New York Knicks tomorrow. I am from New York. But sorry knicks!! 
@user I like it here. A couple beers deep, I'm rockin' like the rest. It's good stuff. Female Iron Maiden cover band here next Friday." 
Dad just said if Obama wins on Tuesday he is moving to Cuba #dontknowwhatyourtalkingbout #butok 
"I may be the only one still watching Red Sox games, but that team, with all the hungry young players; is fun to watch! #trade Hanley" 
@user Oppa you may have ur style like Hoya oppa.Dun worry,even now,you have a lot of fans , like me !! 
@user Johnson, I'm meeting you in September at Digi in Houston! Are you as excited to meet me as I am to meet you? 
I have loads to tell you guys that will make yall super proud but I'm using my iPod now and it's super laggy so I'll tell later or tomorrow 
Kendrick's verse on Black Friday just validates that he's leaps and bounds above any other rap nigga rn. Jesus Christ 
@user ah okay was hoping to see you out Friday! Next time I’m staying at Harry’s we should meet up in Kingston! Xx 
"zayn's voice: c'mon guys you can do it, nobody can drag you down.   #DragMeDownMusicVideo 
S/O to @user & hope he has safe travels tomorrow.  #HerdNation could use you.  Doc loves those Florida boys.  #SpeedKills 
should I force my dad to go to the cinema with me and watch Ant-Man (that would be my 2nd time watching it) (i missed the post-credit scene) 
Copper River Salmon season starts May 15th! We're hoping to have fish on the 17th. Want a great recipe for... 
"Wichita St is just a team full of corncobs. Also, if they play """"We Ready"""" today, place will explode. #shakeandbakejays #BOOTSTOASSES" 
"If you uploaded videos from Kina Grannis' concert last Wednesday, send us the link so we can share it with everyone else! Happy Sunday! :)" 
Happy almost weekend! Celebrate your Thursday with a nice cold chocolate nirvana at $1 off! 
#UNIVB has its biggest weekend of the season (so far) starting tonight! Missouri State @ 7pm, Wichita State tomorrow @ 8:30pm 
The fact that Foo Fighters rickrolled the Westboro Baptist Church today just makes me love them even more. BRING ON SEPTEMBER 5TH. 
'David Wright' appeared on Monday 24 at the 17th place in the Top20 of Las Vegas's Trends: #trndnl 
@user Marni and Dan are honestly the nicest people ever!! Met them last Saturday :) 
"Yoga's been around for 2,500 years but the sun salutation has only existed 100 years. Interesting programme on BBC4." 
"I wanna wake up tomorrow with Dunkin by my bed, that would be the best birthday breakfast ever." 
My Saturday night is the movie Contraband, Kate Beckinsale is good looking 
#Ramadan #mubarak to all #Muslims who have began early. May Allah bless our souls now and forever with Good Deeds. 
So get finished early today & get tomorrow off...my 1st though ooooo could go to the garden centre... What's happened to me!! 
@user happy birthday! Saw Paper Towns at the cinema on Friday,was awesome!! Love the book too (though Looking for Alaska still my fav)" 
5th grade Ss in @user class study decimals with Minecraft. 
@user Check with your local Nike retail locations for release info. Only online has been confirmed for September 11. 
"Tuesday's off are the BEST cause I get to catch up on Big Brother, Bachelor in Paradise, and SYTYCD. #YAS" 
So... I may go play some ME3 now.... Mainly just trying to level up since I promoted all classes and the only ones above 15 are adept... 
Chris Evans as Captain America stands tall against the Age of Ultron! In theaters May 1. 
"What a round from Paul Dunne, and with that he could be going off in the last group tomorrow #TheOpen" 
Going to see Paper Towns for the 4th time 
Coffee and catch up today with @user and then fusion fest tomorrow to see Ed Sheeran. So excited @user 
Got my jason aldean shirt today now just waiting on August 1st 
Aww love you Austin Rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st NBA game...but it’s against my boys, LETS GO SPURS! #Spurs #NBA 
I was so close to not going to otra and go to Disneyland on the 9th-11th but my parents love me so much. Thanks 
"#demthrones @user Jon Snow was spotted Tues in Belfast with another popular Night Watchman,  where GOT is currently filming...just sayin!" 
Entertainment: AC/DC rocks the Big O Monday night * 69 
@user Running to the cinema to see Paper Towns tomorrow like @user 
#PaperTowns #FanScreen the best night of my life was February 26, where I almost got to meet you, but I met lots of amazing people! (Digi) 
I can't even begin to tell you how excited I am to go see AC/DC tomorrow 
I just finished My Super Psycho Sweet 16 Part 3. I've loved the whole series  for made for tv movies they're actually good. 
Just got off the plane and hopped on Marta heading to see Xavier Rudd at Center Stage. Yeah C'mon! 
Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s first elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations 
@user hiya good morning raining in scotland today mite just have a pj day ;] 
I told mom that when we go to Florida Saturday its gonna be 9 hours of Justin Bieber and Adele...she's just gonna have to deal with it 
Team Kumite in Tohoku championship  We got 3rd place!! This photo was taken 3years ago... Do you find me??Lol 
"National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow, July 23rd! Will you take care of business like this little tyke? Love this kid!!! 
As Port Charles struggles to come to grips with Jason’s disappearance...a shocking return!  Tomorrow’s episode is can’t miss!  Watch #GH! 
Promoted again! I just guided Milan to 2nd place in Non-League A 
@user haha no, the first was just Barca and then I put the "|" just to separate for my 2nd club 
@user @user great news..on The Tonight show Starring Jimmy Fallon tonight and then here on Monday..can't wait..he's a legend 
"I'm so glad Shawn is going to London, Spain and more countries in Europe since he has much more fans than he had back in February/March" 
Tomorrow is Thor's Day. He's allowed on the team because his hammer is powered by lightning. No hammers on the team without electricity! 
Might have something to do with Jurassic World having the 3rd biggest box office takings of all time. 
The DUKE is LOOSE. Duke Johnson pounds it in for a 7 yard Touchdown. #Miami leads #VTech 27-12 in the 4th. 
Federer breaks his own record with a 14th appearance at the ATP Finals after reaching the US QF #FinalShowdown 
"POP Bottles make Luv (THUG Passion) RED Bottoms , Mon Clare (High Fashion)" 
"Man, this @user team keeps getting better. David Price on the tit tomorrow!" 
"Biggest, brightest lunar eclipse of the year will bring a """"blood moon"""" on Wednesday! 
@user I’m blessed to have you on board! Thanks again. The film will be screening at Rich Mix in December, I’ll send you deets soon x 
We love FREE!   Celebrate with Fox Theatre for their 5th anniversary!... 
I'm sitting at home on a Saturday night watching Jurassic Park and I'm totally content with it. 
I was all about Naruto and anime in middle school early high school lol. If it's still good I may get back into it 
@user was never Ric Flair's bitch. But this Sunday, I'll make you mine." -John Cena #beautifulwords #Cenation 
St James Park randomly playing the instrumental for My 1st Song by Jay-Z at half time?  Decent. 
@user @user BJP may be liking Rahul Gandhi now. The more Rahul speaks the more BJP will gain. 
Had a dream last night that EJ started Sunday against the Vikings and threw for over 400 yards and 5 TDs...a man can dream right? 
"On June 29, Andrew Breitbart offered a $100,000 reward to anyone for the """"full ’JournoList’ archive, source fully protected""""." 
7th Season of The Big Bang Theory is by far the best 
"Good luck and lots of energy to @user who is competing in the Ironman Wales this Sunday!! Come on Chris!" 
Gotta get up hecka early tomorrow but I'm just gonna stay up and watch Naruto 
Dustin Johnson took advantage of favorable morning conditions to take an early lead at the US PGA Championship Thursday while Tiger Woods 
Is tomorrow's new Apple TV really a games console, and does it involve Nintendo?: And if there's one thing tha... 
@user You wouldn't believe how many Demon fans want you to succeed Col - kick some butt today and be back for the  Eagles. 
What I want to see on Sunday on True Blood - Eric Eric More Eric Naked Eric Pam Did I mention Eric? 
Lana Del Rey on the 15th of May? (Unintentional rhyme) someone must come with! 
#allifacts alli simpson (born on 24th of april) is an Australian actress who love to make people laugh! @user 
"i made eye contact with niall and louis last night, i was jumping and singing like there was no tomorrow" 
Everyone make sure to make an appearance at the MSA meeting tomorrow in Mr. Summers ' (Also known as JJ or J Sums) room after school! 
Loved the hair style from Friday’s Jason Wu #NYFW show? We’re giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look 
The Zac Brown Band absolutely killed it on Saturday night!! @ Hersheypark Stadium 
"Dear Ms. Rousey, may I be your Pre-fight Fluffer? I promise I'll spike your testosterone &amp; make u win. Sincerely, Winky @user #UFC195" 
"Happy Saturday! Blue Skies all around the Port! Gallery open today 10am to 5pm. #maineart #lovekpt #art  ""Curtis... 
"Rasheed Wallace said he’s ready to play ""30 minutes if needed"" in tomorrow’s home opener at MSG against the Heat." 
I understand that the Saints D is terrible but Manning is unreal. Makes EVERY 3rd down. Impressive. 
Ironman Wales on channel 4 tomorrow 6.35am - sky plus it - or do as I am excited to watch it real life with a cuppa!! #ironman #ironmanwales 
@user Happy Valentine’s day my love.. November is coming <3 
@user hehe due to your answers I think we may be the same person lol #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga 
Just under a mile up the road from us! Gotta love North Hills Friday night live music series! Bob Marley Tribute... 
You'll love this. @user #BlastFromThePast, Federer, Murray, Serena, Djokovic. Its got it all. #WorthTheRead  
Nothing is better on a Sunday then sitting with your momma as you both google search David Beckham and find the best backgrounds #noteasy 
Michael Clarke looked reasonabley comfortable against the Gordon CC 1st Grade attack today.. #player #cheersforthenetboys 
@user @user as good as Isco may be. He's not Hazard or Reus level yet. James is only being compared because of the World Cup 
"And just like that, an opening hole quad from Dustin Johnson.  Best Thursday/Friday major golfer ever." 
"Yeah boiii #entourage tonight, so pissed that there's only 3 epsdes until it ends. Oh well on the up side #dexter season 6 starts soon...ish" 
The concerts are tonight through Saturday. Go. She is after all the Tony Blair of music (undefeated).  
@user aw thanks lou, im getting it out tomorrow tho ahaa x 
Saw Ant-Man on Tuesday. Great film. Much more character driven than the big epic MCU films. 
"So let's set the world on fire. We can burn brighter than the sun." - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
@user Welcome! For me it was Fleetwood Mac. By the way, may I present my favourite-named tribute band: 
Watching Justin Bieber's Believe right now with @user   And we're going to Disneyland tomorrow.   Life is good pt.2 
SACK! Jamal Wilson with a SACK of Chris Brown! 3rd down coming up 
"Getting super hype for the tension filled #UntilDawn, PS4's adventure survival horror thriller which is out tomorrow. 
paper finished, cma’s over, blake and miranda dominated, accounting hw got pushed to Wednesday. going to bed happy :) 
"In the Name of God, I pray for peace to all Muslims, Jews, Christians, world peoples. May all Praise and Glory be to God, forever!" 
Some may find it tragic that I'm sat alone watching Amy Schumer and eating Ben and Jerries but personally I feel no shame 
@user can. I keep in my perut k? Btw you should come to Hat Yai Fri-Sun short getaway. Not bad y'know 
Watch ESPN tonight to see me burning @user for a sick goal on the top ten. #realbackyardFIFA 
Here we go boys!!! Great job by Thor tonight!!!! And the Captain!! Huge spot for the Long Island kid Matz tomorrow. 
I saw a photo of Aaron Rodgers with some awesome scruff going on today. Did I mention he was at the White House today? IZ COOL. 
Speaking of Kanye, he’s a genius. Like he may make stupid choices sometimes, but his way of thinking is amazing. 
"Lil sis just got lead part in Aladdin. She is 6 and has to learn 101 pages  before Friday. (She's Aladdin, this is so typical of her!)" 
Riding in the drop top Bentley on Saturday after the Surge 365 meeting! 
"Hey, at least since the Girl Scouts stood us up we can have a productive Concert Choir day tomorrow. #optimistic" 
"My Friday night is going to be me eating a lot of food, watching Naruto and maybe some air guitar." 
Friday night cruising through Tennessee, listening to Eric Church with my love #bliss 
Early start tomorrow so off to bed with a mug of peanut hottie and late to the party but finally going to start watching Game Of Thrones! 
@user You rest well, Jun! I hope everything gets resolved on Wednesday. I will direct Jean your way if I see him because he is Gay" 
I'm going to Paul McCartney!  2nd time in two years! 
Just checking in with @user (Nintendo Everything), #A random #twitterconnect Enjoy your Friday 
I wanna dress up as David Bowie for decades day tomorrow but alas I have no money and no time for it 
@user @user  Peyton Manning is phenomenal in the 4th quarter. #Broncos outscoring opponents 89-13 in the 4th quarter. #ESPN 
Utah can take a look at Colorado for motivation - The Buffaloes were picked 11th last season and made the NCAA Tournament 
Hello lovelies again! Super Sunday. Thai food, AC/DC raunchy dancing during warm up, you lot and the Boys. More season 1, I'm a lucky woman 
"Super Hero Sunday! Half Off any Appetizer when you wear super hero attire!  Tom Brady is a Super Hero, right? 
Officially out of office hours until the 8th!  In my back pack: Nintendo and Mario Bross YES Mp3 YES Bikini YES... 
Only 3 more days until AfricAid's Mother's Day Shopping Night at Ten Thousand Villages!! Friday the 11th from 5-8pm! 
"Terry Wogan has pulled out of presenting Children In Need Tomorrow, Chris Evans is on the blower already" 
"Today, as Islam and Christianity clash, honest study of the White Mughals of India gives reason for hope 
Happy Valentines Day <3 !!.....yes, in Brazil, it is celebrated on June 12. Your mind = blown ! 
JUNIORS! Class shirts are on sale now. $10. Please give the money to @user ASAP. Preferably by the end of Monday! 
@user bruh Kendrick got my head spinning in Black Friday with all his bars 
Your were awesome Frank Gifford Monday night football isn't the same 
Eeeeee I'm going to the harry potter studio tours tomorrow :-D 
Tomorrow is Force Friday and I get to see Slipknot. Totally the good day that Ice Cube rapped about. 
Praying Frank Ocean releases his album tomorrow just to soften the blow 
@user I met you in LAX in august I've been trying to get a follow from you since I met u, follow me pls? 
My best friend is meeting The Vamps for the first time on saturday I couldn't be happier omg ! 
Sun Is Shining by Bob Marley &amp; The Wailers, found with @user Listen now: 
"Today is Star Wars day, may the force be with us.." 
Its the right time to vote harder and harder for gaga because tomorrow will be too late  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
@user Are you coming to IoT Day, October 8: IBM, Cisco, Fitbit, Microsoft and +15 speakers and demos. FREE! 
@user yesss,, omg!!! i think Myungsoo in my 2nd place after Gyu, he’s replacing Hoya now 
Today Sept 9th Apple announces details on how iPhone will work with #Adblockers, #onlineadvertisers in the future. 
Excited for Halloween tomorrow I am going to be Jake from State Farm 
If drake drops at Apple music I'm not going school tomorrow I'm taking a day off 
currently listening to Mariah Carey //   We belong together Don't judge me, it's Sunday 
The Buccaneers have a bye week this weekend. They are practicing hard for their game on October 26th vs the Vikings. #lwlive 
@user the congrats one? Thanks btw. We race at LVMS in Sept and Nov. Not sure if I'll do the September one though 
Calibraska released for the 1st time 4hrs ago now it's out everywhere and #1 on the iTunes charts so proud of @user @user 
"listening to the black friday remix by Kendrick Lamar, it makes me think that he's the greatest rapper right now. only straight rap." 
#Shameless has got to have the best music on tv right now..best music supervision since Friday Night Lights. Love this show @user 
Seahawks are 31st in passing avging 182.2 per game but remember Russell Wilson is the best QB in the league if you listen to any analyst. 
@user haha 8th - 11th grade was strong with the Kpop. We're always in sync lol 
going to see young savage saturday w/ my girls. lol, 
"It's me, isn't it? Take me to Iron Maiden. 
#Entertaining football at White Hart Lane, just the dosage i needed on a rainy Saturday afternoon. 
Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will hold a rally Sunday at the #Greensboro Coliseum 
The other night I had a dream UGA beat Boise State. Let's hope it comes true 
A highlight for my Friday nights is watching Real Time with Bill Maher listening to him &amp; his guests bitch about the government 
She surprised me with Jason Aldean Tickets for tomorrow night!!!!!!!!! 
Sunday is Pride Day! Come tomorrow to @user to see Pride Parade and enjoy the day with exciting entertainment! 
Officially going to see Paul McCartney in October !! 
Amateur hour at Lord's y'day &amp; from 2.00pm when Paul Dunne kicks off his 4th round with Shrek. #LoveMondays #TheOpen 
"Finally going to see ANT-MAN tonight, then off to see ROGUE NATION either tomorrow or Sunday. Looking forward to both." 
Los Angeles Galaxy (Official Site) >> Wilhelmsson hopes to make LA debut Friday vs. Rapids 
Ed Joyce talks of his immense pride at becoming Sussex CCC captain in tomorrow's Argus and of being a team with vice-captain Chris Nash 
is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it #Followfriday Kings 
I'm actually excited about starting my new semester tomorrow... 2 more years. One step closer to my Bachelor's degree. 
When you remember John Cena could surpass Ric Flair's record on Sunday... #SummerSlam 
Busy first day at #Soccerex. Coming tomorrow? Don't miss the chance to win an Apple Watch at our stand! (298) #WiFi 
Rousey vs Holm's on January 2. Holms has the best kicks of any ufc woman fighter. I'll give her at least 2 minutes with rousey 
Prince George is a cancer too @user We really are the best.  
Cool! A Tiny Milan Apartment with a Magical Disappearing Kitchen via @user #Design #Decor #Organize Wednesday. 
Max Martin just notched his 21st Billboard #1 as a songwriter. Only Paul McCartney (32) and John Lennon (26) boast more leaders as writers. 
Congratulations @user for being first runner up in the Miss USA pageant Sunday! 
"Who's ready for Jason Aldean tomorrow at Klipsch Music Center?!   **Follow us, like &amp; tag 3 friends along with... 
Porto is even more amazing as the sun sets... 
Anyways, Good morning. Did you know about Khader Adnan’s lecture in Ramallah tomorrow evening 7:00 PM in Ramallah? DO NOT MISS IT. 
Salt &amp; pepper are 2 great spices One makes you thirsty! By the grace of God may we as Christians be sweet &amp; salty 4God!! 
Burnin' it down- timeflies tuesday   100% better than Jason Aldean 
@user Look forward to seeing you in Newcastle tomorrow night! I’ll be front row wearing a Broski t-shirt! #WWWYKI 
"Wow, what's good time last night!!! Love the old skool jams! Today I rest... Tomorrow back to The Kee to Bala... 
Cate Blanchett proved that you don't have to wear a gown to look elegant on the red carpet 
If I score this Saturday I'm gunna celebrate by dancing the same dance James Rodriguez danced in the world cup. Ayeeee haha 
"Ever since May 5, Big Brother season has been in full swing. There hasn't been a day since wherein I haven't watched BB. #BB17 #BBUK #PBB737" 
I'm so glad we've gotten to a point where all the Twilight movies are on TV on a given Friday night. #ashamed 
Good morning!!  The sun is brightly shining in East York, it’s going to be a great day! 
It's Friday! Finally seeing Paper Towns tonight! It's going to be a good day! #wallofcow 
"Opening today """"The Inbetweeners"""" (15) 20.45 and Cowboys & Aliens (12a) 20.20 Remember it's Super Saver Day,so you... 
"Prince George turns 2: His best style moments - He may be just two, but just like mom Kate Middleton, royal toddle... 
Hopefully going to the seton hall fall exposure showcase October 20th with my boy Mike D. 
So excited for the new Iron Maiden record tomorrow! UP THE IRONS!!! 
@user Will do, also I can’t wait to see the SimCity team on Tuesday 
@user ahh me too :) if you like Rella you’ll like """"NY ( Ned Flanders)"""" ... It’s the 3rd song on vol. 2!" 
@user love her! Went in December with my Dad and going back to see her tomorrow with Shawn! She's incredible. 
RT @user So.... this evening I held @user Nokia N9 in my human hand. And now I fucking want one. #N9 #YesReally 
Taylor and Nicki performing together may be the best thing 
"So in order for #Raiders to beat the #Bengals Derek Carr has to have a perfect game, He needs to RUN for 1st downs. Murray needs to shine" 
Told my little cousin who LOVES #TheWalkingDead tv show Id send her the comics for XMas. Shes in 7th grade.  Figured Vol1 isnt too intense. 
It was a nice experience sharing some insights on Peace n notably the Boko Haram story with young men and women last Wednesday in Cameroon. 
@user Dear Mr. Netanyahu if a new """"Cast Lead""""might be needed I wish you success and total victory, may the enemies of Israel perish." 
"The @user rookie, John Henson, will play in his 1st @user game vs. the @user on @user @ 10:30pm/et. Don't miss it!" 
COME TO THE CLUB MONDAY NIGHT! Hope to see you there! OPEN MIC NIGHT 6:30 - 9 PM at IGUANA located at 240 W 54 St, NYC 
I understand where u gt it frm..lol RT @user #Sunday Best.  Why my granny just say Yolanda  & Donnie look like Aladdin & Jasmine. Lol 
The man with WORKING SOLUTIONS for America! Rick Perry speaks at the National Press Club - July 2, 2015 via @user 
"Any conference where the first speaker is named David Bowie can't be a bad one. (No, he's obv not that Bowie). 
But Messi made the former premier league champions look like a group of 11 lads at goals  
Apple CEO apologizes for error-ridden new map app - Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized Friday for the company&#039;s erro... 
Hats off to Hobie Fishing Team member Sam Smith for 1) catching what may be the record striped bass taken from a... 
It's about time: Why watchOS 2 convinced me to buy an Apple Watch   On April 24th, as many of my [] 
Noel Gallagher tomorrow.. can’t wait to see the legend!!!!! 
Join us this Sunday on the Terrace.... we’re taking it deep all the way :-) Filthy Rich, Deeafro, Rob Maynard, Dj... 
I'm coming back to to Dayton November 15th for half the day. Pretty excited to see everyone again 
"Maybe tomorrow I'll get my arse in gear, go check out the thrift store and stop in at the Lair." 
For the 1st time in 30 years. For your splendiferous entertainment. Arts in Lechlade proudly presents an OLD... 
Kim Kardashian has been looking back fondly on 2015. On Sunday the siren named her top magazine covers of the year 
@user @user """"omg Kyle is the best boyfriend ever! I just knew if I sat I'm the pink chair he would find me! Love him""""" 
$1 monday's at dunkin is the best way to start off the week :-) 
Michael from Good Times is the 2nd greatest Michael. Michael Jackson is number one. 
@user ""So amazing to have the beautiful Lady Gaga at the show in AC tonight. Love you girl.- Britney""" 
9 September has arrived, which means Apple's new iPhone is now just hours away from becoming an official thing. 
Leeds 1-1 Sheff Wed. Giuseppe Bellusci securing #LUFC a point after Chris Maguire had opened the scoring 
