"Ben Smith / Smith (concussion) remains out of the lineup Thursday, Curtis #NHL #SJ" 
Sorry bout the stream last night I crashed out but will be on tonight for sure. Then back to Minecraft in pc tomorrow night. 
Chase Headley's RBI double in the 8th inning off David Price snapped a Yankees streak of 33 consecutive scoreless innings against Blue Jays 
@user @user CENA & AJ sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G 1st goes AJ's  job then John's cred then goes Vicki with the GM position. 
@user Well said on HMW. Can you now address why Texans fans file out of the stadium midway through the 4th qtr of every game? 
Just said hello to Dennis Kucinich as he walked casually through campus with his #hotwife. He's on 22nd st! 
@user  6 tickets for Sam smith concert  Sept 30 cheap! Flew our family of 6 here fir the concert! BEYOND UPSET! 
"Fiorentina have reportedly opened talks with Chelsea over taking the 20yr old Kurt Zuoma on loan in January." 
What is Jamie Foxx doing sitting next to Niall like you could've sat in a better spot just saying lol  
@user @user 1st uneasyness was when he got v defensive about the Charlie Hebdo stuff, even tho he had pals patiently explaining" 
"Gonna do a movie marathon with my friend today and tomorrow. Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, BD1, The Runaways, Adventureland, (c)" 
Oscars Well makes his debut over fences at Punchestown tomorrow. It looks as though he’ll have Plan A and Darwins Fox to overcome. 
Q2 10:30. Philip Rivers pass to Eddie Royal to the San Diego 19 for 7 yards. 3rd & 1. 
@user Work colleague of mine on Thursday night: ""oh, look, they're showing the Bee Gees on video."" 23-yr old colleague: ""who?""" 
Who's going to get them Gucci foams tomorrow 
Ryan Braun returned to the lineup on Wednesday after missing two games with lower back tightness. 
"#Ichiro has nothing. If you want to see hustle: Kenny Lofton, 17 October 1995, scores from second base on a past ball. #GoTribe #ALDS" 
Gonna go to the north game tomorrow night. I better see some of you north kiddos 
"last day of august, waiting for frank ocean to pull a beyonce.  
#INFO --> Grand opening sharetea bubble tea with @user 2 nov 2012 mall taman anggrek 11:00 - 14:00 * Jadwal ke-1 besok ! 
Gucci pants himself store january lay open the span thine atomic irruptive concomitant so that cons comburent:... 
still not over how Nicki snapped like a 12th grader on their last day of high school 
"TFI Friday doesn't look like it's coming back, as Chris Evans focuses on new-look Top Gear 
#np The Way You Make Me Feel - 2012 Remaster by Michael Jackson from the album Bad 25th Anniversary. 
#days #dool Tuesday Hope has to pick up Ciara. Rafe wants a real case not just publicity like Justin 
Seth Rollins talks &amp; talks every Monday on RAW for about 45 minutes 
@user #MLBCentral David Wright crushing a dinger on his first swing since April 14th. I didn't think he would pull a Wilmer Flores! 
Anyone want to see Sam smith with me on October 6th? 
"You can't shit talk Kpop. Every group is so in sync and vocally on point. It may not be your thing, but it's talent." 
I hope Milan mom say that she can come over on the 28th 
Don’t forget Mitch Daniels is going to be on Steven Colbert’s show Thursday.  Think this will come up as a topic? 
Cherie Blair is sat on our coach going to the games! #Olympics2012 
continued : Emmanuel Adebayor has not travelled with the squad for our Europa League away tie in Greece tomorrow evening. 
@user Last Wednesday, when I saw you dressed as Robin, all I can think about is "Who's Batman? Where's the Teen Titans?" 
@user Brock lesnar live from madison square garden sounds like it could just be a live feed of him sat on a chair for 3 hours 
@user Frank ocean releasing his second album december 31st 2015 on new years eve. heres the interview... 
@user SCOTUS based their argument on the 14th. No matter how you stretch it race was not involved. 
"Rahul Gandhi held Indian citizenship from day one: Congress: New Delhi, Nov 18: Dismissing BJP leader Subraman... 
"I'm going to Paramore at Rock Im Park in Nuremburg, Germany - Jun 8 
"Shows how much you can trust drivers answering these questions. Alonso was still saying on Monday that Ferrari split is """"just a rumor."""" #F1" 
"Church tonight, who will you bring????" 
Pics of the March Fourth Marching Band at the Oregon Country Fair closing out the show Sunday night. Their... 
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Game - 30th Anniversary Edition Need to sign up with the BBC online. 
"Chuck Close shares his best-kept secrets with @user on the eve of his new show, opening Thursday @user  
Googled the snake I stepped over on the trail Sunday. Baby timber rattler. So time to Google "snake-proof hiking boots." 
Ricky Ponting and I now have something in common. Today he passed 23,000 1st class runs. Last night at training, i was hit for 23,000 runs. 
Ted Nugent talks to us about #hunting and other stuff he’s got on his mind @user this Saturday at 7am on the Great Outdoors, #nuge 
Check out Newsha Tavakolian at the Saatchi Gallery in London. Her photos of Iran may interest some of you! 
Mansbridge destroyed Justin tonite the polls for the lib's should tank tomorrow! Wake up people he is NOT ready!! 
For the ones tomorrow sunday in Milan (Italy): Aperitif and evening at Fiat Open Lounge: 
"J'regarde des infos sur Ragnarok (le film) &amp;bon: ""Thor will make it out of the third movie[..]Loki, on the other hand may not be so Lucky.""" 
@user Donald trump said the same thing about the tax rate.  Fact check said he was a liar "pant of fire"   
"If you’re calling this little thing right here a """"party"""" then Friday night’s gonna be Project X, Y, & Z." 
first Hasek now Modano want to come back...who's next Mario Lemieux for the 4th time! 
@user how was your day today? Did you enjoy watching softball. We missed you on tiger woods 
And to think I wrote this Dustin Johnson Tweet after the second round of the British Open 
Just Turned the corner into Ghetto n #Roma 1st thing I saw a group of Muslims! Now that's tourism for ya. It's a sm world after all #peace 
Who wants to be my date to the White Sox vs Red Sox game Tuesday 
'Frank Ocean' appeared on Sunday 16 at the 11th place in the Top20 of Dallas-Ft. Worth's Trends: #trndnl 
"Also may take years to figure out if the song reaching #1 or John Cena co-opting ""I Can't Feel My Face"" as his signature tagline is stranger" 
Has anyone ever seen @user and Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson together in the same room? 
Why does everyone want to give Eli Manning credit for every win. The truth is Sunday’s game should have been a blowout. 
I think this was the first night of Louis with Briana? (That's not her tho) I saved it on April 17 but I DK 
On Monday im going to eat so much you might as well call me Jordan and Ally. Im so fucking hungry. 
"Be prepared to listen about Nicki and Miley tomorrow at school, or maybe Kanye" 
@user I just wonder how peter is the 1st pope when the Romans crucified him 200 years before Christianity was legalized in Rome 
Sky : Melo and Perisic are set to debut in the Inter shirt against Milan in next Sunday's derby. Icardi is also probable. 
@user You really want to go there? He had a gr8 Milan team from 03 to 06. He finished 1st, 2nd and 2nd to a team that was relegated 4.." 
"Christianity is nothing else but the imitation of God’s nature.  We seek a relationship with God through Jesus ...""""Lord that I may see""""." 
@user big ups SL!!! Copped the 10.5 Gucci's missed out Friday!!! 
2nd half about to start. No subs for the Red Stars to begin the half. WNY kicking off. 45 to go.... 
@user yea I was just thinking that! Btw Reece is going to be in Kyle and Jackie O tomorrow I think.... In the studio 
Our paper needs to be turned into blackboard and Google by midnight on friday it needs to be less than 17 % on blackboard!!! #aumrsch 
Imagine if this was clashing with tomorrow's Celebrity Big Brother launch though. I'd be so torn. 
"Off to ER, for the Edinburgh Derby, c'mon the Hibs" 
Randy Orton is going to be in Lawton tomorrow 
Delhi police says report about Sunanda Pushkar's death inconclusive: Delhi Police said Friday the forensic evi... 
@user @user Is Wednesday normally Cascades help day? I might want to make a trip at some point before January 21st. 
"Frank Gifford, dies at 84 - The Washington Post. I worked with Frank way back at Wide World of Sports. Class Act. RIP 
"Sumlin says he put Kyler Murray in for Kyle Allen during 1st half as a ""change of pace quarterback."" That pace: Fast. Murray has some wheels" 
"Go Set a Watchman comes out tomorrow! Do you plan to read it?   I have to reread TKAM first, but then I definitely... 
#RAW Aaaaaand Randy Orton becomes the 3rd person ever to pin Rusev. Whoever's booking Rusev should step down or resign. 
@user Mate, how are you lads enjoying Andy Carroll over there? Can we have him back in January? We’re a bit desperate! 
A future Big Brother might be able to see you in the dark .. 
I’m going to Roger Sanchez at Factory in Toronto, Canada - Dec 7 
During nap time I will: watch the end of Hart of Dixie, set up Activity Corner for tomorrow, & study more genetics stuff. #hotdiggitydog 
@user @user @user I get it. You're like the caster version of Chuck Norris. You're just waiting for @user Championship Sunday 
Rousey to fight former boxer - Mixed martial arts star Ronda Rousey said Friday she will face female boxer Holly H... 
"Tomorrow at work, when people talk to me, I'm just going to slap my crotch and twerk in response. See if I get the same reaction Nicki did." 
BIG BANG CONCERT IS TOMORROW. OH MY LORD !! BOO HOO HOOOO )’: *Cries all the 7 seas* 
I don’t doubt the 2nd coming will be in Jerusalem AND Missouri, but when is it due? 
"Bryan sophomore Mykenzi Greenler gets by a Redskins defender Wednesday in Port Clinton. The Golden Bears, the No.... 
"Nolan Arenado, Kris Bryant, Manny Machado and Miguel Sano are gonna won the 3rd base spot for the next 5-10 seasons" 
"Where's the sun mommy?" "It's asleep like you should be" "But Harper's a moon mommy"  Dammit kid. 
@user Im sure it will replay on NFL network tomorrow too. 
iPhone 6s Launch: More Details Leak Ahead of Apple's September 9 Event: iPhone 6s launch on Wednesday is just ... 
Naruto is the 10th Nakama and would be the last Strawhat Crew. Just my opinion. Sorry. 
Support CEO Keith Bradshaw as he spends a night sleeping at Adelaide Oval on THURSDAY raising money for the homeless 
@user @user yes, download avaiable 30 aug, but after can't play. waiting 1 sep . you read this in PS4  after finish download. good luck" 
Rahul Gandhi the kid is planning jail bharo with all his supporters on 19 Dec. Great. The judge will have less trouble arriving at verdict. 
@user I'm literally struggling as we speak--I'm traveling in March and I listen to soooo much KPop that it's past time! 
Did I just see what I think I did on @user Real Madrid signed a 7th old? #wow 
Honestly, lack of 3rd party support should have been expected. its not the company's fault for not siding with Nintendo 
I started #TheAmericans on Friday courtesy my vacationing cat-owning neighbors with Amazon Prime. Oops. Uh, I'm not paying Amazon myself. 
Next sunday I'm going to CiTY Nightclub just to hear @user play. 
The Kee to Bala just got Drizzy: Intimate concert in one of greatest venues with rapper @user this Saturday pm in #Muskoka's @user 
@user May favorite one EVER on iOS is Harbaugh, it autocorrects to Garbage 
"Nymburk shouldn't start any more games without floor spacers on the wing position. Need Simmons out there. Raivio 6th man, just fine.." 
"White: UFC not going to Dallas in December, Rousey's next fight in Vegas via @user 
@user just sent you a request off the app. I'll get my PS4 on the 15th 
Anybody not taking the PSAT want to go to Original House of Pancakes tomorrow morning? 
Monday night RAW opens up with Paul Heyman and Brock Lesnar in the ring and Paul calling for a rematch.  Live... 
LEAVING ON SUNDAY... But I still have a Jason Aldean ticket for $30!!! Let me know if ya want it 
@user fell asleep during Magic Mike XXL.....guess we are just gonna have to rewatch it tomorrow.....daaaarn 
@user we just confirmed Nipsey Hussle Dec. 29th @user Hall tix on sale Friday! 
just sat in on Bruno Mars interviews 
I am gonna Meryl Streep the fuck out of this tomorrow 
Just caught the end of TFI Friday. Chris Evans is like the Harold Zidler of Wetherspoons. 
@user tbh this game is bunk...I just wanna watch Monday's game with Messi 
High point. Ice Cube's son was the mvp of this movie. Whoever played Eazy should get 6th man of the year. Whoever casted Snoop shoot them. 
"This Wednesday, beat the cold front @user with a celebration of George Harrison + The Beatles with Here Comes The Sun! Doors 7:30." 
@user @user @user @user :If she's like Michelle Obama that may not be true? 
Randy Orton may be leaving WWE if he doesn't get a part-time deal with them! #WWE 
Little blurry but this is the crowd I play for every Thursday at Plan B with Madison’s hottest DJ, Brook Bartels 
Ben Lederman may well end up being the first American to play for Barca but, for the time being, it sounds like he's heading to Florida. 
I'm going to orientation naked tomorrow 
"http://t.co/JJVDi4lW Wednesday's Featured Property of the Day is Knollwood Place Apartments, in... 
@user And it's like 1/10th as insane as it was in Dark Souls. I was like ""oh, is that all?"" lol" 
Van Halen and LL Cool J talk about Michael Jackson (LMJ May 3rd 2013) via @user 
"MTA agent to me: ""This card has been damanged since yesterday morning."" Me: ""But I used it last night."" MTA: ""No you didn't.""" 
I still think they should have let Nicki continue what she was going to say rather then cut her off cuz it may hurt Miley's feelings 
@user I smirked, I promise not to tease you about it tomorrow lol. Same, lots of Bad Blood though." 
@user I keep 2 cells. 2nd one is the lovely Katbonn K9. Available for under 1.5k. Value for money. Feels like old Nokia. Solid battery. 
September 8: [More] Justin spotted out and about in New York... 
I saw this during the 1st season of Game of Thrones, so it's not technically their 1st kiss #bb17 
My heart hurts I really need to shawn when he goes on my bday to Texas in October I hope I find tickets some how:( 
n VOW is likely to return from a midsummer break in the Prix de Royallieu at Longchamp on Saturday.: Trainer Wil... 
@user June:) Isn't that the one with the outfits from Styled To Rock? 
#Fantasy Recommendation by @user :Jackie #Bradley Jr. While the Red Sox season may b... #Alarm 
"The mantra from Republicans to Democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan""The mantra from Republicans t..." 
@user is it just me or does """"Danny"""" seem a lot like Billy Crystal in the first 1/3rd of When Harry Met Sally?" 
Why would you not want to spend all Sunday at a Youth Soccer turnament? Mequon cup Baby. (4100 W Highland Road 128N) 
"Entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on Sun, 10 Mar 2013! 12th time, going for that elusive 3h30 with @user 
National News - Oklahoma Wesleyan University Is Now the 2nd Christian College to Leave CCCU Over Hiring of Gay... 
MTSU takes a timeout. stops the play clock at :48. They are facing a 3rd down and 9. If they convert its over. If not there is a slim chance 
"Coldplay, One Republic, Maroon 5, Sam Smith, Ed Sheeran, Oasis, Owl City, Simple Plan, The Fray, Muse, Snow Patrol, Empire of the Sun.." 
"Going up St Andrews tomorrow to caddy Paul Dunne, he needs some advice from a pro" 
What Tomato and onion had done to BJP in Delhi, LPG may do the same to Cong in the forthcoming elections... 
"Charlie Rose with Desmond Tutu; Bill Joy (October 5, 1999): The Archbishop of Cape Town, South Africa and Nobel ... 
@user Which Sunday is Women's Day?? and you get your shirt yet 
watching the VMAs tomorrow just so I can watch Nicki call Miley out on her dumb shit 
"Report about Sunanda's death inconclusive: Police: New Delhi, Oct 10 : Delhi Police said Friday the forensic e... 
Any1 interested in @user tickets 4 the NIA on the 8th of nov? BLOCK B ROW 13 face value. Inbox me 
We should have listened to Zayn about the 21st of August 
Niall mentioned San Diego and that's all you really need to know. 
"Uncover the Eternal City! Return flights to Rome travel on the 21st January, for 3 nights Augustea, 3 star Hotel... 
@user @user I thought it may have been about John Cena 
Can you believe that The Salvation Army in Goshen is already working on Pancake Day (November 16) and Christmas... 
Rick stein has set up his camp in spain - according to saturday kitchen. State the obvious why dont you :-) 
"Timezones outside of Canada seem to confuse me, but I'm cheering for Tonga in tomorrow's #RWC opener.  At least, I think it's tomorrow." 
Sarah Palin tore into ESPN on Thursday night, calling the network "whimpering" and "intolerant" for suspending baseball analyst Curt 
Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Chargesk!!! the whole story: 
Albion write off Nottingham loss: Plymouth Albion winger Jack Arnott says the club will 'write off' Saturday's 3... 
Whoever replies 1st with the correct answer wins 4 tickets for Sesame Street Live, Sat 10:30am performance at Rupp, and an Elmo plush doll. 
@user @user @user miss 11yo loves 13th street, BBC crime, etc, news hasn't had an impact yet - she still listens to me 
@user around what time on Thursday does kissanime upload the new Naruto episode 
Wtf?.. They got caught in the act! #LiesPeopleAlwaysTell That Pole National Margarita Day Ash Wednesday 
@user hun i am going to Dublin in march, if you do a tour, do not come to Italy (Milan) during the period from the 11th to the 20th pls" 
"ANKARA, Dec 28 (Reuters) - Turkey sees no normalisation in ties with Israel unless its conditions for ending the Gaza blockade and" 
August 5th is Work Like a Dog Day. Because sometimes you just have to do what you have to do. Jay-Z said it well: can't knock the hustle!... 
Favourite this tweet if you want Seth Rollins to wins or retweet if you want john cena to win tomorrow nigh on summerslam.  Follow for cena. 
Caitlyn Jenner opens up about fatal car crash: Jenner's interview with Lauer on Wednesday &amp; Thursday. 
@user who Yakub was Innocent?? Good bhai.. May be you must vr judge.. 
"Arsenal youngster, Chuba Akpom and Liverpool rising star, Jordon Ibe may snub the Super Eagles following their invitations to England's U21s" 
Get the launch schedules for Celebrity Big Brother: #CBB 
New Jeremy Kyle starts Monday, you bitch I’m back to school then!! 
Maybe now you guys understand why I changed my name from Save Hannibal Sam to Hannibal Killed Sam on Thursday night #HannibalMicDrop 
@user So this is the 4th person on this show that i have seen in commercials. Felisha is the Sprint girl with David Beckham. 
"Did you know? In 1984, President Reagan made July National Ice Cream Month &amp; established National Ice Cream Day the 3rd Sunday in the month!" 
What time does Shawn's concert on the 15th start at 
NFU unchanged for the 4th successive game tonight:  Nicklin, Gardner, Peat, King, Anderson, Hunter, Bolder, Muldoon, Bradshaw & Williams 
A Delhi court said on Tuesday Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi will have to appear before it on... 
Gucci host yourself thought february go ahead the set of two your minute sympathy procurement into diplomat support 
MSNBC: The NFL season kicks off Thursday night and Tom Brady is set to be on the field: 
"The B-52s Rock the L.A. County Fair With Berlin Featuring Terri Nun, Pomona Fairplex, Fri, Sep 7 @ 7:30pm, 50% OFF, 
@user in Europe country comes 1st b4 club. Incase in missed it Welbeck is on 7goals in all competition. 
tomorrow gonna be hell yall. though, i am going to the golden modes in chapel hill! 
2 days till Jack White at Alley Pally then I find out the Ruskies need me to work on Saturday. What’s is it like to have a personal life? 
Indeed, on the 2nd, peals of thunder were heard, the wind blew from the east, and hail rattled against the facade of Granite House like vol 
Pray for a better day tomorrow. Maybe we will wake up and #Obama and #Extremist Muslims will be gone! #CCOT #TCOT 
#BreakingNews American football star and broadcaster Frank Gifford dies at 84: 10 August 2015 From the section...  
"Seth Rollins just out there stealing all of Finn Balor's moves. What's next, a Bloody Sunday?" 
Thursday night at Spices Negril it's Football Thursday.  Food and Drink Specials all night.    Tom Brady is Back vs Ben Rothlesburger in... 
Sold Out OSU NIKE WEEK ZERO v6 amp Available. Men's Size 10 for $230. Local pickup in the Buckeye City. Available before Monday's Game. 
.@IAA_Bahrain Look at the media coverage of #Bahrain regime's arrest of Nabeel Rajab 1 Oct 2014 #100Tweets4Nabeel 
"Real Madrid will have the first option to buy Tottenham winger Gareth Bale, if Spurs sell the Welsh international. (Sunday Mirror)" 
Apple CEO apologizes for error-ridden new map app: Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized Friday for the co... #coreformulas 
@user But i guess the PS4 may have it too. We have a ''media player'', and we can transfer songs to Share Factory using a USB drive." 
Floyd Mayweather says he quit after Saturday's welterweight world title defense against underdog Andre Berto. 
Jackson back in camp Monday @user you ready to see the Eagles lift up that trophy! 
Tomorrow is International Talk Like A Pirate Day. Have I left it too late to become fluent in Somali? #TopSomalianLies 
@user Then I will refrain from telling you about my plan to watch Mysterious Island with my son tomorrow night.  (He’s 6) 
"Dustin Johnson flies out of the blocks at every major, but he simply cannot get it right on a Sunday." 
We will be closed this Monday, February 20th for Presidents Day.  If you need access to your account over the... 
"Thursday's Broadcast Ratings: CBS, ""Big Brother"" Top Charts with ... 
Josh Hamilton (knee) is out of the Rangers' starting lineup again on Tuesday night against the Mariners. 
"Let this Christ, this King of Israel, come down now from the cross, that we may see and believe." 
Raven-Symone -- Kim &amp; Kanye Sorta Came To My 30th (PHOTOS): Raven-Symone couldn't get the real Kim Kardashian ... 
"I don't see Islam on the march or people country shopping, I see desperate people wanting to build a new life. #refugeecrisis" 
Our Eid offer ends tomorrow. Have you booked your appointment yet? #FloatUAE 
"RT @user Tiger Woods' former caddie Steve Williams made about $140,000 for his work with Adam Scott today. Tiger Woods' new cadd ..." 
Its going down this Saturday at Rum Runners st cloud...btw where the party at tonight? 
Have I missed the bit where someone said that Chris Evans is supposed to wear the same t-shirt every week on TFI Friday? 
From the @user -- Clerk in gay marriage fight back at work Friday or Monday; office to grant licenses in her absence 
"Your 3rd gen. iPad with Retina display is worth a lot of money, especially at Amazon (MacDailyNews/MacDailyNews) 
"From the Twitter just now from RNDM: """"RNDM has a beef with Pearl Jam Radio on @user channel 22. Tune in Thurs... 
I’d want Mannone,Jenks/sagna,per,kos,TV5,coq,arteta,santi,theo/gnabry,giroud,poldi to start tomorrow 
@user Milan must score in the 2nd half 
About to watch the 2nd half of season 2 of Breaking Bad on my long flight to Hong Kong #buzzin 
54) A Bro is required to go out with his Bros on St. Paddys Day and other  Bro holidays like Halloween NYE and Desperation Day FEB 13th 
"Kris Bryant on #theneeds, check it out! 
One for the diary - Tony Blair is due to give evidence to the Foreign Affairs Committee next Friday to discuss Libya 
Scott Walker &amp; team Ringleader are in 1st place in overall points &amp; for most releases in the MidAtlantic Tournament! 
West Liberty goes for it on 4th & goal with seconds remaining in the half.  Isaiah Moody runs 2 yards in. FSU leads 19-13 at the half. 
If it were Blank Space up for 7 awards tomorrow Taylor would sweep but since it's Bad Blood she'll probably only win 5/10 
Houston just 8-15 in the 2 weeks following each Sharknado release. Sharknado 3 comes out Wed. @user @user  
@user I’m feeling a bit of Derrick Williams tomorrow, is he available to play? 
"It may be hard to keep up with their busy lives, but Kendall and Caitlyn Jenner will always find time for each other.&amp;#160; Caitlyn shared" 
Watching the Eli young band on the cmas right now.. About this time tomorrow I will be watching them in person in Starkville!!!! 
Eight bookings for West Ham? Eight! That whirring sound you hear may be the late Bobby Moore etc etc... 
Nicki went from I want to thank my Pastor to cursing at Miley. That may beat what Kanye did to Taylor Swift. 
"David Cameron is the new Tony Blair, not sure that's a chair I'd like to be sat in." 
@user next Monday I'm gonna have a bob Marley sticker just to fuck with her 
Hector Nuris's error from a David Wright dribbler plates Daniel Murphy as the Mets extend the lead to 8-5 in the 13th inning. 
"Sam last night: ""Shawn tomorrow morning we should wake up at like 9 and make breakfast"" ... it's 1:34 and he hasn't gotten out of bed yet" 
GOP hopeful Kasich files for 1st-in-the-South primary: Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Monday landed the endo... #HINews 
@user Is it a gaffe? Rick Perry may be on military time. 
"Seth Rollins says that Monday was suppose to be the greatest night of his life, referring to the statue of him! #SmackDown #WWE" 
Tell it Rolling Stone @user 
A judge ruled Friday that the graphic photos of Kurt Cobain's death will remain sealed per the wishes of his... 
"#ASimpleLife opens tomorrow at Lee’s 4-Star in San Fran - Roger Ebert called it """"one of the year’s best films"""" 
"#Tech News: Motorola lets you trade in your old Moto G, Moto E for the new (3rd gen) Moto G - IBNLive 
Yoga for Anxiety coming up - join me on the 18th of Sept. Register here 
"Just to be clear. If Scott Walker wants to end the 14th Amendment, that will apply to all persons right?" 
"rabta kamati ko q bol rhe ho bhooka marne ke lye,eid ke bad tou wo wasy he mar jaye gy ranges ke khuf sa 
yeah, Harper went 0-3 tonight. that doesn't mean he doesn't have every right to call out every single fake nats fan that left in the 7th 
Several of HNB's staff will be serving at the Early Bird Kiwanis Pork Dinner this Friday the 11th, 11-6 pm at Y's Men Pavilion in Hannibal. 
Giving the tickets away to see NERO at the Hammerstein Ballroom next Saturday in 20 minutes!!!! :) 
"#dKepo Chris Rene: Live & Exclusive!: X Factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow,... 
Grateful Dead plays The Beatles   Though it struck me that the latest gens may not know... 
black sabbath are announcing their tour and iron maiden just released their 16th album what is life 
@user  Home watching on TV it was obvious Serena tanked that 2nd set to give the crowd a 3 set match. Can you try to be transparent 
"Man Rapes, Infects Lover's Kids with HIV in Benue State A 32-year-old man, Mr. Terkura Iorpuu, was on Thursday a..." 
Me rn cause Calibraska comes out tomorrow in the U.S. 
MMAWeekly Radio Tuesday: Miesha Tate, Ryan Madigan and the Best Debate in MMA #debate #Front_Page #Miesha_Tate 
depending on how late Madonna goes on stage tonight, I may consider thinking about getting a ticket for Sat. night.  maybe.  #notreally 
@user Are you going to SJP tomorrow night pal? 
"Aaaaah The Word. Emu &amp; Snoop, Nirvana's UK TV debut, Oliver Reed being Oliver Reed, don't make em like they used too 
Seth Rollins looks like the typical emo kid that shops at Pac Sun #SummerSlam 
"Milky Way Ransacks Nearby Dwarf Galaxies: Washington DC (SPX) Oct 17, 2014  Astronomers using the National Science Foundation's Green..." 
So I'm ready to make more progress in Dark Souls NG-NG+99...we'll kick off tomorrow's stream with NG+86 Chat Chosen Weapons 2pm EDT!!! 
@user yeah the freak Tim Byrdak brought the chicken in the clubhouse. 2nd rate move by 2nd rate organization 
How long am I going to have to wait for Naruto to end and binge watch only the 4th shinobi war? #NoFillers 
@user although that may be true I will never bow to Dunkin. Regardless of how bludgeoned it may leave me 
"David Price felt good even into 8th inning. Then it snowballed. ""That's baseball, that's part of it and if you don't like it, pitch better.""" 
"Please be advised that Round 5 of the Eastern Province Special Stage Rally Championship, scheduled for the 8th of... 
Did you know that 'Caitlyn Jenner' was Trending Topic on Thursday 20 for 5 hours in Washington? #trndnl 
@user next Thursday is the last day at Dunkin and I'm trying to celebrate lol 
New post: MLB roundup: Blue Jays score four in the 10th to top Red Sox 
if Ed Sheeran does a surprise performance with someone tomorrow at the VMAs refer back to this tweet 
Just got email about @user press conference at 11am on Wednesday at the MLK Jr statue at Marshall Park. #CLT #dnc2012 #DNC 
Take a Warm Winter Vacation in Myrtle Beach : Vacations Made ...: Ring in the holiday season at the 31st Annual ... 
A reminder to all Hong Kong Optimist Sailors: you must pre-book your Prizegiving Curry Buffet for Sunday. Deadline... 
i want tickets to the Thursday Game Heat vs Knicks (Game 3) hmm... 
[411Music] Dr. Conrad Murray to Take the Stand in Michael Jackson Murder Trial: Jury selection begins this Thursday... 
@user I know I'm stupid but it seems SCOTUS has established marriage as a right via 14th. Kim was denying people who legally qualified. 
I wonder what really went down the night Meredith was murdered in the Amanda Knox trial. 
Do you live near York? Come stand with Planned Parenthood next Thursday -- details here 
Sprint to buy stake in Clearwire: Sprint Nextel Corp. on Thursday said that it wants to buy out the founder of C... 
Curtis and Perkins going well in tandem for the @user 121/1 in the 22nd. Chasing the Hinds' 228. ^BM 
Catholics changed the 7th day of Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday. Sunday being the 1st day. Catholics changed the calender! 
"Fly Yoga with Sabah and Piper, Arms and Core, Wednesday 8:15pm and Thursday 11am. 
"#worstroadtripever Only had one cassette in the car, U2's The Unforgettable Fire, which is great until you get a headache the 13th time thru" 
Black Ops III Beta looked a lot better on PS4 than on Xbox One. I hope that isn't the case come November. 
Us Magazine Sam Smith Writes and Records the New James Bond Theme Tune for the Upcoming M... #news #May #Omg #NFB 
Sharknado on Twitter: &amp;quot;Will April make it to 'Nado number 4? YOU DECIDE! VOTE now using ... 
watching Eclipse with Katiee then Vampire Diaries for the rest of the night(: 
@user @user @user  Right then....you here Thursday with Justin? 
Hillary's Computer Tech to Plead the Fifth; Congress May Offer a Deal - The New American 
@user Chelsea and Liverpool lost now I hope Milan wins and Juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend 
Tanzania 0 #Nigeria 0 at half-time. Proof that Sunday Oliseh's new team will need time. Tough game so far for the Super Eagles. #afcon2017 
Think I might go to the Colts game tomorrow 
@user Why do you keep saying iPad HD do you mean the 3rd generation one?? 
@user lol bastich...  I have my Sanchez jersey on, I'm about to go Miyagi sun and  save our quarterback!  #jets" 
@user It's Gucci. Hopefully I get the cast off Friday. 
@user Dana white reportedly said holly will have to wait to fight Ronda in July but she wants to fight in February or March smgdh 
Is your computer acting like it is still on Labor Day break? Just reboot - It's patch Tuesday :) 
We didn 39t make The Hills Tuesday night session at PaleyFest but those 
AC Milan reportedly want Miralem Pjanic to join the San Siro in January #FootballFanatic 
@user You can now Listen new song cover of @user  Love yourself"" by: Justin bieber heres the link~&gt;https://t.co/Mq1tVGbqxm""" 
"Bucks backcourt mates Brandon Jennings and Monta Ellis had a """"little brother-big brother"""" talk on Sunday, as Jennings described it." 
Capello: I’ll Tweak Lineup for Azerbaijan Game: Coach Fabio Capello said Monday he will tweak the Russian lineup... 
"The 2nd act released onto the FUTURE-ONE line up is the massive ORGAN DONORS! 30th November @ City Nightclub, Falkirk. #Nutcases" 
PSN Tuesday: Assassin’s Creed 3, Okami HD: You can buy all the Assassin’s Creed you can handle on PSN today. Both... 
Dear God, may we trade you all the music "artists" at tonight's #MTVVMAs and have Frank Sinatra and Kurt Cobain back? Please? #Amen 
Fan walks with Seth Rollins on Monday night raw @user via @user 
Waiting for Newcastle to smash the Mackems with @user #DerbyDay in the sun! 
I basically live here. Find me on the 4th floor! (@ Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Library) on #Yelp 
Chelsea Manning may face solitary confinement after caught with the Caitlyn Jenner Vanity Fair 
"Or may be they're not convinced that Yakub was a traitor, rather helping the authorities. It's a perception game.  
"WWERollins,u may have 2 defend ur title against Brock Lesnar anew due 2 the Undertaker attacking him just as he was about 2 b WWE Champion." 
What time does the British Open start Monday? Can Paul Dunne win? 
Today is Thirsty Thursday! Get a beer + cold shot combo for only $5 all day long. Join us for the Green Bay... 
Uploading my iPod for tht drive back to the O tomorrow 
@user are y’all going to come jam with the Contraband tomorrow?  #loudguitar 
I think the #NDP may have made an error being to focussed on Harper and forgetting about Trudeau who is now leading in the polls. 
"In #StraightOuttaCompton Ice Cube was writing the Scripts for ""Boyz in the Hood"" and ""Friday""" 
@user I think good QB's are good QB's. What's the argument for why Tom Brady was a 6th round pick? Belichick made him great? I'm asking. 
Gonna watch Grey’s Anatomy all day today and tomorrow(: 
@user Well, choices wise may be it makes sense recognizing his form. But I'm just saying Atleti's system has a lot of say in it." 
"Hate crimes against Muslims in London have risen by 70 percent in the past year, a media report said on Monday. 
@user Hello Flora. This is Patti on behalf of Ira. May I confirm if you already received an e-mail from Globe? 
"BREAKING!! Eagles storm Port Harcourt for Niger friendly: On Tuesday, the Super Eagles tackle the Mena of Nige... 
@user You’ll find out Sunday! He’s in a match! Then an Elimination Chamber match for the IC title the week after! 
We Milanisti rather read some news how things are finally going to change within Milan.  
Sunday’s golf roundup: Nick Watney flirts with 59, rallies to victory: By Associated Press Comments Nick Watney ... 
Protested the protest of Planned Parenthood this past Saturday in Austin, Texas.: Little did I know, being in ... 
Tomorrow it is definitely necessary for watching films after attending the Remembrance Service with the staff and pupils #givemetissues 
"Marca | Real Madrid's tactic is to wait it out and hope the GK does not renew, which would then mean he becomes a free agent on 30th June." 
New Show | Starkville: Big KRIT and guests. October 10. Ricks Cafe. Tickets on sale Friday at 10am. Spread it! 
Kinda considering getting tickets to see Sam Smith again in December to make it six concerts over four months? 
Floyd Mayweather may be good at dodging punches but Ronda Rousey would beat the shit out of him. 
3D playing tonight on our back deck 6-9pm.  Off Duty Angels tomorrow night 7:30-11. Sam Adams Promo and Red Sox... 
"Thats the way to live, Else Hindus may ask for #meatban during Navratri and other festivals, Muslims for liquor ban 
[Chicago Sun-Times] Kris Bryant and Justin Grimm went to the Bears game at Soldier Field on their day off #Cubs 
@user @user @user awesome Monday..... no blues :) is it safe to request iron maiden's speed of light? 
"For everyone freaked out about the Iran &amp; NY dam story, @user will be on the tube shortly to contextualize. 
@user @user And goodbye to any man who thinks he can take on John Cena this Sunday night!!! 
Next big day of the year is Presidents Day. The revised date is now the 6th October. Details of the competion... 
College Night is tomorrow at ICC!  Come to the ICC CougarPlex to meet with reps from over 80 colleges IN ONE... 
@user no like I saw Ant-Man last week, watched WHAS on Thursday, the show yesterday, AND HIS FACE DID NOT CHANGE" 
#Logansport school board members got a preview of the district’s ISTEP scores Monday night: 
Qatar should receive the same help from Hezbollah that Israel got from Qatar in last Gaza war.  
Hulk Hogan fired from WWE - was it because of Racist recordings!? 
"The 4 colors most widely associated with HULK Hogan? Red&amp;Yellow, Black&amp;White The famous lines from the anti-racism Sunday School song #Irony" 
@user will the Dana White interview be up Tuesday? 
What's new in @user 1. AJ Styles returns and may fued with Seth Rollins for the Title. 2. The return of Asteroid on JMWE NXT 
Bad Blood is nominated for practically every VMA under the sun and I'm surprised it's not in the 'video with a social message' category 
@user no it's a Redskins game dec 20th. But I wanna go to the redskin and cowboys game too 
This match marked the 13th year of Undertaker's WWE career. #SurvivorSeries2003 
Blue Jays 3.5 games out with David Price on the mound tomorrow... 
I just set my alarm ringtone with Nandito Ako. Okay. See you tomorrow :) 
"Dustin Johnson (-6) leads the #PGAChamp after Rd 1, looking for his first major. Jason Day (-4) is in a tie for 3rd. 
@user nah,it just moved to youtube!Rolling Stone may be the one dying!" 
@user bury girls day out to the brook!! Every Thursday! Standard! 
I didn't tweet about this anywhere but on Friday i opened my calculator and it said John cena but I didn't have my phone to take a pic it 
it was Dean Ambrose vs Luke Harper in April &amp; I have to sit through Ryback vs Big show yawn 
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of Sunday’s La Liga trip to Real Mallorca, with Sami Khedira, ... 
"Albums you may have missed: X Factor, Iron Maiden 
"On the blog: Tues Meme ""Like This, Try This"" via featuring Pretty Little Liars, Unearthly & Sabrina the Teenage Witch" 
@user @user listen to the lyrics. SOReal  Jan Hooks Tribute: Love Is A Dream 
"Hulk Hogan Uses N-Word In Sex Tape, Gets Fired From WWE: Well the WWE gave Hulk Hogan the boot on Friday after... 
Tottenham are without several big names for tonight’s [Thursday] match at Stadion Ljudski vrt. Emmanuel Adebayor (cont) 
Argus: Are you undecided about who you will vote for in the 17th Congressional District...: Are you undecided ab... 
Who’s going the homecoming game Friday ? Brookwood vs central ^_^ 
"MT @user #Syria, Deir Ezzor: Ali Bashar al-theeb was martyred. He was a soldier of the Free Syrian Army.  Wednesday, 3 October 2012." 
Free $50 Visa Card give away at Villa Sneakers in Genesee Valley Mall at 10am with Club's 937 Ricky Burns and LV Sat 20th |... 
#Indians just never got chance for a #Rays style rebuild where they could take a Longria 3rd or a David Price 1st overall. 
Gonna watch Goon for the 27th time now 
The driver of a motor vehicle that crashed on Petrolia Line in the evening of July 11 remains in serious condition. 
Tomorrow we play Roskilde Festival @ the apollo countdown stage @user 
Final Destination 5 is coming out soon. I never thought they'd make a 5th one! #youcantcheatdeath 
'Paul McCartney' appeared on Saturday 1 at the 19th place in the Top20 of Chicago's Trends: #trndnl 
"Wale don't do this man. I fux wit you but you 2nd or 3rd tier in this rap game bro. Kendrick is miles in front, he'll answer in time #TDE" 
"Rock Calendar 12-15-77: ""Saturday Night Fever"" soundtrack, w/pulsing disco songs from Bee Gees and others, released a day ahead of the movie" 
@user How much is Retro City Rampage? on the Playstation Network, I need to know since Im purchasing a PSN Card tomorrow and need to know 
"Saudi, Turkey, US nervous as two sponsored ""moderate"" rebels against Asad were eliminated? By the US&amp;Israel method? 
Red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow 6PM. Sounds like they want to dig for Sony prices some more. 
"Kicking off Monday morning with Iron Maiden's ""Piece of Mind""" 
@user David the UK bookies have got you penciled in with Vitali for 30th December : Do they know something we don’t ?? 
Wait - Go Set A Watchman is really the 1st draft of Mockingbird? Then why is it being published as a separate novel? 
President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday charged the new heads of the Nigerian military to defeat the Boko Haram... 
Kris Bryant is the 5th rookie 3B to hit 20 HR in a season in the Expansion Era. The previous 4 to do it all won Rookie of the Year. 
Can we get Frank Ocean in charge of this asteroid so he can keep pushing the date back? 
@user wanna go see legally blonde at north at 2 on saturday? i told your mom already but i need to make sure they have tickets if ya want 
Come out to the @user Rising Stars game being held here at 5:10pm THIS Saturday! See prospects from all 30 @user teams! #AFL12 
"If you wonder why we keep on this sustainable path, run the trails around Cardigan. Closed loop at its best, nature. #doworkshop tomorrow" 
@user There is filming going on tomorrow.  Can you confirm you can be in Oldham by 10? 
@user no because asia told me it was the 14th and now its to late . 
Biden: Not Sure I Have 'Emotional Energy' for 2016 Run Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday he is trying to... 
(Reuters) - The season opener between the New York Knicks and Brooklyn Nets set for Thursday at the Barclays Cen ...  
"Slider to center by Mark Trumbo and that will do for the top 3rd. Mariners lead White Sox, 4-0." 
Angela Merkel and Francois Hollande consider the conduct of the elections in DNR and LNR threat Minsk agreements  
"I'm in the mood to get a Gangsta Grillz today, you think it will go over well at the work place on Monday morning - Is this the new normal?" 
Chance to win Zac Brown Band tix today.  We're singing &amp; you may have to manage some light Spanish to win.  Keep listening. 
This Friday we are mixing Tumblr with Twitter, ah well. 
I hate to succumb to the thought but Rousey just may be The Juggernaut.  
I’m pretty sure Bill O’Brien has gone for it on 4th down more in one season than Paterno did his entire career. 
Even as Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi on Monday alleged that he was prevented from entering the Barpeta... 
(Motorola Moto G 2015 review)  Buy now from Amazon Motorola calls it the Moto G (3rd... 
Fenway Park staff reportedly confiscating Don Orsillo signs: Monday night is the first Red Sox game at Fenway ... 
It may be true that Monsanto is terrible at PR, but believe it or not, it's not an evil company. #FeedThe9 
@user I should drive up to Orono tonight or tomorrow night 
@user can Son and N'Jie give us what we need to supplement Kane until the January window? 
Tripple H was never Ric Flair's Bitch..But this Sunday Ima make you mine...     John Cena to Seth Rollins 
"August 21st is such an emotional day forme, drive was put onSpotify, dmd videoreleased, Christians cover and I might be going to url tonight" 
Sarah Palin is set to return with an uproarious new stand-up special premiering this Saturday night on HBO 
Whoa. Is Taylor Kitsch seriously going to be at the charity game tomorrow? 
U2's Bono reveals he may NEVER play guitar again following horrific bike accident 
Democrats defeat Republicans 8-2 in Congressional baseball game tonight. 
Well said @user If anyone watching this Yakub episode they may think this is the only case whole Indian Judiciary has at the moment.Shame 
@user @user technically we have school tomorrow, yes no yes, it's not a goodbye it's a cough, Justin Bieber, Pasquina" 
Depending on what you thought of Jurassic World, you may or may not like this Kong: Skull Island news 
@user Enter our competition to win a London Children’s Map Puzzle just follow and RT.Closes tomorrow @user  
Headed to the Honda Classic in Florida (@ Airport Fast Park - Red Lot) 
Panthers WR Benjamin may sit vs. Packers. Will that news effect the spread? Current line is Green Bay -7 
Gucci bags yourself secret december come the dyad thine particular ultra-ultra ampliation on route to pleading... 
"It's been a hell of a week, Chuck Norris released a video that claims Obama's 2nd term will bring about armageddon." 
I’ve watched the Benji 30 for 30 before and this 2nd time hurt. Kinda hits home. Thinkin bout the homie Darrell. #RIPDT 
Harry backstage with Niall last night in Cleveland -- Aug 27 (via @user 
@user - Yep. Believe the Indians are in the 10th slot (lost today) and the White Sox are 11th (losing). Tigers 12th. 
"How's everyone's Saturday night? Don't lie. Ur laying in your bed with your smartphone up in the air, with Sharknado 3 in the background." 
"Ima walk into class tomorrow like Ice Cube did to his auntie house in ""Straight Outta Compton"" with a binder and all kinds of notebooks." 
Gay couples will try to wed as defiant clerk sits in jail: Several deputy clerks say they will comply with a c... 
Hey everyone! If you are competing in districts at Lake Braddock on Monday you need to make sure to do the DECA test by 5pm tomorrow!! 
I may haven't been close to Louis at MetLife but he didn't seem unhappy at all 
Nope. Still half-asleep. More dancing. Seems like a Madonna sort of Monday, so on with a Bonus Song of the Day:  
@user Moto G 3rd Gen with android 5.1, 2GB RAM, upgraded 5MP front &amp; 13MP rear camera, 720P display,4G LTE &amp; water resistant" 
@user @user All Mountain naming decisions are delegated to Chuck Norris by the 2nd Amendment 
David Wright with yet ANOTHER tough play. That short hop wasn't easy to grab. #Mets and Phillies head to the 13th. 
It's been pouring for 3 days I'm starting to look like one of those twilight characters. Where's that doggon sun yo Damn you Florida. 
Paul Dunne tees off in the final group tomorrow at 2:30 pm while Padraig Harrington is off at 2:10 pm... 
I may exit off twitter and fb  and thug with instagram btw its blonde_lifestyle:insta 
Last time the #STLCards swept a team was a two game series against the White Sox starting July 21st 
Taken 2 comes out Friday and the Afghans will have it Saturday guaranteed 
@user fashion tip for everyone at the Derby tomorrow 
@user hey, reckon you'll be free for this tomorrow still? Google+ around 9pm (or earlier if you're back from the game and free). 
"Jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge with my hang glider on Sunday. Find a bookie, now taking bets on which state I land in" 
@user So, I take it you will be dressing up like DRose and trying to sneak onto the court tomorrow night?" 
May God's love be stronger and longer than the bruises we've collected from (well)meaning Christians. 
LF Hanley Ramirez's season may be over after the Red Sox placed him on the 15-day disabled list Saturday with right shoulder inflammation 
@user February 2, aka Groundhog Day, we can pull it off, right? 
@user Okay thanks Shawn and I figured it may be a stretch to do it all but never heard mention of it so thought i'd ask you. 
FIFA is weird sometimes: You may remember the FIFA 12 video where Andy Carroll starting trying to hump Iker Casi... 
23 Aug 00;30 #771NAS Rescue193 returned from Tresco, IoS lifted a casualty with minor injuries to RCH Treliske 
only 7 net hits at Fenway as the Blue Jays and Red Sox are in the top of teh 9th deadlocked 1-1 
@user fans freaked out 'cause Shawn just tweet that and starts to think that our fandom may change into Homies 
JS News 2 September 2015 - Paul Southwell, Head of Junior School From bears to Batman, the JS's Book Week Parade.. 
@user @user Evidently Kpop fans noticed it awhile ago-it may be too controversial to win now, Uptown Funk is a good choice for VOTY :)" 
"NASA to lift the warning over the Georgia Dome on the Oct 25th because they expect """"an atmosphere to be present for the first time ever""""" 
George Harrison - Here comes the Sun (live).avi 
Cant tell from up in the upper deck, but looks like TOB may be wearing skechers to a fb game... 
@user I want Mark’s thots comparing/contrasting Romney from last nite 2 what may have been Santorum; this from Santorum supporter 
The moon rising (Last Quarter) last Friday from the top of the Malahat. - Murray Sharratt Photography 
I will be out of town and will miss this but you should go! Nuit Blanche #DC event Sept 24 @user 
@user Hi, may i ask you for your Help. Can you hook me up with used (second hand)  console PS4 or XboxOne ?? Thanks in advance" 
"I don't normally share personal stuff, BUT, It's after 11:00pm, it's the top of the 9th inning, at the White Sox... 
@user Sue and I the last 4 Tuesday's have seen The Judge, Gone Girl, Equalizer, and Walk through the Tombstones." 
Michael Babatunde: Super Eagles midfielder expecting 1st child with wife 
"Miss last Friday's Soundboard, our partnership with @user and @user  
"Texans Injury Report: Linebackers Jadeveon Clowney, Brian Cushing Both Sit Out Thursday: By the l... #NFL #Texans" 
 This is the Link to the Twilight run this coming Thursday @user 
"It all began as an ordinary day in September... an ordinary day in Raccoon City, a city controlled by Umbrella." 
Murray seals the 2nd set 6-2 #USOpen2015 #USOpen #easy 
"Dustin Johnson to local course: ""any tee times Saturday?"" Course: ""no, but can we book something for you on Sunday?"" DJ: ""No thanks.""" 
Gucci bags foreconscious classified information april send to school the dyadic thy undivided on accompaniment... 
Arsenal linked with January move for Milan star after failed summer bid...  #football 
Missed @user on #bbcqt last night blaming Tony Blair for July 7 attacks? Watch it again here: 
"JohnCena,u have ur rematch 4 the US Title Match at NOC,but Seth Rollins may make sure u don't win that title back anew. He's desperate." 
@user @user you never know. It may be a song lyric from one of their songs on Calibraska 
In my 2nd season in MyCareer, and the Jazz have Maggette and JR Smith starting... NO NO NO, WTF IS THIS?!? 
@user Do you watch all of those John Cena videos because I have developed a 6th sense because of them. 
Guess that just makes the lifting Local rags do from BBC anyways sanctioned and official, no real change... 
@user Kane may well get so disillusioned with lack of signings that he slaps in a transfer request. That would be interesting! 
"In June of '93, ""That's the Way Love Goes"" by Janet Jackson was the #1 song on the billboard. That same month, Aaron Nola was born #Phillies" 
"If Bee comes in with cash in Oct,I'd imagine Milan are gonna splurge in the winter&amp;definitely next summer,let's hope they are smart about it" 
@user @user Johnny Cueto, Scoot Kazmir,David Price, Cole Hamels. If they had a top pitcher in the A`s 3 games may be they would have won" 
'Charlie Hebdo' cartoonist Riad Sattouf discusses his memoir 'The Arab of the time of course 
@user Thats what happens when you go to Spurs. & btw to answer your prev Q basically there was a shooting by the police last Thurs 
That moment when you figure out Tia Long who played with Ice Cube in Are we there yet? Also played in Friday with Ice Cube #funfact 
@user Feel like more would’ve stayed if they just ran today’s all-access first. Sort of late to wait around for the 2nd one at Rupp 
Nationally Jeb Bush slips back to single digits in the RCP average of polls. Carson clear 2nd to Trump: 
A player appearance will be taking place tomorrow at Westfield Parramatta. All the details are here: #GoWanderers 
@user @user maybe it’s just to short a time to have 1..there’s Booker T Friday &now Vicki lol for Monday ..maybe AJ will get it 
This ensemble will make its debut this Sunday in the Georgia Dome!  #beardown. #ooohkillem 
"John Kasich, you may know him? Anyone? #GOPDebate" 
"Every Sunday the same man drinking a beer on a stoop asks me HEY, how was Pilates? How do I tell him that it was yoga? Yoga!" 
@user  Trudat! The case is now State of Florida vs George Zimmerman! I may need to seek some educating about that. 
Just found out Kendrick Lamar is having a concert Friday and I have no idea where to get the tickets 
By-Elections in #NA120 and #NA154 will b on 11th October Just after Eid. Battle has Just begun for the Lahore throne.Keep the PTI Flag high. 
@user whatever you know red Sox are going to win tomorrow 
"Paul Dunne w/ Jacket: 2 bogeys on 1st 2 holes, without jacket: 1 birdie. Keep the jacket off kid! #Amateur #finalround #TheOpen @user 
@user @user She won impressively with Bobby Jindal 2nd. 
Your Sunday read. MT @user @user on why Bill Maher isn't the only one who misunderstands religion. 
David Wright hit a homer tonight but that's irrelevant because I will be fulfilling my David Wright taco bet at #DoLoThroDo15 THIS SATURDAY 
Registration open for 2013 Land Expo with exclusive access to Jim Rogers. Jan 17-18 in West Des Moines. #LandExpo 
Buhari took the right decision by telling the military to end the Boko Haram insurgency by November-OBJ @user @user @user 
I'll just go Naked tomorrow 
Ajax caretaker coach Jan Pruijn jokes he needs to sideline top talent  Billiat and Manyama played best after... 
Yo I forgot to mention that I saw @user in Saturday and I think he's super rad. And s/o to vessels cause their new stuff is Gucci 
@user nope not quite yet... Do u read chinese??? if so check on Weibo or Tudou they may have it w/ chinese subs already.. 
"August 25th; Kanye West and Frank Ocean host private listening party, play each other's albums on repeat while laughing at the world" 
@user SAME HUR we’ll figure it out in yearbook tomorrow<3 
Kaya punya uang aje ! :p RT: @user AC Milan reportedly want Miralem Pjanic to join the San Siro in January (Corriere dello Sport) 
"Bad Blood is a v catchy song but the lyrics are such a ""omg he sat next to my bff at lunch instead of me"" anthem." 
#AndThatsHowTheRiotStarted Nike invents the ultimate inner city shoe. Then only has 5 pairs made for black Friday. Go gettem! 
"Tuesday on tap: Straight from Milan, the hoppy Quarantot from @user @user 
@user will i be able to purchase the metal gear solid v edition PS4 tomorrow or is it an online order exclusive? 
@user  I hope that you have sort of a clear image about Islam and Muslims. It may look a bit complicated , but if you read , you'll know" 
Really pumped about knock2bag on Friday w/ @user @user and Sheeps and others! Doors 7pm at Rich Mix. 
"RT @user @user Nigga u movin to Italy. Yea my nigga, imma call ya tomorrow and rap with you bout it." 
"Niall's turning 22.  ""5th album's about to drop.""  ""The boys are taking a break.""   ""#1YearSinceFireproof."" 
MYSA annual girls tournament final preparations underway... Join us at the Nairobi Technical field from Tuesday... 
"On One Friday Rasoolullah (Peace Be Upon Him) Said: ""O Muslims! Allah Ta'aala has made this day, a day of Eid, so... 
"Justin bieber, remember this when I show up to meet you, April 20th 
.@PPPpolls You mentioned on Monday that you would be releasing Colorado and Nevada numbers on Wednesday; were those polls abandoned? 
Rahul Gandhi wants to emulate Kejriwal. Says he prefers jail to bail.But Rahul may not come out and get convicted while in jail! @user 
@user Y does Carly Fiorina want to be president?  To be president, or to be the 1st woman president?  Her ego as big as the Donald's?" 
Iowa State has the chance to affect the National Championship game for the second year in a row this Saturday 
Tomorrow she is @user reporter at Davos for Geeks. Perhaps she’ll bring us home an internet gazillionaire instead 
watching obama videos bc i need a fucking break and it's just tuesday thank god 
@user he's a fraud who will be gone by May. Bet you weren't saying this when he was at barca 
#music PAUL McCARTNEY (the Beatles)Original Concert Ticket (23 sept 1993) 
Really think @user should have @user as a guest for Bad Blood at the show Oct 17 in Dallas 
King Cake and boudin for breakfast. Yep! I’m in southern Louisiana, where the weather is warm (not hot) and sunny. Wine tasting tomorrow! 
#tedxsendai is October 10th Watch it and learn more about the people affected by the Tohoku disaster. 
[ABS-CBN News] Aquino on Enrile’s memoirs: May all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people 
The San Diego #Chargers expect wide receivers Eddie Royal and Malcom #Floyd to play in Monday night's game against the Denver #Broncos 
C'mon Paul Dunne enough with the bogeys! It's birdie time!! #TheOpen #StAndrews #golf 
@user no we watched qually in Milan at a sports bar, going to the race tomorrow and we'll be sat in the grandstand at Parabolica" 
@user U may be right in the end, but it takes 4 wins to wrap up a 7-game series. If Cards can rough up Kershaw twice, Bum can be too." 
What could possibly be going on here tomorrow? #iphone5 #apple #yerbabue  @ Yerba Buena Center for the Arts 
C’mon @user you KNOW the BCA IS a budget, and STRONGER than a resolution. It’s a LAW. #OHSEN 
Last 3 Dons matches I've been at have been 0-0. Last Dons win I saw was Forfar in January. I'm going tonight #apologiesinadvance 
@user @user Ohh, I just checked his Facebook. It's suppose to release on the 3rd day of Eid." 
"Saudi security spending rises $5.3 bln in 2015 - minister: DUBAI, Dec 28 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia increased it... 
"Monday's Best of the Web -Floyd Mayweather flips out, Sheen Roast, Melissa McCarthy wins an Emmy | DVE Morning Show 
frank ocean actually dropped his album for those of you that don't know . dropped the 30th . it's in spotify 
"Paul McCartney said he'd follow the sun.  I've got news for you, Pablo.  It ain't going anywhere." 
@user Yes, Kookie is the 2nd worst wrecker. Jimin is the #1 bias wrecker. There's no one in Kpop who's a bigger wrecker than him XD" 
Two of the guys on our day out at Lechlade last Monday 17.12.12 
Tech News: Apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul - Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday replaced the heads of it... 
"At this point, Motorola and Verizon may just be allowing the DROID Bionic, one of the most hyped phones in rec... 
"Gentle reminder, If you wish to see Ant-Man and or Minions, you will need to do so prior to Friday, August 7." 
News Alarm: Kendrys Morales (DH - KC) Kendrys Morales went 2-for-4 with two doubles against the White Sox on Saturday. 
David de Gea is now considering a contract extension with Manchester United. Real Madrid may have lost the keeper for good. [Marca] #MUFC 
@user I don't want a girl that parties all the time..gimme the one who's down to watch Netflix and order pizza on a Friday night" 
@user @user in the end this may have lasted longer than Iran deal 
@user did i read the barons schedule right when it said we play the dallas stars at home on sunday? 
Each of Yakub's family member will file mercy petitions at the gap of 13 days each.  
"my bf was not wrong about Kendrick Lamar's ""Black Friday""" 
@user Hello. This is Patti on behalf of Ira. May I know how long have you been experiencing this issue? 
@user will he be able to perform on a cold summers day at Bolton on Sunday?? Probably... 
I'm ready to see the Jets play Monday. 
@user @user    Jeb Bush says he has released all his emails from time as governor. 
@user Don't worry bbz, tomorrow will be George Osborne getting booed at the Paralympics." 
French club Monaco confirmed on Wednesday that a loan deal has been reached with Real Madrid for P...  
"Selling my Jason Aldean, Cole Swindell and Tyler Farr ticket for their show in Raleigh on Saturday. DM me if you're interested." 
They're making a 5th Jurassic Park. If this continues, eventually we'll all get what we really want. Dinosaurs in space. 
@user first of all relax smh. 2nd he's supposedly linking with Thor 
"July 42, Frank Ocean album still hasn't dropped the album" 
@user as per previous tweet, I have letter to say a Thursday but Niall told me they were told today it was today also?" 
I'm weedless like IWD would say. Availability tomorrow. Scrapins tonight 
Rahul Gandhi to lead 21-member party delegation to the President on Nov 19 for demanding a deadline in the probe of Faridkot firing. 
@user that's why it is called masterstroke or else it was known before Rahul Gandhi &amp; kejriwal would have sat on dhana to oppose 
"Yoga and Aging Gently starts tomorrow at 2pm with these mature, wise teachers. Aging gracefully allows us to... 
@user @user Extension on Xbox One beta and increase level cap? No work tomorrow. (PS4 had problems, they got extra day)" 
I'm going to an Amy Schumer show on campus Sunday night and of course they sent an e-mail saying we won't be allowed to have mace. 
@user what was it like walking onto the stage a performing your first show with The Vamps in April? #AskDrew !! 
8/23. when Niall and Liam came over right next to our section. and just sat there. right there. 
@user Use Ade in Europa and Cups and let his contract run down. Best way to do it. Save Kane for league and get Berahino as 2nd ST 
Is anyone going to go see Kendrick at day for night tomorrow?!? 
Caitlyn Jenner &amp; Kris Jenner pose together in 1st joint selfie. See the picture --&gt; 
Apr 10 1970- Paul McCartney announces that he is leaving The Beatles for personal &amp;amp;amp; professional reasons 
National Women's Day on 25 Aug. but it's also a date where UMNO Kaum Ibu was formed. So is it a date for all women or for UMNO #Wanita? 
"via @user Did Russell ask you to address the team before Thursday's practice? Brian Kelly: """"KeiVarae and I had a discussion about i" 
Ice Cube writes like every movie he's in lol 
@user @user Next Sunday is penciled. The Harveys meet the Lawson-Mckennas for a royal rumble. 
and the 4th one is for Harry Styles!! <33333 
twsrc^tfw abc7chicago Doesn't look good for Kane and the Blackhawks 
@user Allen!!! Are you gonna be at Jason Aldean tonight? I missed you Sunday at Darius! :( lol Hope to see you tonight! 
Heh I just remembered I forgot to watch Jonathan Ross. Guess I’ll watch it tomorrow. I was watching another show and forgot. Schmeh. 
"i call them DBSK when they're 5, TVXQ when they're 2, THSK when they're 3, TVXQ! when it's just Junsu, and JYJ if it's HoMin on a wednesday" 
I’m not sure what to make of The Paradise. It’s like a story Dickens may have written in juniors, crossed with ’Are You Being Served?’ #BBC1 
@user I'm going to Jason aldean on the 26th of sept orrrr rascal flats on October 2nd! 
New Music: Bruno Mars- Young Girls:  If you watched Bruno Mars on Saturday Night Live then you may have caught h... 
Reruns of Big Bang Theory > CMA Awards. Everyday of the week & twice on Sunday. 
Boom! 1st post Bilbao night half marathon 9km. I just finished a 9.02 km run with Nike+ Running. #nikeplus 
@user @user Can't find the angle I was watching but it looked a bit like RVP v Barcelona 1st leg to me. 
Bold Prediction @user is the 1st shark victim in Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No 
9th day of continuous shelling of Baba Amr #Syria 
"Here's 23 ""facts"" that you may not know about me.. Chuck Norris... 
Be prepared to serve the Baby Boom market! Some homeowners in this segment may be unearthing buried plans to... 
bloodymary - hackers nirvana - smell like teen spirit butterfingers - nicotine feeder - 7 days in the sun smashing pumpkins - bullets with.. 
I may or may not be jumping around the lounge to some random boy band on MTV Hits 
"The Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins match being nothing special, even before the cash-in attempt/DQ #RAW" 
This is just like watching a Europa League game. Bonus points for putting it on Thursday night as well 
Heading to Zimmerman on the 9th grade football bus... #different 
@user @user @user No my pockets are empty ... 3rd day of Eid .... 
Anyone want Ed Sheeran tickets for September 17? About 35 dollars ? I have two tickets 
Seth Rollins broke John Cena nose during the match WWE July 27 2015: via @user 
Opine-With Clintons missing E's Ever wonder if Huma her Lover who has ties wUnited Brotherhood of Muslims she may sent Classified One's2Them 
So apparently we're sitting in the same booth that Kurt Cobain sat in @user @user 
"Thinking about stopping and getting Dunkin tomorrow before class, does my girlfriend want anything?! @user 
Enter our competition to win a London Children’s Map Puzzle just follow and RT.Closes tomorrow @user Don’t miss out! 
@user k..... you off to NCS tomorrow or Monday? 
Keen to catch up with the Boks? They'll train at Orlando Stadium from 15.00 on Thursday and the session is open to the public 
"SAVE THE DATE !! Next saturday, the 14th of december, Circoloco is back at Showcase - Paris Live Club with Dan... 
"Planned Parenthood Subject of Nationwide Protest on Saturday // If Christians should ever protest, now is the time. 
@user @user Real Madrid waited until Monday morning to make an offer, after months of nothing. Tried to save a few pennies on the 1/2" 
Video of the 1st points for Anthony Davis, Lin, Harden, Rivers, Drummond, Harrison Barnes & JRich on their new teams 
"Top Grammy nominees are ...: The nominations for the 58th Grammy Awards were announced Monday morning, and Taylor Swift and Kendrick ..." 
"Microsoft & Nokia Holding a Get Together on August 17, 2011: August 17 could be the day we see an official annou... 
RT @user Have you heard about the epic new sci-fi adventure Terra Nova coming our way? Here's the 1st trailer (feats dinosaurs): ... 
Oh shit, might be going to ihop tomorrow Elliott gone kill me 
Aston Villa midfielder Karim El Ahmadi will miss Saturday’s trip to Sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season. 
@user Hi Bob.’m Fine.Tomorrow is a holiday here, All Souls’ Day ’n the 15th Republic Day,another holiday.Now I’m a little busy ... 
Sunday ITV1 10:20pm Jimmy McGovern's docudrama Hillsborough. Harrowing but shows how media can question authority and bring about change 
I’m going to Bullet for My Valentine at O2 Academy Glasgow in Glasgow, United Kingdom - Mar 13 
"When life gets eerie: my iTunes shuffle just started playing ""Big Brother"" by Kanye West as I finish off Sunday's centerpiece story. Timely." 
Marvel’s Phase Two Kicks Off with ’Iron Man 3’ Trailer on October 23rd:  Briefly: If Halloween isn’t enough to l... 
Convinced someone that Ice Cube wrote the song Friday by Rebecca Black hahahaha 
"With only two weeks to go until the release of THRESHOLD's brand new studio album """"March Of Progress"""", you can... 
It’s laundry night at the Turner house. We know how to spend our Friday nights. 
For our Sunday we have......we have the computer hooked up and I have a little time on it this morning.  Bee Gees... 
I’m going to Walgreens tomorrow because I know there’s gonna be a sale on Halloween candy. 
Tomorrow December 10 is #ProclamationDay in Queensland &amp; #FriendsofNewstead with @user invite all to attend at Twilight. Free. 
I’m going to Richie Hawtin at Gasworks in Amsterdam, Netherlands - Oct 19 
"You cannot always get what u want. I believe LVG wanted Bale, Ramos and maybe Kane. Lets wait till January 
Hulk Hogan says sorry for racist remarks caught on tape: Legendary wrestler Hulk Hogan issued an apology Friday after the National En... 
They call me Tim Tebow in the 4th Quarter. 
@user I had the Moto E 1st Gen, now I have the Moto E 2nd Gen, girlfriend has the 2nd generation Moto G, they are all exactly as you say" 
Im picking @user  and @user is keeping the title till Royal Rumble on Sunday January 27 2013 #HelInACell 
@user keep hearing about cole being support to kendrick here in March, thoughts ?" 
For Student Council Members: Make sure you bring at least one dessert for the Veteran Day assembly this friday! #PassTheWordOn 
@user @user @user @user @user @user She may get some air time and help for Christians in Syria but that's mostly it. 
The John Kasich record: What's behind the launch of the 16th GOP ...:  #GOP 
"RT @user ""We called Boise State & tried to get them to schedule North Carolina on Monday night. They didn't do it"" Mickey Matthe ..." 
will Fleetwood Mac's Go Your Own Way ever not make me wanna cry lmao it already made me sad but since march 25 it's reminded me of zayn 
The Bee Gees are coming to you this Friday. Call us on 01253625262 for more information or visit our website to book. 
@user #FutureNews #WhatILearnedToday Jan 20 2017 some of the Mcdonalds will offer a McMorning Joe Biden 
"6 of the ""7th wonders of NLC"" While painting ""Dior and Vogue eye Jude Law"" 
Guardian corrects 2 errors in George Osborne's article on Nat'l Living Wage. Gains are much smaller than he claimed: 
@user you know Rih is having a Halloween party tomorrow in LA? 
"Nicki may look Hollywood, but you hear every bit of New York when she opens her mouth." 
Dana White may be to blame for arguably the greatest UFC fighter ever not returning 
@user I think Rebecca Black went crawling back to her day job.. #Friday 
Tmr is Saturday . Tmr is Duels Official Bars and Bloodshed Rap Battle ! To whoevers down , i shall see you there . 
black and white. Now I thought it must be April 1st because then she blurts out Kim Kardashian says I'm Gonna Eat My Placenta Again! well 
"TBS presents a blues series at the Melody Bar in the Gladstone Hotel. August 2, Steve Strongman will be performing two solo acoustic sets." 
The White Sox may sweep the Royals and I'm confused 
@user everything kanye does needs a news crews presence because he’s too black to burn from sun rays 
"Looks like sports teams owners r studying the Congressional playbook. 1st the NFL, now the NBA, lock out players/threatening the season." 
There's nowhere I'd rather be on a Sunday night than DQ when it's National Ice Cream Day and 90 degrees #sarcasm 
Work in Summersville and Beckey WV for the next 3 days then back home thur evening 
@user hi! are you interested in buying Ed Sheeran tickets for tomorrow night? 
@user Same reason Obama was absent from the solidarity march after Charlie Hebdo, &amp; the moment of silence, for the Paris Attack." 
Libertines LP slips back a week - Sept 11 now. Was originally same week as Iron Maiden (who would've trounced it) Now Duran &amp; Stereophonics. 
"Who do you reckon will start upfront tomorrow for England? Rooney, Kane or the highest English premier league goal scorer?" 
Oh dear god I forgot about my AP bio test tomorrow and I hope Curtis does too 
I hope Mrs.tomasi know I won't be at the play practice Thursday because of the Chris brown concert . sorry not sorry . 
Carly Fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable - Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina pauses as she ... 
@user "What's 1st thing you're going to do for economy" Justin "Call Premiers meeting to go to Paris to fight Global Warming" OMG 
"one more final tomorrow then I'm done for the semester..I been waiting on Christmas break since Thanksgiving break, lbs" 
@user gonna stay over in Leeds for Wednesday tho to get my fix of the eternal city 
am I the only person that just noticed Floyd Mayweather was fighting this Saturday? 
Shows on the Great White Way were cancelled Sunday and Monday and Radio City Music Hall al 
@user Hey doll, I will be riding with the cast of Sons of Anarchy for a charity event supporting the military on Aug 28th." 
"Im a Cubs fan, if I find out tomorrow Kris Bryant worshipped the Cardinals, I wouldnt care one bit....strange phenomenon" 
If you want more books to read during the Summer months, then go to Book Swap at Starbucks, Landmark on Tuesday... 
May our old mini van and Lexus rest in peace. And hello brand new cars :D still miss the Lexus a lot though :'( 
"#polygon Deadpool comes to PS4, Xbox One in November: Deadpool, the over-the-top adaptation of Marvel Comics' ... 
Wale is going to perform at the White House on Thursday as part of Michelle Obama's "Reach Higher" education initiative 
@user i’ll be going to Putrajaya n Serdang on 21st of November. for 12 days. 
You may be Muslim if  You deliberately &amp; disingenuously label criticism of Islam as criticism of Muslims in an attempt to silence the critic 
The MetLife blimp was flying over Starkville, MS today. Probably getting ready for the MSU game Saturday. 
Danee is going to turn 13 tomorrow....OMG i tot she's going to turn 15! I tot it'll only took her 2 yrs to properly join sexy luv dance. 
governor candidate Scott Walker says he eliminated waiting list for long-term care for seniors via @user 
"http://t.co/mL0Dp3IGS6  Ask Floyd Mayweather if he would prefer to be popular or successful, he would have to say the latter." 
@user they have sessions at the bridge tomorrow before the game & next at Cobham is Thursday 
@user @user nikki bella doesn't deserve to break April's record as champion but thanks to @user thank you very much John Cena 
Whilst members of the IRA receive their letters of comfort the British Govt arrest veterans in relation to Bloody Sunday. Moving on? No? 
Going to the Fair on Sunday .. 
Highkey ima cry on Monday and just sing loud af to Sam Smith. 
totally thought today was Sunday and tried to find the Patriots game #stilldrunk #welp 
Is it true that top Ad agencies have decided not to give business to Times of India for their undue coverage to Yakub on 31 July? 
"How do you live beyond 100 years? Join us as we find out the secrets of longevity in Bama, China. P1/2 TODAY on Our Noble Lineage #vegan" 
@user I though we were playing the 1st place AL East team. Looks like we're playing the Red Sox from right after the all star game 
@user Yea,i still rmmbr what Kane said, word for word,he was on stage he said 'AUSTIN,THIS SUNDAY THE BLOOD ON YOU WILL BE FOR REAL""" 
Murray avoids the sack and run for a 1st down. 
@user WERE YOU AT THE HAYE VS CHISORA FIGHT ON SAT? We saw you at the side of the ring n then you disappeared #LIKEMAGIC 
"To Benefit Special Olympics, Aug 2, Prince George's Cty Police All-Stars take on the Bowie Police All-Stars. Support!" 
Gucci may be a famous rapper but he's still in jail and still have an ice cream cone tatted on his face 
What does one do when you're up late bored on a Saturday night? Watch Jurassic Park 
"Obama in New Jersey today says he is there for them. HOWEVER tomorrow, he must head to Vegas AGAIN to campaign with Eva Longoria! SORRY!" 
Anybody want tickets to Eric church tomorrow night in Nashville? 150 each 
Bashaara Graves had 17 points and 15 rebounds in her debut with Tennessee in an exhibition game on Thursday. She played 23 minutes. 
Won the match #getin . Plus, tomorrow is a very busy day, with Awareness Day’s and debates. Gulp. Debates... 
Jason Russell @user sets the record straight on @user #nextchapter Oct 7 at 9/8c #KONY2012 #MOVE 
Just remember Michelle Obama told Barack Obama she may not vote for him for senate just because she didn't want him in politics. 
ITS THURSDAY!  And that means we're starting MYSTS OF ALBION. Campaign packs at the ready guys and if you... 
"-- Thor stood behind Jane, holding her.] ""Alright, you may look."" [They stood on the beach with a view on the Ocean. -- [@stopwiththeipod]" 
#Broncos Peyton Manning named AFC Offensive Player of the month. It’s his 5th such honor, second to Tom Brady’s 6, tied w/ TD. 
"Today from the #SilkRoads: new Saks 5th avenue store now OPEN for business - not in NYC, Paris or Milan, but Almaty 
@user Thursday and yea g I'm Ice Cube real son have you not seen my twitter page 
Just getting a feel here... Who here is planning on getting one of the Harry Potter themed items tomorrow? - Nick III 
If Vice President Joe Biden decides to run for president, the most difficult task for him may come in cobbling... 
@user @user @user @user C'mon guys 12 days is not that long when she's been in Iran for part of the time. 
"Randal Grichuk ties Kris Bryant with his 14th HR of the season, the difference is Grichuk has 100 less at-bats. #Grichuk4ROTY  #STLCards" 
"Hulk Hogan may be in hot water right now, but his daughter is backing him up. Brooke Hogan took to Facebook earlier to day to defend her" 
Ronda Rousey zinged boxing star Floyd Mayweather at the #ESPY awards Wednesday. 
If you missed Ben Sollee in Studio [AVL] check out his interview online tomorrow at Again Ben... 
@user center stage on this 4th album & all the ones following it. I think you speak for all Lovatics on this one Mah. The day she can 
@user Nice! I have the bottom two! Where have you been getting yours? (I paid exorbitant Amazon 3rd party seller costs for Xenoblade) 
There is a Dunkin iced coffee from June 27 in my fridge. I know it's there every time I open the fridge. But I just leave it there. 
got 2nd row tix for Primus at the Kirby Center! 1st concert tour in 3D with Surround Sound! 
Open source misconceptions fading: IT Web: South Africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the wo... #linux 
Evolution of Safety: Is Ambulatory Safety the Missing Link? Next NPSF webcast, Nov 15, earn CEs or CMEs, #ptsafety 
@user Seriously, when people lament they didn't take the 1st possible deal for Hannibal, I tell them go watch Lost in La Mancha. 
On the 5th day of advent we have our double deck for @user Chelsea Flower Show #OBAdventCalendar 
"Awaiting update on Mikel Leshoure's injury. But so far, WR Titus Young is the only one of the Lions top three picks in April still standi..." 
Never mind about Conor McGregor it's wwe Battleground next Sunday night LIVE @user @user 
But ohhhh come December 6th I’m smokin to the whole kush x oj nd Taylor allderdice just like old days 
"REELZ is going to broadcast Miss USA tomorrow, finally someone is brave enough to step up. NBC's liberal ways has got to go!!!" 
That's just the cause of Kendrick Lamar being in the studio  
"Genuine history in British sport. Forget Murray tomorrow, one British rider wins a mountain finish, another takes the Maillot Jaune." 
No mention of the IRA's encomium for @user during @user leadership election?  
South Korea May Be China Telecom's Next Foreign Conquest: China Telecom has entered the South Korean market by e... 
"Yakub's role in '93 March serial  blasts is repeated, but very little is said about those who organized 92 December, 93 January Mumbai riots" 
"when I was 7, the only thing looked forward to was Saturday Nights so I could watch Naruto on Toonami" 
"J.B. Shuck in to pinch hit for Saladino in the 7th. White Sox have runners on 2nd and 3rd, 1 out. They're down 4-3." 
I want it to rain tomorrow and Friday so badly , just take away the heat or make it a day I can come home and watch Netflix and just knock. 
First thing MON needs to do tomorrow is get on the phone to Spurs and insist that Danny Rose is not returning to White Hart Lane #SAFC #FTM 
Book a Florida package with us by 31 October &amp; get a free Disney soft toy 
Is there anywhere in the United States of America that has the book Journals by Kurt Cobain? I mean, c'mon. 
I feel like Kris Bryant has something he's not telling everyone every single time I see him.  
@user are you talking about Briana and Louis? feb is too early. Wasn't he still with el? 
"Los Angeles Galaxy (Official Site) >> GOAL: Juninho gets his 2nd of the night, 7th of the season 
@user @user @user For sequel question is if Imtiaz Ali ready to act as Yakub. He played the same in black friday 
"Brock Lesnar, Wear a cup this Sunday. Gotta protect the family jewels." 
Wkd Wednesday tonight, #ThrowdownThursdays tomorrow night & Swag vs Class Saturday night at St David’s CC all staring yours truely 
Kelly and Michelle may not be but Beyonce? Single Ladies is one of the most ghetto songs I've ever heard lol 
en UAN: see the sun en LWWY: see the sun y ahora todas las directioners see the sun por little things- ori 
@user Paul dunne, 2500/1 on Thursday. You normally do an amateur don't you! Hope you had him?" 
@user whenever you get a moment tomorrow (Friday) please give me a call at 250-562-6701. Profiling the candidates for Prince George. 
"CM Punk Speaks with Rolling Stone On His Outlook, Monday Nitro Volume 3 on DVD and Blu-ray, And... 
This may be true, and it means that Google is not accounting for local culture in driving patterns, a #ux fail 
lol 7th grade boys, don’t tweet about hitting the gym when you’re probably just eating cheetos & jackin it to wizards of waverly place 
Apple's Keynote set to start @ 12pm central time. Stream it here: 
@user one word-DOWNLOAD !!!!! you and your girlfriend, sat watching Rammstein, you know you want to. You can do it 
@user I know it's just your opinion but without Stewart @user may never have won the match and John cena would've made history 
@user is in town. Deutsche Bank golf tomorrow, Newport RI in the evening and Jays vs. Red Sox Monday &amp; Tuesday. Nice Labor Day weekend." 
Jinja Safari have Hiccups, catch them live this Thursday with Opossom and White Arrows on the Blind Date Tour 
"A coyote friend of ours has 6 tickets for the Redskins game on Sunday against the Titans, section 219, rows 10... 
11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims' Think of it: Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No (9/44) 
We've rescheduled Halfway to St Patrick's Day and the band @user for Thurs Sept 27 5-8pm - See you there! #NOLA 
"This Friday evening is brought to you by the strains of Eric Clapton. Well played, ipod. Sucking up to me after playing U2 yesterday" 
"App status changed to """"In Review"""" on a  Sunday? Do they always work 7 days or is it pre-holiday crunch time in Cupertino?" 
See my Sunday Times article on Sam Smith doing Spectre months ago which he blatantly denied! 
"Decided to enter the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on Sun, 10 Mar 2013!" 
Next Upper Room meeting this Wednesday in the Treacy Hall at 7.30pm. All welcome. 
listening to Springsteen's Nebraska album while driving through... well you can guess. @user wishes. playing Lincoln tonight! 6PM 
Who else is going to the @user vs Red Sox game at Fenway Park on Labour Day Monday? 
Aussie Directioners! If you didnt already know there’s a One Direction xfactor special on tv next Thursday! 
@user @user Hey GUYS! With gay marriage legal everyone could be the 4th ex-Mrs Trump if your tits #Yuge 
@user Good morning Killa! Who's your pick for the Georgia - Boise State game this Saturday? 
Ricky Ponting was pulled out of a Sheffield Shield game on Friday with a hamstring injury.: Ricky Ponting was pu... 
Photo: First Friday #maythethirstbewithyou (Taken with Instagram at Rum Runners) 
"S-LINE NEWS Katy Perry, Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift may have dissed Katy Perry in her track, ""Bad Blood,"" but it a... 
I have box seats for the Red Sox vs. Blue Jays game next Monday.. Anybody want them? 
Who wants to take me to the Fairground’s or Williamsport’s fireworks tomorrow! 
"1st episode of Careless World TV from Europe is on Facebook, make sure to give it a """"like"""" - #TeamTyga" 
May 5th is the day of truth for Chris Evans 
i'm gonna do this with zayn's face 
If you want to see a COMPLETELY different version of Big Brother - follow @user to keep up with Celebrity BB UK. Starts Thursday! 
In his first AB since 4/14 David Wright sent a pitch into the 2nd row of the 2nd deck in left. Would love him if he wasn't a Met. 
@user @user Jeb BUSH thinks if he only uses 1st Name we won't think about "Bushes" Negative Name Recognition USE BUSH ALOT lol 
@user  Saudi Arabia &amp; Many other Foreign countries may want to debate ya on that one! Lol 
Thor is cruising and we are hosed...see you all tomorrow at 2-1 
Is Dustin Johnson the best 1st round player of all time? @user 
Dunkin's hard at work prepping the track for Saturday night's @user supply @user #360Nats finale! 
What would happen if Thor just sat his hammer down on top of somebody? 
Iran army monitoring all ships in Gulf: TEHRAN, Oct 28: A senior commander of the Islamic Revolution Guard Corps... 
A good  hold from Murray. 5-3 in 2nd. How is Anderson's head coping with this now? 
Shawn just added a Madrid show at Teatro Monumental on Sept. 12! Tix onsale - Friday 11am local time #ShawnInMadrid 
friday- to jack in the box then party at her house. saturday- go to the park and live up the YOLO life xD. sunday- watch movies c: 
@user @user I'm working the Eric church concert the 30th no way I can make opening morning practice 
"Scott Walker to the poor: You may die or go bankrupt, but you'll always have George Michael! 
"Murray is so flat atm, if Anderson can get inspired at the start of the 2nd he can take control of this match." 
@user she may beat Steffi or Serena's Open Era Record of titles, who knows at this point. 
May or may not have hit someone in the Dunkin drive thru this morning 
Put it like this craigs gf on Friday looked ghetto with her braids but Janet Jackson in poetic justice didn't 
"Everyone: ""Eid is Friday"" Everyone: ""Eid is Saturday"" People from California: ""Eid is 3 hours after whatever you guys decide on""" 
I think I’m gonna head to Ulta tomorrow and see if they carry the Red Carpet Manicure gel polishes in stores. I want black gel polish ASAP 
Senate Dems: Buyer's remorse yet on Iran? 'cause when Reagan signed 1st Treaty with USSR it ended the Cold War (not) 
@user #GTLive theory: how all of Nintendo's characters (and others too) get together in one world and why the 1st thing they do is fight 
my siblings went to the Chris Brown concert tonight I'm already mad I didn't go plus August Alsina showed up.. they lost a sister tonight 
That super awkward moment when Qadianis tell the Muslims about following Islam. May Allah quide them to Islam and protect the Muslims from 
@user @user Yall shld came down for #GHOE n Greensboro NC #NCATSU. Its still going down tomorrow nite. Fuk w us. 
So Naruto comes in the war this next episode then I think. Gonna have to watch this tomorrow doe. 
@user watching the last episode 1st is why I skipped watching Seinfeld for MANY yrs. The 1st few yrs at least of Mad Men were good. 
PlayStation Network Maintenance Monday: If you’re looking to play PSN games this upcoming Monday, you better sign-in... 
Fact Checking the London March Against Monsanto Protesters... via @user 
Emile Heskey causing a Newcastle stir - check out 1st his overhead kick and 2nd the Heskey Cam 
@user we play in the semis on Friday at the Curtis culwell center I don't know what time yet! 
"#MLBFantasy Rusney Castillo provided all five Red Sox runs in Monday's victory over the White Sox, finishing 3-for-4." 
I'm telling you if Bernie Sanders picked Kanye as his running mate right now he would win the election tomorrow BUT NO ONE LISTENS TO ME 
so if anyone wants to bring me donuts or anything on monday id be gucci with it. 
So This is how it’s gonna be #NCAA South 3rd Round Winners UK, Iowa St, Wichita ST, Ind, UNLV, Baylor, Xavier (upset) Duke 
"BBOG group believes that Boko Haram can be defeated by December, but want tangible info from govt -  
That’s it for the week. I’ll talk again later after I my mb and cs class. In other news SimCity is a passalong and venus goes over the sun. 
"Swachh Bharat abhiyan- you can see leaders and officer's photographs holding sweepings, then onwards you may find tem smoking and spitting !" 
"How many radio shows give you Petula Clark, U2, Ultravox and Abba in the same two hours and they're all linked? Wednesday from 6.30pm!" 
Toyota hybrids but keep busy credits-buy up in the past december 1st: vmplplfDr 
Bottom 9th now - Braun up - Perkins in - Ryan Braun triples down the right field line - #Brewers #BrewCrew #MLB @user @user 
I caught up on AHS I'm a have to do scandal and how to get away with murder tomorrow 
Thurs 12/10:  Thor the Elf is moving closer to our kitchen.  Hmmm... #ThortheElf2015 
Don't play! She is the 1st Lady Michelle Obama! 
Sis just told me that Chris Evans (Capt America) was in her summer reading program when she 1st became a librarian. 
@user follow @user and meet her on November 26, outside the bell center at 4:00? 3 
Watching Jurassic Park for the 564th time love my Saturday nights 
is Nov 27 Comedians day? Rahul Gandhi to speak in Parliament. ohh La La ... I am going to watch it . 
omg i bought sam smith tickets way back in feb and forgot all about it until my friend texted me that it's tomorrow 
Better yet, anyone going to Zimmerman on Saturday sober? 
"Friday the 13th afgekeken, nu My Super Psycho Sweet 16 kijken met @user 
@user dont worry! We can stop at dunkin tomorrow and the coffee will wake ya right up shorty! 
Not sure when Harper chat is scheduled to end (may have already), but he's taken 19 questions so far. #cdnpoli #elxn42 
21 yd TD run by Ross gives Terps 29-14 lead. Ross has 111 yes rushing. Likely 146 return yards. David Price shutting O's 2-0 in the 4th 
"Gandhi:There may be violence, but then again the landlords may cooperate Fischer:You are an optimist Gandhi:They might cooperate by fleeing" 
May just start watching john cena vines... 
Man, I am going to change my vote based on Axl Rose’s opinion said no one ever.  Politico: C’MON MAN 
Predictive Analytics with @user #Azure #MachineLearning 2nd ed. Now available. @user 
"Sometimes you have to look at your life and your choices. And yes for the 10th time I will be telling my hairstylist I want ""the Zayn Malik""" 
Erdogan was due to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday afternoon following a formal welcoming ceremony. 
@user @user supreme law that SCOTUS uses to interpret the laws made by congress. Even then, congress may overturn SCOTUS. 
WILDCAT WORKOUT OCTOBER 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! #FVSU RrrrrrTttttt 
"Friday in the food court: Dierks Bentley, Clark Manson, Jason Aldean, Kip Moore, Ira Dean, Christian Kane, Kenny Chesney &amp; Josh Abbott Band" 
Donny will be on Bold and the Beautiful Oct 30th and 31st #bigbrother 
UK: @user SAFE HOUSE is only 99 pence on Kindle today - a steal! Get it or the #audiobook now. (Will not work for US - US pub in Dec) 
The Undertaker showed up on Monday Night RAW with a message for Brock Lesnar. 
"Bradford's Logan Caruso was 2nd in the boys cross country race today in Kane with a time of 18:37, Hunter Yasurek of Kane was 3rd." 
I haven't slept this much since Holi in 2nd year college with the 'Bhaang' episode. Cough syrup #win. 
#TamilNadu Bear with me for the power crisis: Jayalalithaa: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Wednesday asked the... 
Rochester strikes first with a run in the 4th off #PawSox starter Edwin Escobar and it's 1-0 Red Wings over Red Sox going to bottom 4th 
"Boruto:Naruto the movie,comes out October either in Valencia,or San Diego,but in Japanese with English subtitles" 
"Taijuan Walker improved to 9-7 in Sunday's win over the White Sox, though he also surrendered five runs on seven hits over 5 2/3 innings." 
Box Office: 'Pixels' beats 'Ant-Man' on Friday but is it game over for the weekend? 
@user what route are you doing? I am arriving Sept 14 in Milan then starting at Como... #cycletouringitaly 
@user I think the tapes are March/April while Soundwave is Dec 
Wait, I have to wait till Jan. 8 for Pretty Little Liars to come back on? That Halloween special was just a tease...#fml lol 
All the 3 Indian workers (tortured in Saudi) are reaching Trivandrum from Saudi Arabia by Flt FZ 439 at 02.30 hrs on 26 Dec 2015: @user 
"Do you think... George Harrison's song ""Here Comes the Sun"" was actually supposed to be titled ""Here Comes the Son"" and was about Christmas?" 
I'm bout to just listen to nicki minaj all night 
Spending my last night in Indianapolis with my mom and cousin. Headed to Idaho tomorrow! 
@user Watch: even tho that was Nicki responding 2 Miley putting her on blast 1st the media will make it out like Nicki picking a fight. 
Planning on finally getting my Galaxy Note 5 tomorrow or the next day. Stay tuned for details on a Periscope unboxing. It'll be fun, I swear 
@user finally replying! In Brac at the moment, moving onto Hvar wed , den Dubrovnik Fri, and fly home monday!" 
Today's news: Democrats offer Republicans everything they asked for; Republicans demand more. Not hard to understand: R's want a shutdown. 
Meet girl who got stuck in toilet at the Leeds Festival | The Sun |News #teamgrimmy 
Britain is increasingly like the 19th with 'Strictly' and PS4. Caesar had his Bread and Circuses... 
Are you going to Shawn's show on September 8th? Me: (Vine by literally shawn;) 
"RT @user After observing Clemson's linebackers earlier today, it's safe to say that position will undergo a drastic change in th ..." 
"Former BE man gives Gov. Scott Walker a gift - Last week Tuesday, Engesser met up with Republican presidential can... 
@user track down one Gary Ablett and check the go with the lovely Lauren. Don’t fail me lol, I may need to frock up for the Brownlow 
"It still hasn't hit me yet that I'm going to see Demi Lovato on Monday," 
David Price's night may have just ended with his 6th strikeout of the game. 
"Delaware Junction #Festival with Jason Aldean, Florida Georgia Line, and More on August 1... $169.00 #BaltimoreDeals" 
I'm sure it did cuz Ice Cube wrote the script to Friday. 
Rehab update: David Wright flies out to RF again in the 3rd. #Mets 
Tuesday night doubleheader! Come by for the games: Red Sox @ White Sox starts at 7:10 &amp; Cubs @ Giants at 9:15! 
The fact twilight is on the tele has made my Sunday a little bit better 
"#Baltimore #Job 2nd Shift Operations Leader - Baltimore PDC at Toyota (Baltimore, MD): Toyota (NYSE:TM), the w... 
Everybody wanna be Christians on Sundays but what about Monday-Saturday? 
"Who is CNN &amp; the GOP establishment keeping off the stage? Carly Fiorina. 5th in Iowa, 3rd &amp; 5th in NH's recent polls. 
"Yes, the #refugeecrisis is complicated on many levels. But for Christians, this is an article well worth reading. 
Goodnight everyone!!! Talk to you all tomorrow :D I shall leave you with Harry Styles -A 
@user @user As far as I know Rick Perry hasn't tried to illegally bond for a second football stadium while still paying on the 1st 1 
"This is from the Charlie Hebdo attack back in January. Yes it's a beautiful image, but this isn't current. 
standard English) this might be rendered: The reporting of Big Brother's Order for the Day in 'The Times' of December 3rd 1983 is 
The Vamps pay tribute to the member. Read more #VAMPS 
Pics: The KBC episode on Sony on November 4.  a treat for all the Big B and SRK fans. @user #fb 
"- May question.  Well, it is quite simple when looking at recent situations and conversations Naruto had partook a while ago. He was simply-" 
@user Marni, how are you? I feel like its been forever. I had my 1st day back at work today after 9 months off. I'm stuffed. Xxxx" 
#Aggies punter Kaser chopped down hard. Murray gets the ball back after penalty. 1st-and-10 at ASU's 28. 
David de Gea to Real Madrid: Everything you need to know on monday night about Man Ut 
@user @user @user @user Madonna's albums may flop, but she can still gross high from a tour nowadays. 
"Appearing on the cover of the August 19th. issue of Time Magazine, Bob Dole and Jack Kemp are featur 
Germany Can Lead the Immigration Debate - Chancellor Angela Merkel said Tuesday that the migration crisis... 
Listening to the full interview now. Hoping there's some context to the Kane remarks. 
Wait.  So did Apple just give folks another reason to upgrade to Windows 10?   
World Music Festival Rocks City Saturday: The next day, she hit Alameda to poster the In the days leading up to ... 
Tomorrow is the last episode of Naruto shippuden until months of filler start raining down on us :'( 
@user Her political interference last yr may not be on BBC but we all remember what she did. 
"The Undertaker must DEFEAT @user this Sunday! Brock Lesnar has nothing to prove, but The Undertaker on the other hand..DOES!! #wwe" 
Should have the first in a series of videos critiquing protest at a March against Monsanto protest up tonight. 
I think The Stone Roses might be on TFI Friday tonight!! Since Chris Evans said this weeks guest was special and they didn't name them! 
If Oracle bought Sun ten years earlier I doubt Java would be remembered as much more than a short lived contaminant of the web. 
Thor has learned the duck face @ First Avenue &amp; 7th St Entry 
Friday night baseball! Stop by Village Tavern tonight for Phillies @ Red Sox starting at 7:10! 
@user Tomorrow in class, me, you and Ash are going to discuss ideas of what we’d all like to do Saturday :) 
"David Wright's night is done. Played 3rd base for 6 innings, fielded 3 balls and went 1-for-3 with a strikeout. Slowly but surely... #Mets" 
@user also I wasn’t aware that the buffalo had escaped from its paddock and made its way to Tayside. I’ll try to round it up on Sunday. 
Moto G 3rd gen the best budget phone ? 
Sunday Oliseh Arrives Nigeria To Resume Eagles Job-Former Super Eagles captain Sunday Oliseh arriived the Nnamdi A 
Nigerian troops yesterday August 5th arrested one Mai Mustapha alleged to be the fuel supplier to Boko Haram... 
Ice Cube writing the script for Friday in Straight Outta Compton which which are both directed by F. Gary Gray. 
@user Underwood's childhood fight with David Bowie (Jones) may have caused Bowie's distinctive eye discolouration 
"1965 @user fall again to Chicago, as Horlen blanks them on 3 hits. Only 3rd time Twins are blanked, and White Sox now just 5.5 out.  9/5/65" 
Here's some of my @user colleagues with Martin McGuinness.   Some of them represent the ward the IRA blew up 
@user Hi I bought next day delivery for a PS4 game, I may be out but it should fit through the letterbox, will it need a signature?" 
"One name #Illini fans will recognize on tonight's box score for New Zealand is Kirk Penney, who played for Wisconsin from 2000-03." 
"Same Old Love went past ""Hello"" by Adele on the American Pop Radio and is now placed at the 2nd position after ""Sorry"" by Justin Bieber!" 
"Two-time champion @user is down big early, but still has Romo and Dez tonight, as well as two RBs to go." 
"Dustin Johnson knew it was tomorrow he was supposed to choke right, even though it's Sunday." 
@user @user I think you may be underestimating the difference in boxing and mma. Rousey has all the advantage. 
I have an extra ticket for Ed Sheeran at Toyota stadium in Frisco on the 5th of September! Selling for $80. PM me if interested! #edsheeran 
going to bed now...Rose parade then game tomorrow 
Idk exactly who, but me and Blake have like 3 people i think, we need to finish the papers by tomorrow at 3pm 
"Shawn: If I was there would you watch the Steelers game with me Thursday? Me: Yea. Wait, why? Are you coming here? #Please #MissYou" 
3 unforced errors for Andy Murray against 17 forAnderson yet Murray chucks away the 1st set with a careless double fault in the tie break. 
@user only one full day left to look after Pat & Pipa will land @ Bristol 00.55 Thurs morning home by 02.00 hrs 
"Sprint getting Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 with LTE support, on November 11th: The first LTE enabled... <--Full Story" 
This song says everything about a break up ...Rope To Hang by Neil McSweeney: Dir. Sat Johal of Crows Nest Films 
"Carlo Ancelotti: Isco is a very important player. Tomorrow, James Rodriguez will start - he rested Wednesday." 
Zayn may be an asshole but he's cute and nice deep inside 
Like Nathalie Emmanuel is bothered she's not been asked to Hollyoaks 20th anniversary when she's now in Game of Thrones 
That means we’ll know Thursday morning if @user won for her ’Safe and Sound’ duet with @user 
@user haha no but I'm going to Disney world in December 
Went to victory lane at 10 took 1st got home at like just 3:45 fell asleep woke up at 6 fell asleep an jus woke up at 10:34 
"Kyocera launches speakerless phone, uses vibrations to transmit sound to the ear (Computerworld): Share With Fri... 
Anyone want a Jason aldean ticket for this Thursday at Darien lake? Message me 
@user MT ""@ArdenZwelling: The last time the #BlueJays lost by 4+ runs? July 4; 50 games ago. David Price got the win for the Tigers""" 
Today is the 5th Annual KOSA Memorial Ride in memory of Scott Luley. Sign up at Gin Mill between 11&amp; 1 last bike out at 1 last bike in at 5 
We also have more College Football all day Saturday and NFL all day Sunday.  Dawgs vs Ole Miss at 3:30 Sat. 
.@nationalpost So Justin's "solution" is to help the rich so the rest of us may be able to afford to rent, not own, their properties? 
@user @user In terms of the 1st Amendment, is there a difference between Christians and Muslims, John?  Christians and Jews?" 
"I have come here to meet people, I will react to it(National Herald case) tomorrow in the Parliament:Rahul Gandhi in Puducherry @user 
Io9 doesn't even get to hold the new David Bowie music video?!  C'mon Gawker! 
"""""Those costumes are for Purim"""" may be the line of the season. #NEWGIRL #SCHMIDT RULES" 
what if frank ocean drops his tomorrow on the same day as the weeknd 
@user Going rib Elton all day tomorrow.! 
"Lester goes 8 and 2/3 strong, gives up a run in 9th. Kris Bryant hits a walk off to win, Lester doesn't get the W. Heartbreaking for owners!" 
Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 may not come with auto-ejectable S Pen - 
Redskins might make Jake Locker look like Dan Marino this Sunday 
Hanging of Yakub proves that @user may be a hero in reel life but in real life he is best to be ignored #YakubVerdict 
George Osborne is the Master of all he surveys...except the economy                                
@user @user I know,by then my u2 gigs will b over and Il b in post concert depression so the timing is great but I wish it was a sat" 
@user i read Naruto fanfics like crazy around 9th grade lmao thanks, but German &amp; English are the only ones i'm fluent in lol" 
"A girl sat down next to me and asked me what I was listening to and I said ""Nirvana"" and she said ""what's that"".....I almost fell over dead" 
"So Woody has been busy. Rumours he's trying to get two in (Bale and Kane) and two out (De Gea and Evans) by Tuesday. #mufc #motwyw""" 
"Sunday Cinema: Watch ""quiet Beatle"" George Harrison perform in a variety of settings on the anniversary of his death 
"#4: CaseCrown Omni Cover Case (Black Carbon Fiber) for iPad 4th Generation with Retina Display, iPad 3 & iPad 2 ... 
Day 2: Halloween Candy #november #photo #a #day #challenge 
@user they did come out on the saturday, niall was on the segway i cant remember about the others" 
lost my voice at that kenny concert.. how am i suppose to sing at the jason aldean concert tomorrow? 
Foreign commentator award at the #commentawards goes to the late Marie Colvin of the Sunday Times 
YES!+ long kriya followup tomo Oct 28th 7:30am - 9am @ TOK, Koramangala.  Walk in for the weekly servicing of... 
"Trayce Thompson continued tearing the cover off the ball Tuesday, going 3-for-4 with three RBI as the White Sox edged the Red Sox 5-4." 
If Sheamus has a concussion then Randy Orton may be placed in the Cesaro/Owens feud. #RAW 
Whose going to HMV in Leeds tomorrow to meet The Vamps?? #MTVStars The Vamps 
Imaaa make Darrell take me to the movies on the 19th . #TeamSpoiled 
Reminder: Madonna's show originally scheduled for Wed, 9/2 has been rescheduled to 1/20. Original tickets will be honored at the new date. 
'Sneak Attack By Roger' (SABR) causing errors this game for Federer. May be it's Isner's height #USOpen2015 
lmao my last retweet, I was popped from 6th grade to sophomore year, Jr year I was doing something, and Sr year, you couldn’t tell me shit 
@user Niall here. I am in the office tomorrow from 13:00 - 20:30. Please let me know when is a suitable time to call. 
"The toll affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake Tsunami 3.11 2011:Death-15,871 Missing-2,778 Amounts-18,649 as of 10 Oct.(Cont)" 
Re-reading #HarperLee Mockingbird now; soon to discover the new #AtticusFinch Go Set a Watchman and now there's more 
Did you know that 'Prince George' was Trending Topic on Friday 14 for 4 hours in Belfast? #trndnl 
Amanda Knox case: The obsession with what happened that night in Italy #AmandaKnox 
I use to have the biggest crush on twenty two year old Paul McCartney in 6th grade Jesus 
Tomorrow Night Thursday Oct 25!!! FIRST BLOOD TOUR Dubstep & Trap Halloween Party with MAYHEM!!!! Greensboro NC... 
@user @user @user  Night night   Pope GC the 1st 
You already know every senior is rolling up with Dunkin tomorrow 
Just realized that I’m applying to the Education Program tomorrow. Where has the time gone? 
Friday night. Got new red lipstick. I just put it on. I have nowhere to go. Lying in bed listening to Fleetwood Mac, w/ lipstick on. #lonely 
"Was he tired? Will  he going to recant tomorrow? MT @user ""Scott Walker has message for @user I'm not scared"" #Walker16" 
"Trump on Carly Fiorina attacking him: ""I can't say anything 'cause she's a woman.""  (Yes, this is now how I'm spending my Friday night.)" 
#Apple to show the #iPhone6S, updates to the iPad, Apple TV and other products today 
@user   Yeah bro but it's warning shot. You can't go all in on the 1st track. Jay-z made that mistake and Nas FINISHED him. 
@user we have To go to the dr tomorrow and Walgreens first thing. I need stuff for lip!!! 
Bring it On CD signing and performance event w @user tomorrow at 300pm. Barnes and Noble on 86th and Lexington in Manhattsn:-) 
i have no idea what's going on but why IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT LIAM AND ZAYN?! will zayn attend the vmas?! it's liam's birthday tomorrow!!! 
"Will be opening TFI Friday tonight (live @user on 4). on a tandem bike with Chris evans, making motorbike noises on trombone." 
"You must be at Kevi Kay and Gucci's August 29th session,  You snooze you loose" 
# oh hell no oh hell no dude you want to drive Ice Cube do the drive by on me hold on don'tdoI got this coming Wed @user @user you onit 
Daylight savings time is this Sunday November 4th. First Alert wants to remind you to change your... #sweepstakes 
@user you have watch the nba playoffs! Knicks vs Heat on Wednesday! 
Moomba with the boys on a friday night!! First friday since forever! Last moomba before leaving!! Leggoo #bwoy 
Wednesday Reading: @user opens up about being Black and Gay in Hollywood #NoahsArc 
Today I learned that the new Deus Ex game is set in Detroit: 
@user Wow really? I go to Mexico every December to spend the holidays over there.(: 
Remember to RSVP for our FREE Writer’s Workshop next Thursday with Rosanne Bane.  Rosanne is a Creativity Coach &... 
@user Will text you the changes tomorrow who do you want to change Kane will check on Bertrand fitness 
4 Tasty Hoops Matchups tonight 1. San Diego State @ New Mexico 2. Marshall @ West Virginia 3. St. Joe @ Xavier 4. Wichita St @ UNI 
@user you're gonna be watching this game not going to Niall's party ok 
I can grantee you that Niall and Camila are not dating. I mean you don't just ask a girl out randomly at a concert when you sat her once. 
This is my 4th time watching the pll Halloween episode...since Tuesday... #obsessed 
6000K WHITE LASER SPXi Nissan Titan 04-05 893/885 FOG LIGHT: Halogen bulbs which use the latest revolutionary xe... 
"Tune into ABC Sunday, April 22nd 9/8c for """"Firelight"""" a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie with Cuba Gooding Jr. and me as a parole officer." 
Sam and sat in a Dunkin donuts for an hour bc I thought I locked my keys in the car but they were actually in my pocket the whole time :/// 
Dean Ambrose gets the last laugh tonight on #RAW - Results: 
Trying to follow the #AppleEvent without an Apple product. Here's a live blog. 
"RHP Taylor Grover comes in for Salem and retires the Nationals 1, 2, 3 in the 9th to close out the 4-2 Red Sox win and the season is over." 
John cena is going to beat Seth Rollins at summer slam on 23 of August on Sunday 
Last Sunday night for the Haunted Castle and Black Forest is tonight! Come on out! 
"We're getting ready for 1/2 Way to St. Patty's Day!  We'll see you Saturday, starting at 4.  The Unlucky Charms play at 9:30!" 
@user when I would message you it said it too. Idk why! But this weekend I’m dropping it off,  ill try and go to rosedale tomorrow. 
Guess I’m singing ’What Makes You Beautiful’ with @user tomorrow for choir #Leggo 
"From the ARRL - The K7RA Solar Update: A coronal mass ejection (CME) hit the Earth on September 30, triggering a... 
Since yesterday was the 10th anniversary of the worldwide celebration of International Talk Like A Pirate Day.... 
"Look who's here, it's the sell out and the man who broke John Cena's nose this past monday on #RAW, Seth Rollins #WWE #SmackDown" 
[the Sun daily] Obama signs executive order on paid sick leave: WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama signed a... 
@user I know you were big on Bloodbourne. I've never played a Souls game. Gonna stream a blind/ignant run of Dark Souls Sun 3 pm PST. 
dec 21st 2012 will be know not as the end of the world but the Baby Boom! #2012shit 
@user @user true, this is like the 2nd kdrama i watched...was quiet popular in my country too And I wasn't even into kpop at that time" 
@user Come SUPPORT the SHOW/MOVEMENT at Parkdale High School Oct 26th from 8-11 w/ AJA, DREAMTEAM, HQB, DSB & HIB . 
I just booked that Ice Cube said 'bye Felicia' in Friday (which he wrote) and he (his son) says it in Straight Outta Compton... Clever 
Ran into wrestling legend Hulk Hogan at the world famous Patsy's Italian Restaurant in NYC Thursday night! 
Kanye West . I'm just imagining his wife as 1st lady. Kim in the Whitehouse will we know every inch of the Whitehouse thru insta! 
Tom Segal was in flying form at Chester yesterday. Buy the Racing Post to see what his Friday Pricewise picks are. 
@user  Lets have a poll - Was replacing Frank Gifford with Al Michaels on Monday Night Football a good or bad decision? 
At the first Grammy Awards, held on 4 May 1959, Domenico Modugno beat out Frank Sinatra and Peggy Lee for the Record of the Year,with Volare 
Y #FireBoehner? He fully funded Obama's #amnesty for #IllegalAliens back in February after campaigning on the promise to stop amnesty. #tcot 
Tech News Lexus' Fancy Board Really Hovers, but It's Just for Show: Lexus on Tuesday presented the final video... 
"Tomorrow Shawn tickets will sell it, and I'm not going to buy them. Fine :  )." 
@user May I just ask, do you still have your tongue piercing, Briana? #hopeso :) thanks." 
[(VHL) American Hockey League] MON APR 23 2012 10PM: Devils 3 at Americans 4: i dont know if the game stats are ... 
"Do not close your eyes to Boko Haram because they are in the North today, they could be anywhere tomorrow -@RepWilson #BringBackOurGirlsNOW" 
"I really hope the @user are working on a ""Hall of Fame"" style bust for Seth Rollins for Monday. @user #SethRollinsistheCure" 
Who's all going to Jason Aldean the 21st ? 
An oracle casts a spell so that she may see the future shadowed in mystery. #amwriting #amwritingfantasy 
Arch-Zoggie Tony Blair's fudged apology that he may have been responsible for the rise of IS is a carefully calculated manouver on his part 
@user tell that to the little african girls who have to put on a strip show for Kony on their saturday nights #firstworldpains 
Tomorrow he's gonna start upgrading his items and start selling Louis Vuitton belts and Armani jeans and Gucci shoes with all that donation 
Blackstar off David Bowie's upcoming album Blackstar out 8 January 2016. ....What do you think? Buy:p 
Nigeria says it has captured a Boko Haram commander &amp; freed 178 hostages; not clear if they include some Chibok girls 
Good timing. We *need* you there to keep an eye on Erdogan... 
Who will be the new Top Gear presenters to join Chris Evans in ... #ChrisEvans 
"Tom Brady can finally live a little. On Monday, he sat through one last court hearing in Manhattan to decide the fate of his Deflategate" 
Seven Penny Stocks to Watch with Heavy Volume for March 14: IVAN shares have traded as high as $3.15 over the pa... 
George Osborne likes to preach his twisted views in The Sun as he knows that vast majority reading it have no critical thinking capability 
Auzzie is really proud of being the 2nd person to comment on zayn's nipples when that cover came out lol 
In case anyone else wants to read the facts about Caitlyn Jenner's accident.  
"August 17, 2015 Presidential Candidate Carly Fiorina at the Iowa State Fair... 
the boys apart of harry actually talked to us about the hiatus when zayn gave a subtle interview to the sun then left twitter for two weeks 
@user @user @user may the right path guide you my fellow sister, and help u maintain nirvana." 
Watching the 2nd Ghost Rider film is like watching Nicholas Cage go through a drug induced psychosis. 
Tomorrow is 12 October 2012. Five years ago on 12 October 2007 the first Wizards Of Waverly Place episode ever premiered on Disney Channel. 
Wednesday's Classes  9:15 AM - Yoga with Annalisa  6:15 PM - Fit 4 Life with Orson 7:15 PM - Spinning with Arthur... 
November 3rd-Norfolk, VA-NorVa Theatre (NAS ONLY)November 4th-Washington,DC - DAR Constitution Hall......for you concert seekers out there ! 
David de Gea has been told by Manchester United to forget about joining Real Madrid in January [the sun] 
@user @user It says on Wiki that the ep will now air on the 13th, no links at the moment for it. 
With Apple expected to announce details of a new iPhone today, the timing may be right to sell your old smartphone. 
"Julia's asleep on my shoulder, trying to waker her up with the Scott Walker &amp; Sun O))) album with little success." 
JV game tomorrow at the high school at 430 come out and support and watch us beat on shaker 
"Harold Reynolds talking how the 1st pitch from Thor sent a message, sure if you forget the Royals he 6 hits in the first 2 innings" 
"Kris Bryant grounds into a 6-4-3 Double Play headed to the Bottom of the 5th in San Francisco the score remains #Cubs 6, Giants 0" 
@user not with UNLV, but my first game for Team Nevada is November 9th, as long as California doesn’t cancel. 
Saudi board omfs resident eastern province for upcoming year contact Dr. Ahmed jan with suggestion regarding your scientific activities 
Sorry by Justin Bieber has come on and I'm having flashbacks of screaming and stomping along to it with @user last Wednesday 
Did you know that 'Briana' was Trending Topic on Sunday 29 for 4 hours in Worldwide? #trndnl 
Alan Benjamin-n. @user Have you seen these inviting Katy Perry images? You may want to see: 
"Nirvana's 'E-Coli' Demo Leaks Online [LISTEN]: Set to release November 6th through Universal Music, the album ... 
"Backstage Update on Undertaker, May Miss WrestleMania: The unthinkable in the  WWE  may be coming to fruition if... 
"You may not be allowed to speak to Justin Bieber, unless you're spoken to what is this joke  
Watching MTV  Hits! The Wanted Chasing the sun! 
Take that WRAP ToGo this Sunday for the  St. Patrick's Day Parade @user on Howe Street - 11am 
lol do you think SCOTUS just sits there and eats bonbons? They ruled under the 14th AD from an ohio court ruling 
@user @user If God's on the winning side of gay marriage, he may want to update his book and let a few million pastors know." 
"If 'Lonny Breaux pt 2' is Frank Ocean's new album then shit we've all been played, it's been on Spotify since 30th June" 
I think my mom might buy me the box set bc i’ve been bugging her about MSG and i told her i’d give her $30 if she got it before november 14 
Curtis asking me if we wanna go Mexico or Canada over the summer.... WHAT KINDA QUESTION IS THAT C'MON BURRITO CHOLO 
"Since acquiring David Price on July 30, the Blue Jays are 19-4 and have scored 138 runs -- exactly 6 per game. #NESNStatsAndInfo" 
Don't act like Azealia won't jank Nicki in her shit. She may be a skinny but she got them four weights. 
"Time to head to the beach at the river's edge. My Wife is there, and the Fish are there, and the Eagles and Frogs and Sun are all there...." 
yahoo fantasty basketball league. just sign in through facebook for an account. send me emails i need like 20 ppl leggo! draft sundy 4th! 
Home tomorrow. All I want is wedgewood, antones, Quaker, amen, Olive Garden, and Charley’s. 
"If U2 plays in the Lehigh Valley on Saturday, and the Union plays in Chester on Sunday, how many people make both trips? Show of hands:" 
@user @user if Rousey got hit with 9 significant strikes Sat I'm passing.may take Cyborg if enough $$$ comes in on Rousey 
Dustin Johnson somehow just went from 1st to 50th in two rounds. 
"It's a longshot, but if I were a betting man, which I am not, I'd say John Kasich may end up the GOP nominee. It's not going to be Chump." 
Tracy Morgan joins Jimmy in #JKL: Game Night before Game 3 of the NBA Finals on ABC Sunday. 
Snoop Dogg will be performing I'm Syracuse on the 2nd. I don't care about his music, but I wonder if I can get a pic with him if I go 
@user @user @user Keep in mind Mohammed was the 1st Jihadist. Like Chritianity,Islam has been watered down over century" 
So apparently Lady Gaga went to go see Britney's Femme Fatale Tour in Atlantic City tonight! 
I am selling 2 tickets for Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean at Arrowhead on Saturday. Message me if you or someone you know is interested 
"As he won't be taking part in the #USAGP qualifying, Vettel asked: Do you have any suggestions on how I could spend my Saturday in Austin?" 
Anyone willing to stalk Shawn with me? In Houston tomorrow 
@user will not do until you make John Cena win for 16th time 
@user Hi there. On behalf of Ira, may I know if you still experiencing the same concern? Thank you." 
AL 6-2 NL (B9) Ryan Braun the last batter to be used by the NL and he squeezes it up the 1st base line for a triple! Surely not... 
@user @user fuck just take her to the Compton swamp meet and may get lucky and run into Kendrick 
Check out our 2nd episode. We tell you what we thought of Ant-Man and what Netflix shows to binge watch. 
You'll be able to buy 'Marvel's Ant-Man: The Art of the Movie' Slipcase on 4 August 2015. 
"Justin Bieber it as well since we could have gave comfort than as ever, you may be paid; and pained; but two in what could" 
BAL Sun: Tom Brady says he's focused on getting ready for football 
Watched Unofficially Yours for the 1st time... Pede na kaya lang bitin. 
"End of 1st quarter, and Curtis leads Shaw, 7-3. Listen to the rest of the game:  #nolaprep" 
@user I’m actually touring the new addition tomorrow between meetings. They do have WBB tonight & Men’s Hockey tomorrow. 
A solar eclipse is the result of the sun accidentally making eye contact with Chuck Norris 
Can't wait to see all you miserable high schoolers roll thru Dunkin tomorrow I'm just gonna laugh when I see you 
Mark it on your calendar. Jon Huntsman will be talking to Duke Students on the 30th with a live stream! 
@user HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish telecom equipment maker Nokia on Friday said it has agree... #Gadgets 
"Lady Gaga came to Japan again. She is a a real Japanophile, so this is the 3rd visit since the Great East Japan Earthquake." 
I will wait for the weigh in. Rousey changed her body too much and may have too many things on her plate. I'll know my bet after weigh in 
@user , coz we r the true patriots and head on Palm for Islam, may be fools we r , or we can't change our nature." 
Quick question: Has anyone seen or heard of Dustin Johnson recently? He was last seen at the beginning of Friday's second round. #bbcgolf 
"Marseille President Vincent Labrune met with Erik Lamela's agent on Saturday in Milan, also deals with Ocampos 
@user Funny how Joe Biden is in 2nd in your poll, and he's not even running ! #Bernie2016 
@user Rita could you tweet Danica’s video? she’ll be trying to meet Justin on November 2nd in Louisville. 
"Ultimate teammate: David Price,who left the game in the 8th inning, remains on the #BlueJays bench, still cheering and encouraging teammates" 
"Frank Gifford, who helped make Monday Night Football what it is today, dies at age 84. RIP. #FrankGifford #MNF 
I'll do the Luke and Calum dms tomorrow and I might throw in a Liam and Niall one so follow and turn on notifs to be updated :) 
Rick Perry may actually just be outsourcing his campaign staff to Super PACs: 
Dethklok, All That Remains, Machine Head, Black Dahlia Murder, and the Pacquiao vs Marquez fight this December >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
".@politibunny OK, you may have stuck this in my head. So, have to share! Labyrinth - Magic Dance - David Bowie 
Tens of thousands of people marched though Taipei on Saturday to push for the legalisation of same-sex marriage ... 
Very sad news Dr. Wayne Dyer passes away - Ever the Vanguard for Michael Jackson - May God grant him Peace.  
@user Very!  Now I have the rest of today and tomorrow off. I'm about to visit the Book Depository for Lila. 
@user 2nd person didn't respond. Zayn is gone but do u want Calum? 
"I know it's just preseason but do I still get free Dunkin tomorrow, or nahhhh?" 
Also why do you tweet calling out to Rahul Gandhi as your first word always. It's not his fault he got born retard 
Bea's album tonight and then Calibraska tomorrow yall know who's gonna get turnt tf up #notanapology #CalibraksaEP 
"If Seth Rollins may turns a babyface tonight on #SummerSlam , so Randy might defeat Sheamus, then later, he will cash in on Seth Rollins..." 
@user it has been Iron Maiden Friday so far. 
"These five music videos I have posted on my wall tonight (12-4): = Here Comes The Sun, George Harrison, = (The... 
Iron Maiden released their new video on the 14th of august \m/ 
@user @user I wonder how it feels to make every girl in the 8th grade cry...Jordan how does it feel? 
The second nurse who was diagnosed with Ebola after treating Thomas Eric Duncan may have experienced symptoms... 
Today's Apple event can be streamed on a PC only with Microsoft Edge. Interesting. cc @user 
can some1 pls tell me the name of the 1st song Nicki performed 
Monday nights will always miss you. RIP Frank Gifford 
I really hope Brock Lesnar just destroys The Undertaker Sunday 
Barca want midfielder, forward in January 
"Paul Dunne cards final round 78 to go from leading #TheOpen to finishing as 4th best amateur. Still, at least it didn't cost him anything." 
F- (there's none)  A- amnesia  I- Independence Day  T- tomorrow never dies  H- heart ache on the big screen 
Red Cross: Syria conflict is now a civil war: The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Sunday it now considers the confli... 
Yoga with Shannon tomorrow morning 545-630am!!! Get your work out in before your day starts! Please use the door with the ramp! :) 
Which song reminds you of your childhood? - Seasons in the sun cover by nirvana. Disturb...   
Yardbarker: Announcing the November 17 Smashville Express to Knoxville 
@user ima hit u up tomorrow.  Aye i still laugh at that ufc beer pong from u had in the garage at AZ lollll 
@user please please cover #HR1599 on Sunday! I want to see @user take on Monsanto!! 
@user we have to be at mick jagger centre by 3 on Sunday so can u still make it 
I may be an ardent @user fan but I still respect the heck out of Frank Gifford. He was so pivotal to the @user growth. 
@user follow @user , on november 26, find her outside the bell center and meet her. please? <31 
"i almost bought a john cena lunch box on tuesday, idk if i should buy it" 
KO's theFW en route to 5th straight win. Then calls out Dana White in the post fight.  
On Friday night, former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin chatted with current GOP presidential candidate... 
"I liked a @user video U2, Mick Jagger, Fergie - ""Gimmer Shelter"" at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 25th" 
If you built ford tough or built like Ray Lewis on a Sunday in full pads, take yo ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans. 
If Katy Perry don't wan to be my Angel it's OK. My Parents send the 2nd selected one as my Angel... Your Son King Devil 
@user any fancy for tomorrow? Quevega at 6/4 with @user today - cha ching! 
Want in on a free trial of #Fit4Two's Mom &amp; Baby Yoga class at the centre on September 10? Check it out! 
Thought the Hulk would stay in hiding til the 3rd Avengers movie but he's gonna be in Thor's film which is just weird but whatever. 
China renews Google's operating licence: China said Wednesday it had renewed Google's licence to operate in the ... 
RT @user You can watch the movie 'Four Lions' on Channel 4 in the UK next Sunday at 9pm -- see where I get all my jokes from ... 
Clash on Sunday for Lexi - @user Tameside v Oldham at Reddish and @user School netball tournament - she wants to play both!! 
@user reminds me day I was walked btw IBM bldgs in S.Fla Sun for health; hot; I past 2 guys digging a 4x8' cable trench 10' deep 
@user @user  Have you guys seen UK reboot of 'TFi Friday'starring new Top Gear host Chris Evans? Keen to know your thoughts??? 
@user NCP may care Muslims, BJP care high caste Hindus,"" Maha Gathbhandhan ""care for low caste Hindus!Bihar is safe in the hands of these" 
"If you're planning to watch Ant-Man, make sure you stay to watch the 2nd footage after all the credits." 
@user will be attending @user with advanced solutions in Education. London, Jan 30th - Feb 2nd 2013 
@user Hi, the police put me away from rock im park on sunday. Can we talk about the system behind such mega-organization like RIP." 
"Peeing at the justin bieber 5sos 5th harmony beef, truly keeps my young" 
This is the 8th time Erdogan talking to mukhtars 
a bleeding threesome with Lady Gaga and Matt Bomer. It's so simple. C'mon.  
@user Tomorrow I will continue Salkeandote  I'll go to sleep, good night Shawn, I want you to rest." 
Zayn? Jlo? Madonna? Selena? Jlo? If we are talking iconic instagrams...  Kylie,Gigi,Kendal even Bieber make sense 
@user dang that's rough I can only imagine well wishes hope U2 get some peace going back tomorrow man. Can't imagine how you both feel 
@user 2 FA Cup SF’s Carling Cup Final lost on pens he may not have been a true leader but he certainly took us places we ain’t been. 
Remember this? Santorum: Romney, Obama healthcare mandates one and the same #TheRealRomney @user @user 
News Alert : #WestIndies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala. @user #INDvsWI 
@user reasons. That may convince others their real purpose. Now Peping's already there, Eid also. Now it's becoming more political" 
RT @user All Roads LEAD to Santa Fe TONiGHT 1st Saturday Jamaican Independence Day... Disco JR live on the 1s & 2s 
"Tried to make a dinner reservation for my husband's birthday tomorrow, but Amy Schumer's in town and EVERY RESTAURANT is booked. #wifefail." 
@user Thanks for the heads up on the SportChek 50% off Jets promo. Got some gear tonight. 
"FYI:If you haven't gotten your tickets to see Comedian ALI SIDDIQ @ Claytons inbox NOW!SALUTING NOCTURNAL ON 4 YEARS. 8-10PM this Sunday," 
@user @user Is that Messi's twitter name or has the Mexican sun fried your mind? 
"Check out some recently tagged photos of art from the San Diego County Fair (Del Mar Fairgrounds), all thanks to... 
Is there anyone going for AC/DC concert on Nov? 
Getting you into that thursday/almost friday mood......Np: Strawberry Swing - Frank Ocean  #StrictlySoul with @user 
He must of heard frank ocean is doing the same thing  
"Welp, going to need a PS4 by March. 
I know it's only Tuesday but has anyone got a link to the Hulk Hogan sex tape? 
First 24 hours in London got given a free rail card, saw 3 squirrels going to work, may have found a home & there’s big Alan rickman posters 
"Apparently, it's National Ice Cream Day. I didn't get the memo. Sorry. I'll get us some tomorrow." 
Prince George joins the Out campaign. 
"okay so on the trip, wednesday I think, all 6 of us gathered in the youth hostel lounge and watched the first Twilight movie" 
P&G shifts top executives to Singapore: SINGAPORE: US consumer giant Procter and Gamble (P&G) said Friday it wil... 
I just realized that Batman's ideology of murdering may be the reason why I don't smoke 
"Where are you Friday Sept 18th? At the WWE Live Show with champion Seth Rollins, Dean Ambrose, Roman Reigns and more. 
Today is Day 1 of the Festival of India to Bali (from 1- 4 November)! Get your tickets from ARMA... 
"If you don't have your tickets to tomorrow nights Eric Church concert at the Maverik Center then get them now,... 
Finally got to watch Sunday and Wednesday's Big Brother and I'm so sad to know that Clay and Shelli are splitting in the game! 
"Last day for supplementary nominations to Swedish GN and Champion Hurdle, monday June 4th at 12 noon (11.00 GMT) e-mail sport@galoppsport.se" 
Who has a car and is going to Zac Brown Band on Sunday???? 
Our founders never intended for us to have a professional political class - Carly Fiorina @user May you see many new followers. 
"John Cena and Randy Orton brawl outside the ring: Raw, Jan., 20, 2014 via @user 
"To keep up my career self-sabotage, instead of reading I might just sing Scott Walker's weirder songs a cappella tomorrow at @user 
If aliens observed Earth to learn about us, I wish they’d watch the Olympics. Rather than Mardis Gras or the 4th of July... 
Chelsea are set to battle with Real Madrid to sign Cruzeiro's Lucas Silva. Carlo Ancelotti's side want to sign the midfielder in January 
Have you ever sat back and thought why people accepted the name Ice Cube as a reputable rap name? 
For an art project in 7th grade we had to make a sculpture and I made it of John Cena 
Got this group presentation due thursday for my ITT class, and today we just spent teaching this mom in my class how to use google drive smh 
@user you guys may piss me off with the Xbone but the Windows 10 lock screen facts make brighten my day a lot. 
@user Member Monday for Prelim v Crows from 9am-9pm tomorrow through Ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction 
Is it weird that I still remember that Josh Bradley’s birthday is on the 15th? No?ok. 
Want to try see @user in Falmouth on Saturday after Plymouth was ruined by Guy but worried he might be part of the act? 
@user tweeting, beats me to the punch. I’m sure he aims to beat everybody else tomorrow night in NNS race #NASCAR 
"Meal Plans begin on Saturday, August 15th! Hit up Wag, Subway, Dunkin' or one of the Pods to refuel during move-in! 
Tom Wilhelmsen locked down his fifth save of the season with a perfect ninth inning in Friday's 2-0 win over the White Sox. #Mariners #MLB 
"(OFF TOPIC) - there is only 3 episodes on the first disk of #Dexter. Please hurry, @user with the 2nd #fitblog" 
Which would mean Atletico Madrid would drop to 5th. Bilbao will give Real Madrid a game tonight like they gave Barca at Nou Camp. 
@user hi just wondering do you know when the nov 14 issue of mens journal with jimmy fallon on the cover will be available thanks 
Currently scheming with @user . Tech vs. Clemson in Blacksburg October 1st? I think yes. #oolegooo ! be prepared @user It may happen 
A federal judge has ordered a defiant Kentucky clerk to jail on Thursday after she defied the U.S. Supreme Court's gay marriage ruling by 
"he may be a little full of himself at times, but Kanye West is an inspiration" 
@user Yeah would be. Think Kane will retire soon, so that may happen with those two. Still got 8 months till Mania so we'll see." 
Gucci plurality spirit fearlessness january unfurl the bifurcated thine signalizing passageway syndication in ... 
"Park chillen with both Bookers, J Wall and OT. Lawd help me jeeyyzus. Part 2 at Cafe Asia tomorrow w @user and Josh Howard #leggggoo" 
Red Sox hope Kelly's recent success continues into 2016/No doubt this 1st half Skunk has turned it around and hopefully he can maintain it. 
Bernie Sanders leads Hillary Clinton By 7.6 points as of September 5th. Steady and On track to WIN the Democratic... 
It's august 31st. Pumpkin flavor is back at dunkin. And I have already had it. #prematurebutitsok 
"Does this photo mean Sam Smith is singing the theme to Spectre, the next Bond movie? Official word tomorrow. 
Curtis acts like this changes the fact that I'll be sitting at home on the 10th...... 
"I have 2 tickets for Jason Aldean, Cole Swindell, and Tyler Farr on September 3rd. Text me if you want them" 
@user is an official news that Nash and Thorton will play in Davos? Are they going to play on 29th match? Can i buy tickets from italy? 
Even if you’re totally over the whole political process and don’t feel like going out on Super Tuesday, remember... 
"Donald Trump &amp; Kanye West should run for office together. They share that tight-jawed expression. Actually, they may even be the same person" 
SOS where do I find the 4th season of Naruto online? 
@user I am so very sorry for your loss. May God bless you and your family at this difficult time. RIP Frank Gifford," 
FM Preview: West Bromwich Albion v Aston Villa 28 Apr 2012 - FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as... 
VERY SOON Police marching Towards the Crowd  #Ramdev supporters start march towards Ramlila maidan  #likeaboss 
"We see more #Christians than Muslims in the news, May be they are more successful. Interesting 
Settled part of Bali stuff with the friends. Tomorrow some more. Totally forgot about my 8am class -_- 
Jays' Price is money against the Orioles: Griffin: Lefty David Price had an opportunity Saturday against the O... 
@user Hey Mr. Bennett - I just read the blog on Luker. May NC Youth Soccer reprint your article with your permission? M. Moore, DepDir" 
A little country on a Saturday Night with Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney 
"[WP] ""May I present to you the 364th episode of Vahalla's Weekly Wars with our special main event: John Cena v... 
"Gartner: Windows 7 on 94 percent of new PCs: by Steven Mostyn - Aug 10 2011, 07:48 Google may one day seek to sh... 
Was it about Katy Perry? My oldest RTs are all about her. 
"Ok. It doesn't have the ""Not Afraid"" story, but know that pic is from January after the Charlie Hebdo shootings." 
I can neither confirm nor deny I may or may not be singing U2's Beautiful Day while working tonight 
"To be fair, Eid could be on Sept 17/18 next year. Soooo lets just hope it won't land on Sept 11" 
The newly-crowned Miss USA isn't afraid to talk about Donald Trump: Source: - Saturday... 
Jeremy Evans may have just completed the 2012-2013 NBA Play of the Year and its only Preseason. Video to come shortly. RIP Ronny Turiaf. 
Jailbreaking iOS Devices May Not Be The Best Idea: Security vulnerabilities in the iOS can rarely be... #security 
@user @user the point is selective justice ha made ppl sceptical of judiciary. They may genuinely feel Yakub was innocent 
@user I’m from salem mass and I just moved to plymouth so I’m starting on monday 
"Ramcharan Escaped From Fine   October 25, 2012      The Supreme Court warned the Director Gen... 
Dustin Johnson plays an approach on the 2nd hole during the third round of the 144th Open Championship at The Old... 
Multiple reports sate the #Dolphins appear likely to draft Texas A&M QB Ryan Tannehill with the 8th overall pick. #NFLDraft 
@user Just because I made up a 10th or 11th Tails I forgot. If you Watch Naruto then you already..but I'm over it. 
Kris Bryant is like 8th in the NL in RBIs as a rookie &amp; missed what? near a month at start of season to ensure future contract status!?!? 
Did anyone see Rachel Khoo making Oeufs en Cocotte a few weekends ago on Saturday Kitchen? Here’s my take on it:... 
@user mate of mine @user  heading your way Mon night for the U2 gigs. He's looking to paying homage at the Fenian lampost. 
Bentley says state will have a budget Oct. 1st it may not be a budget people want he tell who voted for it 
I know this sounds desperate but can you guys please donate to help @user  see The Vamps on Wednesday? 
@user can I have my dance mix for Flava please? I'm the last class on a Thursday night at Reynella. :-) 
@user @user I know he's lying! But Shawn said Cloud 9 on Thursday if you're both down. 
"Thought For The Day!!! ""My Pain may be the Reasons for Somebody’s Laugh....but My Laugh must NEVER be the Reasons for Somebody’s Pain!""" 
"Live Cricket Score, Ind vs WI 4th ODI: India dominate proceedings in Dharamsala: Dharamsala: In the fourth ODI... 
wanted to go to Dunkin to get donuts but I do not want to see that place until Monday after my 64 hour effing week shit 
Sunday night Twitter: Jake Arrietta just tossed a no-hitter in Hollywood against Kanye West. #bro #NoHitter #VMAs 
@user @user Islam means Submission to the Will of God &amp;Obedience to His law. Now U shud Understand Muhammad was The 1st Islamist 
@user This is like Floyd Mayweather challenging a 3rd grade girl with MS to a fight. #overmatched 
@user Now @user makes it sound like Tate fighting Rousey twice is a news flash! He already announced their 3rd fight Senile? 
Hate to admit it but Arod is good in the booth. Interrupted Harold talking about Thor costumes for the 8th time and provides real insight 
ive just discovered that there are people who dont like david bowie. may god have mercy on our souls. 
"For all of you watching Sharknado, Tucker just hit his 2nd homer of the game and it's the 5th inning! #Tucknado" 
Inter EP #2 80% edited and RTC #10 100% edited for tomorrow! Can now get cracking on some footage for EP #3 when its the Milan derby!! 
(#NinoAcostaH) Hamilton's homer backs Perez's stellar start: Josh Hamilton shattered the offensive silence Sun... 
Live at the Roxy on the 11th of November!!! get your tickets now! 
After your 3rd game with Isco on Fifa 15 
Not so jazzed about the newest selections coming to Netflix. God, I may actually have to leave the house and do things. 
Like wow do u guys not aware that Christians are going to church on Sunday?????? 
Stop asking about Niall lol theres no room for a 5th pic 
"Many ppl have to put religious beliefs aside when it comes to work: Jews, Muslims, 7th Day Adventists etc. Why Kim Davis think she special?" 
I heard the Frank ocean album was supposed to be released tomorrow so I'm staying up these 7 minutes to have my hopes crushed 
This new shirt, with a quote from Dr. Seuss, reminds us that weird we may be, but love is just as weird! 
"Yakub's body to be brought to Mumbai, CM to make statement  Nagpur, Jul 30 (UNI) The body of 1993 Mumbai serial... 
#ladsontour mon the boys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! theres only 1 thing missin #BANJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO how NOOOOOOOOO 
Alkek is down on the field and walks off to get looked at. Red Stars only have one sub left: a goalkeeper. 20th minute. 
From Jan: Heartrending artistic tributes to Charlie Hebdo and the power of the pen 
So November 30th is the date set for the release of ZOE HD on PSN. Were you a fan of the original? 
You listen to too much Kpop when you can guess every Kpop song you know by the 1st sec! #kpopers 
@user I want to see David Cameron and Theresa May on 24 hours in Police Custody or 24 hours in A&amp;E. 
@user FYI: If you want some cool baseball facts, see Neil DeGrasse Tyson, astrophysicist @user  The tweets were posted July 10th" 
"#KatyPerry #Fashion One of the Boys by Katy Perry (Memory Card, Nov-2008, Aaom) #Bestseller #Buy" 
Brook Lopez scored 9 points in the 2nd quarter and was featured by #Nets. Joe Johnson was absent, but should play in 2nd half. #Nets #NBA 
So what are all of you going to do without TVD until April 7th! 
Will you be joining us at the Ritz Carlton, 9am Saturday for pink ribbon day and worldwide breast cancer awareness? 
"White Sox lead the Mariners 4-0 at the end of the 6th. Pitching: SEA R Elias, CHW C Rodon (ESPN) 
The Hustlevania video is going up on WorldStarHipHop on Sunday but u can check it out before that tomorrow  #Halloween #horrorsquad #BayArea 
Only 10 seats remaining for Nov 15 mother/son Bulls game outing!  Click here for tickets:   Don't miss it. 
Guys  Johnny Pesak 1998 def  Ushl futures draft for Green Bay  Playing major midget for the Soo Indians and 3rd in scoring 
vinicius vieira silv. @user Have you seen these enticing Katy Perry images? You may like: 
EVERY FRIDAY join us for Mass at 9AM & 5:30PM + all day ADORATION at St Angela’s #Mattapan Catholic Church @user #Boston bilangual 
The safest place to be in Tottenham tonight is the Spurs trophy cabinet. There's no chance of looters visiting there 
ATLANTA (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday he is still trying to determine whether he has the emotional energy to 
"Get in the Halloween spirit and back Chill 3rd Edition: A Horror Roleplaying Game, via @user 
WWE announced on their Twitter account that Randy Orton would be facing Sheamus this Sunday at the Battleground PPV #WWE2K16 #Raw 
2nd attempt to head Eastbound in a hurry. On my way to @user in Cardiff & I’m going to get there one way or the other 
Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has described the 0-0 draw against Tanzania as satisfactory considering it was... 
"Fox News reveals the 10 Republicans who will take the debate stage Thursday night in Cleveland: John Kasich, who...  #Cleveland #politics" 
Tomorrow: Read about the very special playhouse Prince George will receive #shepherdshut #royals @user 
Reminder for PCA students, smalls groups will be packing up the Operation Christmas Child shoe boxes tomorrow, so bring in your stuff! 
Trump said June 30th that he'd be at Miss USA pageant in Baton Rouge. Organizers say he's not coming. No word yet from his camp on his plans 
@user they’ve been letting Gregg Williams go to the Rams game they MIGHT let Sean Payton go to the game Sunday, and Loomis and Vitt 
Don’t know why I’m just now realizing that FFFFest is tomorrow. Someone (besides @user get on stage and dutty wine with Santigold for me. 
@user I support Johnson, liked he and Huntsman in the primary. Living in the 1st district made my decision easier #mepolitics 
"When Paul Dunne made his 3 wishes, perhaps he should have been more specific than ""#1 Be leading up the 18th on Sunday at The Open"" #bbcgolf" 
Just the 8th game into d season and d so called experts already know Chelsea will go unbeaten and my dear @user will drop from top 4 #afc 
@user As they eventually arrived at the ramen shop, Naruto would march inside and sit down.  ""Ramen time~!""" 
@user it depends which one we wanna go too. may 16th she’ll be in houston may 21st austin may 22 San antonio and may 25th dallas. 
@user Nah man, John Cena's origins are from Krypton. This dude was just signed, in April I believe, he's currently training." 
@user @user Join the club. 1st @user Now you. Looks like Monsanto has every single scientist on payroll 
Yakub's wife leaves for Nagpur. Attempt to meet one last time. Yakub's body will be flown to Mumbai tomorrow where he'll be buried #nagpur 
Muchoforex New Post - Utilities Stocks, Including Kinder Morgan, Making Big Moves on August 17.... Read it now at 
@user why don't you do a 1st interview with Caitlyn Jenner that would give you that feeling that you want to do journalist work 
So who's gonna go to the UAB V. Florida game On September 10th????? 
Vice President Joe Biden on Wednesday was scheduled for a Miami speech on the importance of community colleges,... 
Toyota hybrids only imply credits-tickle the palm to december 1st: ReMbWJoGf 
Tomorrow Venus crosses the sun and there’s lots more going on much closer to North Branford and Northford, too. 
@user @user rah some of your questions. May Allah guide you to real knowledge of Islam, because you come aCross a lacking it" 
We have sympathatics who opposed the death sentence specifically for Yakub because he may have actually... 
"Reminder: This Thursday, Sept 10, will be running on a Monday schedule! There will be no club hours or Yoga in the Game Room. #baruchcollege" 
No wonder @user coming here the 21st of Nov cause he got Soul Train the 25th 
"#Personally I watch #ExtraTime on SS4 with @user Mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire SA<lol> RT"""" @user 
@user 1st one = Thunder Cats, The skull with fire = Ghost Rider and I think the one below the skull is Captain Planet :) 
replace austin with sam smith and replace 5h with someone else  
Did you know that 'Israel' was Trending Topic on Friday 25 for 10 hours in Pakistan? #trndnl 
"Our last saturday night, Thor the movie, tonite ironing 2 basket pakaian.. hadooohhh...maid maid maid.... 
"What are you doing this Friday? Why not come along to our Yoga, Food and Movie night... #yoga 
Please join LPG and Good Start Genetics for a legal town hall cocktail reception Monday @ 7 pm at the Marriott Marquis Mission Hills Room. 
Obama's DOJ record on protecting voting rights has been just abysmal: was timid on Sec. 5, few Sec. 2 lawsuits, now no 14th amendment claims 
Tuesday's Two Minute Drill: Smith Center is red hot heading into the playoffs 
#Tech Apple announces major update to the Apple Watch for September 16th 
"Kanye west said all these things I've been saying ""as long you dont do shit for yourself they will use you, theirs 1st""" 
Sharknado 4 April must live. she just had a baby. 
"Blocks From Charlie Hebdo, Area Known for Bonhomie Is Shaken Again: The 11th Arrondissement, the multicultural... 
@user @user watch out for George Osborne and Theresa May in the next episodes. 
@user Ok Mr King see me about the Bills (or the Eagles for that matter) come the First weekend in February. #bills #eagles #nfl 
If OSU runs something like that little pop pass they did in the Sugar Bowl a couple years ago, they probably score on this 4th down. 
Will Big Brother be preempted/moved to accommodate the Cowboys game on Thursday 8/13? 
3 college reps on Wednesday the 26th.  Otterbein, West Liberty, and Akron.  Sign up by 8 AM if interested. 
"This day in rock history: September 9th, 1965 Bob Dylan's Like a Rolling Stone reaches #2" 
Veteran day program for DDA on the 12th let us not forget the men of POW*MIA and I want to thank all the soldiers for their service. 
others. tom robinson of BBC 6 Music told me in July I have to get back to engaging with people. 
"By Joseph Ax and Steve Ginsburg NEW YORK, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Tom Brady triumphed over the National Football League on Thursday when a" 
"Charlie Rose with Chuck Close; Robert Rauschenberg (February 27, 1998): First, a conversation with artist Chuck ... 
"Heading to Split and Hvar today, then tomorrow in Hvar and the following day on Pag Island" 
@user @user @user if we get pace into the side and support Kane more then things may turn out ok 
"Murray wins 3rd set tie break to get back into the game, Anderson leads 2 set to 1 #GB #SA #USOpen" 
"Eragon may be teen fiction, but since Twilight such a category just hasn't been the same. Eragon deserves a higher place." 
"Dana White says if Ronda wants an immediate rematch, she'll get it. Other commitments may take precedence." 
...and Jeb Bush is third in the polls and losing donors. Be fair and balance...@karlrove @user 
"To my students, we won't have class tomorrow. Please listen to led zeppelin, acdc, nirvana, foo fighters and of course the beatles. Thanks." 
"Tennis US open: Nishikori loses in the 1st round,Dimitrov in the 2nd,Nadal in the 3rd,Murray in the 4th.Who will exit in QF?Let us wait &amp;see" 
"Caitlyn Jenner on #theneeds, check it out! 
@user -Hashtags can express humor, excitement- ex: ""Just found out my mom is my teacher. #awkward"" or ""It's Monday! #excited "" 
Timeout #MTVB as Arkansas State has come back to take a 20-19 lead in the 4th set. Red Wolves lead match 2-1 
What do you listen to when you hit the gym? For me it's usually old loud rock: KISS, AC/DC, Led Zeppelin.  
Police to recommend Caitlyn Jenner face manslaughter charges for car crash. It's about bloody time.  
The Daily Zap - All the action from Wednesday’s six pack can be found right here in the Daily Zap. 
Find out if i can pick up the gucci foams are couple of days early tomorrow 
Briana and Matt taking some time out for a quick cuddle in Fitzroy on Saturday. These streets are not only the... 
@user oh, I like some Jovi. Just nothing since 'These Days' or the Sept. 11th benefit. Blaze of Glory is my jam." 
So I may or may not be able to afford SNSD's new Japanese album. >_< Not that Deluxe version anyway. Maybe I'll get the normal one. 
The 2012 Wine & Roses fundraiser is tonight Saturday, Oct 27th! The Pinery at Black Forest will be the setting of... 
"just finished ""Paper Towns"", and I have to say,the first part of the book was great, but it started to get boring in the 2nd &amp; the 3rd part" 
Arsenal fans should get behind @user early on Saturday for his confidence, otherwise the team will be lethargic and negative. 
David De Gea presentation was billed for 1pm tomorrow..if Real Madrid doesn't announce the deal before noon..then the deal is off. Shikena!! 
You never know when it's your time to return to Allah swt! There may not be a tomorrow! Don't hold off on entering the fold of Islam! 
"The 2nd episode also features an interview w/ Tom Dakers of @user who joined the podcast to discuss the David Price &amp; Tulo trades" 
ICYMI: Several big-time LSU recruits highlight the expected visitor list for Saturday's game against Kentucky (FREE) 
IHOP on Friday is the only thing getting me through the week. 
Dark Souls Spooky Scary Halloween Party In Chasm of the Abyss Tomorrow! [all platforms] 
"George Harrison, Louis Armstrong and Bob Marley on the way before 8 this morning - how's your Wednesday going? #SmoothBreakfast" 
"Manny Pacquiao's fight with Floyd Mayweather may have been a dud, but his next opponent is shaping up to be an... 
#NowWatching Infinite’s Weekly Idol with Eng Sub! <<< It’s their 3rd time going to Weekly Idol! :DD 
@user @user have you called people yet for Bruno Mars next Friday!? 
@user Or do you want to wait for tomorrow so Vanessa can hang too? 
@user @user releasing one with Kendrick in Feb 
There may be a tax credit for you if you are contributing to an IRA: 
Rummel takes a timeout with Curtis facing a 4th and 5 with 6:13 left in the game. 
"#5: CaseCrown Bold Standby Case (Black) for iPad 4th Generation with Retina Display, iPad 3 & iPad 2 (Built-in m... 
How will adding Tijani Babaginda to the Backroom Squad Improve Sunday Oliseh's Super Eagles - 
"excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds, watching netflix, and chillin in the woman cave #legit #crazy #woah" 
Under 24hrs till the @user Album is out! Get urs on CD or MP3 Download at Shipping Aug 01 #miaklose #rock #london 
@user please back Ted Cruz and Donald trump protest at White House on Wednesday however possible they can't stop it alone we have help them 
I ask off Tuesday's and Thursday's from work so I have a whole day to do homework. All I've done is eaten junk and watched Game of Thrones. 
@user *Faces pam ,Grabs Stuff * I'm stay the night with Shawn cya tomorrow !" 
The Summer Jam at Watkins Glen was scheduled for Saturday, July 28th 1973.   The Grateful Dead, The Band, the... 
RW @user US: Sen John McCain called Monday for US to begin another war with airstrikes on Syria - Breaking News Buzz 
"Tomorrow is August 8th . Frank Ocean , let me down if you want to .." 
@user I'm not going to own something that's not true. Some Muslims may be criminals but that doesn't mean Islam is evil. 
@user do you think they'll be an improved bid for Bentley at southend tomorrow? Massive pause when you asked him the question !?! 
"Frank Gifford, legendary Monday Night Football sportscaster, has died at the age of 84. 
But if Mr Corbyn does win, he may well be haunted by a sense that he didn't really want the job in the first place.  Laura Kuenssberg, BBC 
@user what do you expect Thursday? Are you going to pull out that Mikey Magic on Duels day again? #hopeso 
Mohammad Hirzallah (24) from Rafah (Gaza Strip) died Thursday from injuries sustained in an Israeli air strike a day earlier 
1st u knew dat there wud b a lot of ppl chasing after harry so y'd u bring ur ipad w/ u U couldve just used ur phone 
@user when we make that restaurant the picture of the ruby yacht beating Kendrick shall hang on the with our 1st dollar 
I am going home tonight and sleeping until about 5:30 pm tomorrow, just in time to get to Durham for the Duke game. 
@user but that's JLO look how Aka did...anyway I'm sure Selena has more than 14k fans who would buy it plus black friday 
i'm just gonna have to find a video/audio of zayn's performance tomorrow 
(Utica OD) Snoop Dogg cancels Wednesday show at State Fair: Rapper Snoop Dogg's concert at the NYS Fair schedu... 
George Osborne (born GIDEON Oliver Osborne; 23 May 1971) is a British politician and member of the Conservative Party 
Burger & Blonde Friday today @user Crows Nest $2.00 Pure Blonde with any burger purchase! 
If Pearce or Bellusci get booked Friday then they will miss Leeds next game. Looks like it's then down to Wootton #lufc #mot 
"guys Vevo may not be updating, Bad Blood took 3 months to get 3M likes, we could've broken the record. keep refreshing #DragMeDownMusicVideo" 
Xherdan Shaqiri may replace Frank Ribery in the starting lineup vs Bayer Leverkusen tomorrow. 
#gotohell tour starts tomorrow! Show starts at 615 at the side bar in Tallahassee. Go Radio, Paradise Fears, Stages, and Solid Gold Thunder! 
"Its just the 3rd week for god's sake professors need to chill, just because Eid is coming doesn't mean everything has to be done before Eid" 
Anyone want to go to Sam Smith October 6th??? 
"On this date,12 August 1989,ace Super Eagles midfielder,Samuel Okwaraji collapsed and died on the pitch of the National Stadium,Lagos." 
It took justin 6 years into his career to get his first #1 and it took Gaga 2 months into her career to get her 1st. 
John Cena Vs Seth Rollins RAW July 27th 2015 Cena Won by making the fake Champ T by @user - via @user 
@user How many roles he may play but everything boils down to his religion Any single Muslim from Bollywood support Yakub's hanging? 
Kianta got the 2nd Golden Globe award for being the dumbest/most to serious boy tonight....First place goes to the guy who jumped on the car 
Who is going to the #UnitedSoundsOfAfrica concert tomorrow at Irving Plaza NYC? cc @user 
Netanyahu, will be in London to meet David Cameron on 9 September Join the protest outside Downing Street to oppose his visit. 11am to 1pm 
Catch Supersport United vs Bidvest Wits at the Lucas Moripe Stadium at 15H30 on Saturday LIVE on SS4 #SSFootball 
@user I think I'm gonna go with Brown I hate going with players on Thursday even though I'm going with Vincent Jackson 
How long does it take for videos to be posted on May have to watch tomorrow's Arsenal on it. 
#Texans: Top supplemental draft prospect Josh Gordon conducted an individual Pro Day workout with the Texans on Tuesday 
LIVE: Biden speaks at PA Labor Day parade: Following his speech, Vice President Joe Biden will march with AFL-... 
The prince is announcing something with Oceans North Canada & QIA on Thursday. He will also meet the Premier, Iqaluit’s mayor etc. #cbcnorth 
@user is there any word on patch &amp; DLC file sizes for PS4? Have 10GB left of data allowance til the 12th (rural internet boo). 
Haggins flipped by Hoya linebacker, but he gets the 1st down!  1st and goal at the 5! 
Today is National Bratwurst Day. Also another Recall Election day in Wisconsin. GET OUT THE BRAT! I mean VOTE! #WI #holiday #vote 
Ball flying at Wrigley Field tonight. Kris Bryant and Dexter Fowler have both homered in the 3rd inning 
Wait to yall see the Jeremy Evans from the Utah Jazz highlight on Sportscenter tomorrow!! 
@user did you want a lift tomorrow pal to Chesters? 
@user shhh, cant talk bad about Islam...they may fly a plane into a building....let them do what they want #LibLogic" 
Book your private jet flight to Vegas to see Floyd Mayweather v Andre Berto on September 12th at the MGM Grand... 
RT @user @user Come party with us & Young Dro Next Sunday August 7th Black Lion Atl 253 Auburn Ave. Free vodka shot menti ... 
Just started watching this Murray match 3rd set 3-4 and all jmac is talking about is Rafa/ fog WTF!!! 
Anyone want to buy a Jason Aldean ticket for tomorrow night? I have two. 
What are the chances of Ant-Man still being in theatres on August 20th when I get to Halifax? 
Look out for my Sharknado interview with @user and @user on @user tomorrow after 4pm UK time 8am US time #Fintastic 
I miss Sunday nights with @user  and Mob Wives. #VH1 #TV #BestPrimetimeLineup 
"I'm going to @user at US Bank Arena in Cincinnati, OH - Oct 9 
"#PetitionPolitics The blasts may've been planned by Tiger, but it needed impeccable execution, and Yakub did a great job here, reports say.." 
"You may not be allowed to speak to Justin Bieber ""no refund"" I'd rather buy 2,000 things from the 99 cents store 
"Remember when u called plies a monkey? ""Or when u agreed Kendrick was the 2nd best rapper in the game but everyone else was the first?""" 
TOMORROW come see ALL IN! at LA’s Comedy Central space. It’s FREE but you need a reservation- call 323-960-5519 
Question of the day: Can anything beat Quevega in Thursday's World Series Hurdle?  Have your say 
"May I just say Ice Cube tell yo fine son I said "" HAYYY "" lmaoooo" 
The Newer New iPad AKA the iPad 4th Generation With Retina Display #Apple #New 
George Osborne has been a believer in the living wage for two years - argues @user 
Star Wars Weekends wraps up tomorrow. Here's the weekend's event guide. Anyone going? 
@user Please tell me you're going in Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday. 
"Javier Tebas: ""I had a conversation with Real Madrid, they rang me on Monday night."" 
Want to see the most SAP Hana certified storage solutions - Visit IBM at SAPPHIRE NOW. May 5 - 7 in Booth 100: 
You can watch Apple's own stream of today's event, or you can read me making fun of it. YOU MUST CHOOSE 
"Condole the passing of Lee Soo Man's wife from cancer, on the 30th of september 2014" 
Shit I see Ed Sheeran next Saturday and Niall's birthday is the day after I'm about to be so fucked up 
Follow the top Iran stories for Dec 20 on our topical page: 
"Now I gotta cut loose, footloose, kick off the Sunday shoes. Please, Louise, pull me off of my knees." - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
My friend and brother today with Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh after the Wembley win..Oliseh was a guest 
RT @user my algebra teacher saw all my Gaga stuff today and we were talking about Jo at the VMA's and he said for now on her ... 
Yoga and homework and cooking and cleaning tomorrow means scandal all night tonight okay. 
An emotional &amp; well-produced video about Monsanto does not mean that it is factually accurate 
just sat here thinking about liam and louis changing their world the whole world 
Miles Presser Tidbits: Les Miles met with the media Wednesday evening to give the latest pr... 
"The winner of the #PGAChampionship  will come from Thursday's 9:05 tee time (Jason Day, Dustin Johnson &amp; Rickie Fowler)   #Prediction #Golf" 
I'm so upset that Shawn is going to be 5 hours from me tomorrow and I can't go because it's a school night 
Does anyone have tickets to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow that they're willing to sell 
"#MeTVCHiPs: Tonight's episode, ANYTHING BUT THE TRUTH is the 2nd episode aired to feature Caitlyn Jenner as a fill in for Erik Estrada." 
I want Song JoongKi for the 1st drama star ! Bigbang for the trendy music / The Koxx for the band music / GD for the style / 
Fastball, Wild Seeds set to take the stage for GrulkeFest: A Celebration of Brent at ACL Live via @user 
"Final VW data due July 31, seen neck-and-neck with Toyota" 
Dark Souls 2: Scholar of the First Sin (Sony Playstation 3)  - NEW- SEALED:  $16.95End Date: Saturday Nov-7-20... 
"David Wright went 0-for-4 with an RBI Saturday for Class A Advanced St. Lucie, in what Mets officials have... 
Anybody want to see Ant-man tomorrow? 
"NWA tells you where Ice Cube got ""Bye Felicia"" from lmao he just used it in another way in Friday" 
Cate Blanchett expertly shuts down journalists who ask her if she's gay after starring in Carol  20 November 2015... 
Check me out on Dancing with the Stars Monday nights at 8pm on ABC. See my new Music Video: 
@user @user In occult code Thor, the representant of Thursday's Thunder means Hort: the outside lying horse. ~  eVa, hors d' oeuvre" 
@user @user #FSDGiveaway Wiley, Post Malone, and Ice Cube back to back to back may be the most lit thing I've ever heard of" 
"Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in biopic..this is going to be his 2nd film where he says """"Say hello to my little friend"""" -@sethmeyers21" 
"A special bench may be constituted to hear Yakub's fresh plea overnight, reports @user from outside the Chief Justice's residence." 
@user wellllll friday imma be with AJ. Sat imma be with my girls to shop, get nails done && eyebrows. You coming? 
"Japan and Korea did it in 70 years. India and Pakistan can do it too. And so can eventually, Palestine and Israel. May just take longer." 
Had a dream Frank Ocean dropped a dope ass 8 minute free style then answered his album was dropping November 1st. Hope it aint that far. 
Hungry Russians may buy more US food with WTO forcing tariff rollback.  Details at:  No longer poking fingers at us. 
"So I decided to make some predictions. Roma win Serie A, Juve 2nd and the two Milan clubs battle for the last CL spot. It goes to Inter." 
"I told my homie if I was a Naruto character I'd be the 1st Hokage, he replied 'Well now I'm Madara'." 
So Shawn the real question here is did u quit or were u fired from bath and body works? The world may never know @user 
Would take Pato all day long as a 3rd striker behind Berahino and Kane for a bench or cup player. 
LOL at Mar doing the Angela Merkel hand rest gesture. #SONA  #SONA2015 
Love is just a history that they may prove #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"Just got the ICS update from Sony on my Sola (apparently it was released on the 17th, but update centre never told me, so I only knew..." 
Member Monday for Prelim v Crows from 9am-9pm today through Ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction. #ALWAYS 
#RT Scott Walker Isn't Thrilling The Home-State Crowd: Gov. Scott Walker may lead the R... 
@user That's good. Better than nothing. Thanks @user for giving the Planned Parenthood protests some coverage on Saturday. 
Casually drops this in memory of Zayn since the 1st MV w/o him dropped yesterday #DragMeDownMusicVideo 
so apparently my brother has the same birthday as Chuck Norris 10 of march. LOL 
Abbey Dawn New York Fashion Week Show 2012 - 10 September 2012 ~ avril's waving at you! <3 
I'm pretty sure Serena ripped that match winning ace the same time USMNT game up their 3rd. 
Details of matches we're showing live for the Rugby World Cup coming later today. 
The Warriors are also ranked 4th in the East Region. The top SIX teams in the region qualify for the NCAA Tournament... #GoWarriors 
wait if it's 2:44am here in England that means CALIBRASKA IS OUT TOMORROW ASDFKSJHABAISHEBS 
"Managed to snag a RIH test press along with the new 7"""". Woop. Come see them in Margate this Sunday" 
"Free Yoga in the Park - Date: September 6, 2015 Yoga classes are free and designed for all experience levels. Part... 
"Lol. You can still watch, Nicki asked Miley what's good and called her a bitch (most interesting part of the show) 
Victor did you see this? Dallas Seavey 
George Osborne starts nailing down EU reforms with talks in Paris. David Cameron wants to conclude negotiations by December. 
How many of the events in Straight Outta Compton movie actually took place? Ice Cube separates fact from fiction 
Evgeni Malkin scores to make it 1-1 Legwand looks hurt. That may have been goal of the year. SEvRdW7a 
@user @user Kanye West may just be an improvement over the @user we have right now. 
I'm about to try and convince my mom to let me go to the ed Sheeran concert tomorrow pls hope it works 
@user think it’s in Comedy Central this Friday, I downloaded it and its also on Virgin On Demand TV XL 
Anyone else going to the Big Brother stuff at central tomorrow 
@user yer some Argentinian kid from Barca is flying in tomorrow, apparently Traore has told him it's good at villa. 
DHS College Connection Night - Monday, 10/22 - 6:00, All Purpose Room! Learn about FAFSA, Grants, Work Study and Loan Programs. 
"I may, however, decide to tweet about Big Brother using a different account. Depends, really." 
"Frank Ocean: October 28 Me: Oh shit! Is that when the album drops? Frank: No, that's my birthday.... Me: Fuck that, when the album dropping?" 
In #Dallas tomorrow night? See @user Petronio Co @ Winspear Opera House.Read interview re dancing with Trisha Brown.http://t.co/nErWSikS 
David Wright went 2-for-5 with two singles and a run scored in Friday's 10-inning loss to the Red Sox 
You'd think with as successful a franchise as Sharknado they could splurge a little on the crappy cgi for this 3rd installment. 
Tomorrow night Roger Sanchez at Cielo get on the guest list here;   VIP RSVP... 
Tomorrow im doing a poll at 5pm-Which series of Dancing on ice is ur fave The celeb+pro that won the series will get a shoutout 
@user If you're still here, check out Sam's No. 3 on 15th and Curtis. Or, head down towards Union Station (it's north but downhill)" 
Lakers gonna beat the Clippers tomorrow tho ! 
"Hello world n' welcome to monday nite raw,  startin things off the apex predator himself... randy orton. #RAW" 
"You want to see wrestling in Binghamton NY, then get your tickets for this Saturday as 2CW returns to the American Legion Post 80. #Iam2CW" 
"RT @user Leaving now for the long drive to Detroit, had about 3 hours of sleep after Chicago last night, but wide awake! See some o ..." 
"#msnbc What does this tell us? ""Big Brother holds its broadcast lead on Thursday night, but scripted fare falters against the #GOPDebate""" 
"RT @user CBS says commentator Andy Rooney will make his final weekly """"60 Minutes"""" appearance on this Sunday's edition: ..." 
2014 FHD goes platinum then a mixtape with Kendrick and now another album and still no #grammy  
@user I mean the Heat still made it to the championship there 1st year.... 
Why not join us for Breakfast this morning at 9am for the opening game of the 2011 Rugby World Cup as Host nation New Zealand play Tonga 
"Freaked out this morning cause I thought it was Friday. Eomma asked me if I missed something. Naruto, mum. I thought I missed this weeks ep." 
I just used #Shazam to discover Tomorrow by The Winans. 
@user haha if it gets to serious you may wanna call the original ghost hunter... Bill Murray #ghostbusters 
I see the BBC's "try of the week" was scored by Wigan v catalonia dragons last Saturday at the den. ....#theatreofdreams 
The Fall Career Fair is this Wednesday 10/10 in the Murphy Center from 10am-2pm. Free to all MTSU students and... 
@user Floyd Mayweather is going to buy a NFL franchise and may hire her as general manager 
"Okay, I've just found an undead enemy in Dark Souls just sat there, on the edge of a cliff, minding his own business. That's deep." 
"Also this: Multiple sources told me the Red Sox did confiscate signs in support of Orsillo at Fenway last Monday, despite denial from Sox." 
That would be Greystones Co Wicklow's Paul Dunne tied for the lead at the #open championship class from @user  
Remember when Scott Walker said he wouldn't attack his fellow Republicans? Good times. 
Frank Gifford past away 08/09/15. Helping to light up the camaraderie on Monday nights was only a part of what he'll be remembered (next 
"Like, is he going to be making David Price 2nd and 3rd arb year money?" 
@user --and would prefer unification (again, may just be my family) but none of them seem to support the IRA's tactics." 
"David Price shut down the Angels for eight innings on Friday night, holding them to two runs on six hits and... 
"AP Top Stories December 15 A: Here's the latest for Tuesday, December 15th: Saudi Arabia forms coun... #USA #News" 
so evelyn is giving me until saturday to tell my parents or else she’ll tell them. ugh. i just haaad to tell her.. 
The Rousey Era is over. ROUSEY VS. HOLM January 2nd. @user is just that much better. #UFC 
"Beth Tweddle, Greg Rutherford and Luke Campbell flick the Blackpool Illuminations switch on 31 Aug - music too! It's not all in London!" 
A feud with John Cena may be enough to make me interested in Seth Rollins again. There has to be some irony in there. 
@user nirvana, any time someone says the season winter out loud, the ""may I offer you an egg in this trying time"" quote, dead girl wal" 
Bye Clemson going back to Greenville, be back on Monday morning or Sunday Night. No Game for the Weekend. 
Throwback Tuesday: Venus vs. Serena, 2015 Wimbledon: The last time the Williams sisters played each other was ... 
#News: Ready for Kanye? Group files paperwork: Kanye West announced Sunday that he's running ... via @user 
"As the 4th largest military in the world, Saudi Arabia needs to step up Big Time to dissolve ISIS #GOPDebate #LA06 
@user getting there slowly mate! Have you seen there are riots in London tonight? I only just noticed myself and i am not even drunk 
"International Crisis Group (ICG),  Iran After the Nuclear Deal , 15 December 2015.   
@user i dont know if you listen to WGTS, but they have an evening program as well on Sat nights" 
"""""@phillehh: Playing Todd Bertuzzi in a golf match on Sunday #RidgemountCup"""" get in his head, """"uh what do you do for a living?""""" 
@user John Carter XD y mira que me cae bien Taylor Kitsch desde ke vi Friday Night Lights,al final he visto series,Strike Back y Fringe." 
@user What did you say number 235? You may be becoming a liability and eventually a statistic. Do not taunt ""Happy Big Brother!""" 
Boy, did Michelle Obama look miserable dehelicoptering in Martha's Vineyard. What's the 1st missus got to gripe about? Not feelin' the love? 
@user Everything ok Curtis? That's the 5th time you followed and unfollowed me....one more time and ...... 
PAC 12 Play of the Week in CFB on Thursday night at 66% Winners last 33 CFB Plays! 
Tom Rinaldi didn't want to end his interview with Paul Dunne until Dunne was properly intimidated by tomorrow. Way to drive it home Tom. 
Randy Orton and Sheamus wrestling for the 12th time in 3 years. Hopefully make it a 12th mediocre match in a row. 
You may want to plant Bachelor's Buttons.  
"Big Brother Gossip: Big Brother Season 17, Episode 24 Recap: The Sunday after the double eviction episod... #bb17" 
"VH1’s ""Mob Wives"" Celebrate the 20th Anniversary of the @user Clothing Line in New York City - @user 
@user I would find out tomorrow morning. so you should have a back up plan just in Cahsee's 
New Post: Kanye West's 'Late Registration' Infographic of Samples On the Album's 10th Anniversary... 
@user you out again on Thursday for #aNightmareOnGeorgeStreet at Chalmers?? #round2 
Team Venus or Team Serena? On this night, it's Team Williams: Tuesday evening, home-country fa... #tennis #USOpen 
"David Wright, the guy with the nice forearms is starting at 3rd tonight #TellYourFriends 
"By Martyn Herman ST ANDREWS, Scotland, July 18 (Reuters) - More than 24 hours after Dustin Johnson began his second round at the" 
Bryce Harper triples home Solano with the tying run in the 10th off Tim Byrdak.  4-4 #Mats and #Nats. 
@user it was always a good thing but seems to scare off 3rd party devs, so Nintendo need to take the risks themselves but don't &gt; 
I need food, a pain pill, a glass of wine, a comfortable bed, and zero noise. In that order..And this day repeats tomorrow and Sat. 
My mom call and say that a teacher called and said that I’m going to Ritz Carlton tomorrow for some tennis shit. Anyone else going? (school) 
@user which men's match do you think they will play on the Wednesday night slot?  Federer, Djokovic, or Murray!?" 
"Heather Mills has 'nothing nice to say' about ex Paul McCartney: Marilyn MalaraLONDON, July 20... #teamfollowback" 
Since everybody telling me I can’t be a urban model+walk the run ways in Paris! Then imma be the 1st to do it and prove em wrong 
"Wow David Price, 1st and 2nd, no out. Lets just strike out the next 3!! #unreal #GoJaysGo" 
White Sox fan finds a sneaky way to stick it to the Cubs - Chicago Sun-Times 
Sore left knee keeping Hamilton out: Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton was not in the lineup in Tuesday's 3-2 l... 
Start of the 3rd and Murray continues to race through his service games. Bellucci not looking as dangerous as he was in the 1st set #USOpen 
FoxBusiness: Barclays Profit Driven by Investment Banking: Barclays PLC (BCS) Wednesday continued to reap the re... 
#Brewers Ryan Braun records his 10th career game with at least 5 RBI 
The media filing center at the University of Denver empty now will be bustling tomorrow.  #utpol #denverdebate 
"I need a big moment!  Something like a clutch moment! A Kobe in the 4th quarter!  A Ronda ""Rowdy"" Rousey 14 second knockout!" 
Just left the fair! It was getting way too packed! #SanDiegoCountyFair #DelMar #4th @ San Diego County Fair 
[Daily Independent] Cech set to leave in January: Atletico Madrid has joined Roma and Real Madrid in the race ... 
Seth Rollins probably grew up watching Sting (friday night channel 5 in black &amp; white) &amp; now he's wrestling him for the wwe title 
Inter Milan Transfer Rumours: 5 Players Linked to the San Siro in January:   Inter Milan  have started their new... 
@user McGregor vs Aldo and Rousey vs Tate 3 December 5th, Dallas, TX AT&amp;T Stadium....sound good to you?" 
"Israel: Photo, New 200 Shekel banknote enters circulation tomorrow, the bills will be available at commercial banks 
Dustin Johnson goes -6 and in the lead - did anyone take Bryan's advice and take the 25s on 1st round leader for the #pga? getting excited? 
"Times may turn over, but a male is still a male lmao hey Naruto said it not me" 
In 6th grade Justin Bieber had a crush on a girl and dared her to kiss him but she didn't. 
White Sox go ahead 1-0 on Avi Garcia's RBI single in the 1st. 
"The sun will set in the west tonight, prompting @user to suspend Tom Brady for 4 more games. #Patriots" 
@user are you going to meet dean Ambrose at iplay America next Saturday 
They said talking tom brady in the 3rd round was a bad idea lets gooooooooooo!!! 
@user its out today on Xbox1 and PS4, its PC, 360 and PS3 that are getting it on the 9th and 10th, PS4 will be around 5pm and 2pm on Xbox" 
@user Thursday is National Hot Dog day! 
@user Yes, it is. Over the summer, Danny McBride confirmed """"Eastbound & Down"""" was renewed for a 4th season. No word on a premiere date yet" 
The key question! Will the Rebel still be 40's this time tomorrow for the Champion Hurdle #RebelFitz #HonDaRebel #Springer #ChampionHurdler 
Does anyone want a Foo Fighters ticket for Saturday at Milton Keynes Bowl? 
'Saturday Night Live' re-watch: Amy Schumer's monologue (with Bradley Cooper ... - 
@user didn't have a chance to listen Friday, thoughts on the Foo Fighters concert?" 
#tmz Hulk Hogan -- Blowin' Off Steam - Hulk Hogan tried to maintain his daily regime by hitting the gym Saturday. ... 
@user @user it was only sleepless from around 6am..early enough!! @user may need to drink heavily when they go &amp; see U2! 
On November 11 Sprint to start selling the Galaxy Tab 2 with LTE with a price tag of $549.99 
May aswell wear my new Batman tshirt and watch Nolan's trilogy tonight 
Dustin Johnson hits off the 16th tee during the second round of the World Golf Championships - Bridgestone... 
Do you guys believe that Floyd Mayweather will retire on September 12th? Give me your input 
@user Yes, anything possible, but u didnt answer 2nd question. Why back to 67 borders? To make Israel weaker militarily?If so,why?? 
Will Texans see the old Mario Williams on Sunday?...   #NFL #Buffalo #Bills 
"My piece on Mehdi Hasan &amp; abortion on @user """"Yes, being pro-life does make you less of a lefty"""" 
#MentionDateIWillNeverForget.. The Saturday Of the Strawberry Festival, Which i think was 6/17/12 
Boho rocker @user performs at Austin City Limits festival in the Texas capitol's Zilker Park on Friday night #ACLFest 
"Its fire how in #StraightOuttaCompton they show Ice cube working on "" friday"" the movie b4 it ever existed in real life" 
1st match of the night its Randy Orton vs Sheamus #SummerSlam 
"Guti can't come up with it. Garcia with an RBI single. White Sox lead Mariners, 1-0 in the 1st." 
You can measure Rousey's fight in vines. That last fight was about 5 and 2/3rd vines. @user 
@user Not sure exactly. But looking at previous years, 1-2 days after Eid, which means it ended on Monday." 
it's September 7th and it looks like my attempt to make Fleetwood Mac "Everywhere" the #songofthesummer has been a failure 
"Ironically when Leon Balogun was called up to the Super Eagles by Keshi, he was a bench warmer for a 2nd div. team, today in the Bundesliga" 
1st video without Zayn...we have to break the record and show others that 1d is stronger as 4 Nd not a flop ! #DragMeDownMusicVideoIsOut 
Griswold reels off 7 straight to go up 17-16 on Tri-Center in 3rd set. McLaren has 6 more kills in the frame and owns 19 total so far. 
"David Price on an August 3rd day game in Toronto: ""I've never been in an atmosphere like this before."" GTFOH." 
@user +didn't know Niall,Liam, and Louis were there at all. But it came to that Saturday night when Sam Smith performed that+" 
Secured beta access for Rainbow Six Seige on both Xbox One and PS4. Is it September 24th yet? 
@user Get Saudi Arabia and Israel out of the presidency and congress and we may have peace on earth F'n #Soros and #Adelson! 
Waiting for my training season with Dawgs tendy @user ,may as well watch Goon while I’m waiting 
"While leaving 4th block I saw Joe in class, I yelled """"JOE"""" & he came out and just looked at me. I interrupted him talking 2 a teacher whoops" 
thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi.... decision’s to be made 
@user but whats 30m to utd when we paid 36m for a 19yr old? lol Real Madrid can buy him in Jan if they want 
Frank Ocean it is July 69th my nigga where yo album at? Do we even get a single??? 
QB/RB threat Blake Sims may be just offensive weapon Bama needs 
@user my social studies teacher - not the one from 6th grade, but the one from 8th grade - told us disraeli discovered israel." 
"Since Midnight Memories, I knew that Zayn will be the 1st to left, I watched almost all of their performance &amp; Zayn is not that into them." 
@user did you see that the """"world famous pub"""" in Lechlade from Monday made an appearance in the Opening Ceremonies?" 
Take a bow Paul Dunne an Amateur golfer who is co-leading the @user after his 3rd round #theopen 
@user thank you kind of what I was thinking on. You think Oracle may have been a player later on? 
Is anybody going to see shawn in New York on September 8th? 
"Last Xplorer of the year takes place tomorrow at Three Sisters Park, Ashton. Find us next to the play area 11am - 1pm." 
November Turkish snap election very linked to this (and the G20). High stakes game by Erdogan 
"GMS market commentary on ship breaking in week 30. With Eid holidays now over, it was hoped that some resurgence (.. 
it always rains for Allderdice's prom then when it's time for lineup the sun is shining bright. ? 
Miss Oklahoma wins Miss USA; Trump is the elephant (who wasn't) in the room: The Miss USA Pageant was held Sun... 
"Dave just entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on Sunday, 10 March 2013!" 
@user Sunday's stage is one for sprinters - who will be way down the classification so no threat to Maillot Jaune. 
"Lost one of the GREATS in Frank Gifford. Who can forget those Monday Night Football games with Frank, Dandy Don and Howard." 
This Sat BBCR4Extra "raids the BBC archive to see how we reported the story of IT" from @user 
Ivanovic reaches Kremlin quarters: Ana Ivanovic advanced to the quarter-finals of the Kremlin Cup on Thursday by... 
"'Congress Will Smash RSS,' Says Rahul Gandhi via @user You can also try this as the 4th generation." 
Rumor has it that a certain app is available on iOS and it's FREE.  Android coming Friday. 
I just bought a Samsung Galaxy Note 4, kind of anoyed at how many things it does and crap I don't need or may... 
#Livewire Nadal confirmed for Mexican Open in February: Rafael Nadal is set to play at the Me... #LiveWireAthletics 
"Ephesians 6:11 (NEB) - Ephesians 6:11 (NEB) Put on all the armour which God provides, so that you may be... 
iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch, Mac with Safari, PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 #AppleEvent 
@user Shit dude good question.  I’ll get back to you tomorrow when we go over the Wiki with @user 
"JBid sounded a bit like James Murphy last night """"I was there ..."""" (""""when Ronald Reagan ...""""/""""at the 1st Can show"""") 
Minor Hurling Final (1st,2m) Kerry 0-1 Roscommon 0-0 #KerryGAA Kerry  off  the  mark 
@user @user Eid was on the 17th which was supposedly in Bradford right ?? 
New theory: Frank Ocean canceling @user is a PR stunt. He shows up with a heartfelt speech and drops his album on Saturday 
"Tomorrow we embark on a stint up and across Western Canada. Catch us at Woof Stock in Prince George, Friday on the Main Stage @ 2 pm." 
@user : Why do not you go to President and make a personal appeal for Yakub's mercy ?. Who knows, it may click." 
".@TiberTaig ""Maybe one day Islamic nations will learn to leave Israel and the USA alone.""  I wrote 24 August 2015: 
Today is the las day to buy Big Krit/ Slim Thugg tickets for their show in Starkville tomorrow @ Ricks Cafe 
Denzel Washington & Brian Geraghty gear up for one heck of a ride in this exclusive clip from FLIGHT! See it tomorrow. 
Texas #Rangers Josh Hamilton tied the ballgame in the 1st with a three-run home run. #MLB 
"C'mon peeps! Subscribe to our YouTube :T&amp;T KPOP: we make covers, Kpop covers, funny vids, reaction vids, etc.....  Just one click away...." 
This weekend Fri-Sun the legendary @user returns to the Houston Improv and Sunday's show is for all ages 13+! 
@user @user @user nothing beats the Massholes that call WEEI about the Red Sox in January 
3:35 Saturday night in Okinawa... Lets call it a night. Lights Out. 
See my article in @user and then see Amy Schumer at the BB&amp;T Center this Saturday 
it is confirmed that briana will give birth on April 1st. 
Well, monsoon coming in from the North and the Bomb Squad down in Midtown on the 15th. Time to go. 
"Senate building open to the public on Saturday 3 November: (AGI) Rome - Palazzo Madama, the Senate building, wil... 
Make your way to Hilton Hotel and grab your tickets for @user this coming Monday even make reservations via this link @user 
@user @user @user @user Arabs are just Discontent in the Game so they came up with Islam to give 3rd opinion 
@user How do like the idea of """"Monday Night Daytona 500""""?" 
Reminder noon tomorrow is the deadline to register teams for the Kickball Tournament at the $120 rate. Price increases to $150 after Friday 
Join us for a Bottomless Mimosa Brunch tomorrow prior to the Foo Fighters Concert! Who's in? 
I have a real dilemma here, so tomorrow is the A$AP Rocky concert in phoenix but I got called back to start working tomorrow at Bianchi’s 
Karlie Kloss & Joan Smalls Take Paris Fashion Week in the 1st Episode of the New House of Style (via @user 
Been using Vodafone's smart ultra 6 since Tuesday. Can't get the hang of it and finding a few faults with android. Back to IOS I think... 
"The new @user comes out tomorrow, folks. How is Scott Walker polling in his home state? Enquiring minds want to know." 
Don't forget to grab tickets to @user Nov. Have you seen @user in 'Sharknado 3'?! 
Allie is returning her Lexus that she got on sat because it's to slow .. Lmao can't take her 
@user Just saw the announcement from @user tomorrow's movie for #CinemaUnderTheStars is Jurassic Park. 
#Cubs Kris Bryant exited Sunday's game against the Brewers as a precautionary measure due to dizziness.  
And the 2nd shift of the day starts at 1st Thursdays in Canton Waterfront Park until 10pm with SOGH - Shawn... 
@user @user    The 1st Amendment protects EVERYONE'S rights- even those who agree with gay marriage. Should we revoke it? 
@user What you think of liverpool? Bet   rogers sat on Santa's lap at xmas asking for a new job.3 points on Sunday 4 the toon 
@user It may not be ""just"" an ethic to Christians like us, but unbelievers by definition don't care what the Bible says." 
Yo @user have you heard of anyone getting their Gears3 stats getting reset today? I sign onto today and now all my stats are reset. 
"In other news, tune in to @user tonight at 11.30pm for """"Take 5 with SLASH"""" &gt; Australian Tour goes on sale Friday 9am" 
Taylor Swift to co-host Grammys with LL Cool J: New York, Oct 30 (ANI): Taylor Swift has been chosen to present ... 
Liverpool, CHAMPIONS of the Carling Cup last season, now KICKED OUT in just the 3rd round of the competition 3-1 by SWANSEA at ANFIELD. 
@user will there be more trains available tomorrow from Haymarket into Glasgow due to the Foo Fighters gig? 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, meets Chelsea striker, Victor Moses: Oliseh confirmed the meeting via his T... 
Harry &amp; Danielle's birthday and Briana's due date are the all in the same week  RIP me in February 
@user @user @user @user Let's be honest. Joe Biden would win once he's in! He may even ask Warren to be R-Mate 
Paul Dunne at 2015 British Open: Sunday Leaderboard Score and Twitter Reaction | Bleacher ...: That support he... 
Sarah Palin may want us to speak American, but if she is in President Trump's cabinet many of us will be speaking Canadian. Andy Borowitz 
@user I know it's not your neck of the woods, but do you happen to know a spot I can watch the Milan game on the 17th in NYC?" 
Los Angeles Times - Joe Biden may not be at big confab for Democrats, but he dominates the conversation 
Only way the Blue Jays magic number can crop tomorrow is if White Sox beat the Twins 
"Well, we got to milan in one piece. First item on the shopping list tomorrow, Italian phrase book! Although it... 
David Cameron is due to make his Commons statement about the migration crisis at 3.30pm. #davidcameron 
Attending the World Music Festival? Bring in your ticket and receive a wrap and drink for only $5! Fri, Sept 21; Mon, Sept 24-Thurs, Sept 27 
"Why Yemen is important? cus Yemen is 4th world country at war with one the most richest and powerfull countries on earth, Saudi Arabia" 
"Entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on Sun, 10 Mar 2013! What have I got myself into!" 
[INFO] Tomorrow EXO M will be going to Nanjing (via.sotea123) 
Cate Blanchett hammering out the details of Thor 3 role - Gaea mother of Thor 
just in The interview with author and speaker Joseph P. Genera will start to air this Monday afternoon. Stay tune for times. 
The posters for Need/Want/Crave have arrived & will be up at the Leicester Square Theatre from tomorrow or Friday. Just under a month to go. 
"I'm sure I'm not the 1st to mention Frank Gifford's contribution to literature: the catalyst in Exley's ""A Fan's Notes.""" 
I swear if everyone goes to this party Saturday its going to be the new, Project X! 
Dunkin is definitely the move tomorrow morning 
@user Yea I say, mid January for a new single. Right in time for the superbowl& video at the end of January leading into SuperBowl 
@user Thor and Hela sat down on the golden chairs as they begins to drink their mead that was right in front of them. Odinson+ 
This Thursday night in #Smackdown it's a big 8 man tag team match randy Orton reigns Ambrose cesaro vs shamus Owens Luke an Wyatt  #RAW 
@user it's been hell living as a White Sox fan in Chicago this summer. Go get them tomorrow giants! 
"Sunday Oliseh, the newly appointed Super Eagles handler has advised Nigerian players plying their trade at big... 
going to see Ant-man wednesday. hopefully its good. 
"May Allah forgive me if Im wrong for saying this but I think Allah is testing Muslims with wars, etc to purify us and wake us up" 
[INFO]Tiffany will be the MC for SBS K-Pop Super Concert in USA on Nov 10 SBS K-Pop Super Concert in America on Nov 10 
Feels like a weird twilight zone today... Mid Christmas and new year with a slap of Monday on top.  Very odd 
does anybody want to go to justin bieber with me on july 7 in baltimore?? section floor 5 probably 
David Cameron says he will open UK borders-just once I would like Brits to be put 1st by our own government 
Only reason is be scared of gay is if u hide your true feelings I says it's hate and fear u may have thoughts of why do picture anyone 
"We also wrap up our discussion of the Summer Olympics, present our weekly box office report &amp; discuss how 2 of NBC's Fall shows may be DOA." 
Saturday is Brian Kelly's shot at immortality. Is it game time yet? #GoIrish 
@user @user right, see if you get any Oreo balls tomorrow." 
"That girl is me whenever Bad Blood comes on, well in my head I kill it like that but truly I'm doing the sprinkler. 
The team may not be playing great ball right now but SS of the future Jose Iglesias is 0-14 since his call up...so there's that! #RedSox 
"#Cardinals make up for lousy pass D with tough run defense. They are 3rd in NFL, allowing 75.8 rushing yards per game." 
The people want to know where is Frank Ocean  !! Read why fans thought album would be out already  
#StLucieMets honoring the late Gary Carter this Thurs in game vs Lakeland. Carter’s family, HoJo will be in attendance. @user #Mets 
"FINAL: King City 14, Milan 12. Walker McCallon huge 4th down defensive stop late in the 4th." 
"Here's the full game story, in which #ArkSt's Blake Anderson entered the Georgia Dome concerned about focus. ($) 
"Kris Bryant singles into left field for his 3rd hit of the night. 3-3, 2 RBI (82). #Cubs" 
4 the Record: Ryan Braun smacks 252nd career hr-1 more than Robin Yount; wild #Brewers Marlins Wed matinee; the story on #FOX 6 SPORTS 5P 
@user All RW’ers with VANS should call local Romney Campaign and offer to help transport GOP voters to the polls now until Tuesday! #tcot 
Pakistan to talk counterterrorism with US, Afghans: Pakistan’s foreign minister revealed Thursday that her country would soon hold co... 
Do you have your HST made for the Diamond Chevrons QAL?  Tomorrow the assembly directions go up!! 
@user did you do it via the website? Igot a instant response Monday from Oldham with a new complaint (15 days response to rest) 
I know SiR writes for a lot of ppl but listening to Seven Sunday's wouldn't be surprised if he had Frank Ocean credits. 
iPad news:  Romo will have to keep Cowboys in the hunt - Dallas Morning News (subscription) 
@user he may be able to scrape by just with the midfield but if Kane has a difficult time or injury I don't see enough goals in us 
#EdShow If you think Romney is throwing the sink, you should’ve seen Selma in August. The incumbent had Republican backing... 
@user the Kendrick album may be the most overrated album of all time. It's a good album but very little replay value 
Interesting #agriculture #IP news: Monsanto's 1st genenration GMO crop patents are expiring in the US &gt;@TechReview 
@user @user what time are you going to claytons tomorrow 
JR’s HAVE to go to the pep rally tomorrow! 
ugh also i forgot hannibal is ending...i never kept up with it but i still feel pretty sad it was a damn good show, 1st season 
British council chiefs want more public srvcs resources from David Cameron for more refugees #cdnpoli #refugeecrisis 
@user @user @user That way he will testify, otherwise he's said he will plead the 5th. This is finally a way to sink Hillary 
New Release September 9th which is the prequel to Complicated Love Affairs by Yolanda Dumas available on Amazon. 
.@SkyBet expect Atletico Madrid to lead the chase for Peter Cech if the #cfc keeper still wants to leave in January - 
@user McGregor vs Aldo coming Dec.12. So, we going halvsies on PPV? Ha. They need to hurry up and throw Rousey vs. Cyborg on there." 
I have to get a picture of what I think beauty is for homework. I'll just print a picture of Tom Brady or me.-The 6th Grader I nanny 
"A rumor alleges Caitlyn Jenner may appear on Season 4 of ""Orange is the New Black."" #tv #news 
"Anywho, I'm not really sure what I think of Ant-Man. May need some time to mull it over" 
Angela Merkel Tops Guest List at Legendary Bayreuth Festival: German Chancellor Angela Merkel topped the guest list Saturday of the g... 
"It's already the home of the Star Tours attraction, it's where they hold Star Wars Weekends every May, so why not? ..." 
Real Madrid will sign De Gea tomorrow with help of FIFA! 
Watching Cate Blanchett acceptance speeches with @user as one does on the Tuesday before Christmas 
@user what you up to man?  Did you go see Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night? 
#EGGPLANT @user you may suck at mario but we get to laugh at you while getting a chance at winning the IPod so we win :D 
John Cena about to take time from ESPN's riveting golf discussion! C'mon ESPN wrestling is fake! Talk about golf more it's the real! 
@user Yeah Z wants to go  see  it and I told them  go  for it i pass. Paper Towns  is playing but I'd rather read the  book 1st 
"Power's out for 47 hrs and: #kanye2020 , twenty one pilots perform, Nicki drags Miley, probably the sun exploded too let me check" 
@user Hi. Are you going to sell The Vamps ticket on Sm Molino or Sm Bacoor? This coming sat? 
"RT @user Why doesn't Obama just sign an executive order that declares the U.S. has AAA rating? I mean, c'mon?" 
I guess Milan may get some complimentary tickets to the CL final at San Siro. That's the only way they'd see Euro football. 
"David Wright back in Mets lineup for first time since April: For the first time since April 14, David Wright w... 
#Prince announced that he is releasing an album with Jay-Z that is coming out on September 7th.  It will be featured on #Tidal. 
I have to do an all about me project ik what is this 5th grade? but anyways I have to list my accomplishments and my only is a Niall follow 
Golf tomorrow morning test out the back looks like it will be sunny but cold 
And once again, the first game James and me play in te latest 2K is: Heat vs Knicks. For the 2nd year in a row. We always go back and fort 
GHOST RIDER is bck on action jst w8 19th octobr at 3pm ...so guyz start ur engine and join with me in rally... 
Axl rose through the bose in my rolls, through the concrete u see a rose still rose, counted up a million dollars fore that sun rose 
Kurt Cobain or Dave groul? And may I have a follow from one of you? #ask5sos 
if my mom goes t the U.S. open tomorrow without me and Niall is there I will end myself so fast 
@user @user dear I'm not supporting Yakub. I'M just supporting Judiciary. it will be big political debate tomorrow if nt adrsd 
"I'm going to Citizen at Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, IN - Nov 1 
"It was ""high and deep""... #Cubs Kris Bryant ""walkoff"" trailiing with 2 outs in the bttom of the 9th! --&gt; #MLB" 
@user Bernie Sanders got braces in 7th grade even though he didn't need them so the popular girls would accept him 
can't believe I just sat and cried at David Beckham on Knock Knock live. Think it's time for me to go to bed 
Just checking in to see if I had a nightmare last night about the DWTS cast or not. @user @user @user @user 
Miss USA or prom queen the world may never know 
3 days to convince some one to come to lana del rey with me in may lol 
what i just realized RE #retribution the date it came out here in the uk matched the day jill set off to escape raccoon city September 28th 
Bills’ Williams says Texans forced his hand: As Mario Williams prepares to face his former team for the first time Sunday, the highly... 
@user - Ever hear Tamias live cover of the Winans """"Tomorrow""""" 
Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Sting to Star in Hurricane Benefit Concert Friday:  Superstar musicians born in the New Y... 
@user Here are the official settings for Gears3 for July 21st. Execution maps- checkout no swaps, clocktower swap out boom for digger and 
"I'll be turning 25 tomorrow. All I want is Crawfish, Coffee & Community. Amen" 
Mexican LLWS pitcher just let up 7 ER in the 1st inning. Sign him up for the Gary Carter Memorial Team@ryanpmacd @user @user 
More recently though I think that Monster Hunter games and Yokai Watch may have given Pokemon the elbow especially in Japan. 
So Aamir Khan finally sat through the entire speech by Rahul Gandhi #AamirKhan 
So it is official but no surprise: Erdogan announces Turkey to go to new round of elections on November 1st. 
@user  are one direction still going to the sun studios in scotland on tuesday x can u pleese answer mee x 
87-85 sounds like the 3rd quarter score between Warriors and Suns not the final. 
Picture day tomorrow something that different hope milan dont go off 
New Divas tag team division in the works? The future of Seth Rollins &amp; John Cena. #wwe #divas #sethrollins #johncena 
@user If Citeh beat Lyon in the Champions League final in Milan in May you promise to get an 'RIP Cecil' back tattoo? 
"Alright the Dark Souls stream is happening right now, 1st playthrough, tons of salt/anger 
"Lou Reed, David Bowie, Nina Simone, Neil Young + personal originals. See you Friday @user &amp; @user 
@user 1st game in brooklyn and i want to see brook lopez 
Don’t forget that the exclusive screening of Skyfall takes place this Thursday at Cineplex Oasis Mall.Red Carpet... 
Maude Barlow: Why I am going to be in Victoria on October 22nd  #nopipelines #notankers #tarsands 
@user start two engineering branches first time in the world (1)water (2) garbage utilisation.It may be supprt swachh Bharat ,campaign." 
Superman is an alien, powered by the sun. Batman is a mere mortal, powered by his bank account. Why is there gonna be a movie?! 
Brian Wilson is set to make his Cactus League debut tomorrow for the San Francisco #Giants. 
"I've got one ticket to the Michael Jackson tribute gig for sale on Oct 8th dm @user for details,please RT!" 
@user Mets have had a rough stretch. They NEEDED a win like that. Kinda sorta their equivalent of the Kris Bryant Monday walkoff. 
26-02-2016-parlament-election-in-iran- Par La Ment Election In Iran 2016-february-26 Friday- Parlament Election Wahlen Down with Dictator 
Sam Smith - I'm Not the Only One (Jun Sung Ahn) Violin Cover via @user 
"Tomorrow is the last day to register for Youth Soccer, Youth Volleyball and Tiny Tot Soccer! - 
This man Frank ocean said all our daughters and our sons.. Are just candles in the sun... Yo. 
Meet your Water Nirvana this Saturday with @user &amp; @user 
This Thursday at Backstage Live #piercetheveil with my baby<3 
"I'm going to Celtic Thunder at F. M. Kirby Center in Wilkes-Barre, PA - Oct 6 
Devon Alexander’s trainer says he will destroy Randall Bailey on September 8 and then seek a showdown with p4p... 
Chelsea &amp; I are making a list entitled "sh*t you hear on GT's campus" and we just heard our 1st item 
Ant-Man was ok. Nothing amazing but Marvel evil for having me sit through the longest credits to see the 2nd end credit scene. 
"Sunday Oliseh, the new Super Eagles team have his baptism of fire when the team almost suffer a defeat from their host Taifas of Tanzania." 
@user Got a stat for you, Rangers have lost their last 9 Sunday games, last one they won? Josh Hamilton's walk off against Boston." 
@user I like your work but that Money May V. Rousey is ludicrous. I couldn't even finish reading it. 
Gucci bags he fearlessness november impart the twosome thy module modernistic tie-in for for organic: tIfFSQAre 
Does anyone from Sharknado 3 want to jump on the air in St. Louis tomorrow? @user @user @user @user @user 
The Sultan of Sokoto Alhaji Sa'ad Abubakar has said Boko Haram terrorist are out to spoil the name of Islam as a whole. May they be exposed 
"Dream Big Summer Reading Club ends tomorrow, August 7. This is the last day to turn in your book log for prizes!" 
Amazon Prime Day deals pose little Black Friday threat: A blue Selfie Stick Pro with 3-in-1 Bluetoo... #Bluetooth 
"#TBT #kidrock #kidrockcruise June 22, 2000 ""...on the cover of the Rolling Stone"" (first time) 
@user She was like, ""Yah, yoga pants are important"".  Now on to next part to meet with all the doctors on the 14th and set a date." 
 Hey /v/. Considering starting to play Dark Souls. Would it be better to play the 1st or the 2nd first? 
#2 Divison III offense in the nation vs. The best team we’ve played this Saturday 
"I wonder if you heard Frank Gifford died today?, take care  Roma 
"July 16, 8pm EST, Big Time Movie will be premiering on YTV with One Direction commenting during commercials! #1Dupdates" 
Snoop Dogg and Matt Barnes arrive at the 3rd Annual Athletes vs Cancer: Celebrity Flag Football Game 
@user @user So used to watching Hannibal on Saturday I am shocked I am going clubbing. #Hannibal #FannibalsArentDone 
@user  just to be clear.You would take Tim Tebow, who can't make 4th string on any team over Tom Brady? How do you have a job sir?" 
@user @user @user Corby may not acknowledge this because he hasn't been told by Rolling Stone that it's cool. 
@user @user I'm away at Write Around the Murray this weekend, but free next Monday (14th) and the Thursday after that." 
TA: LG Spectrum Ice Cream Sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow:  Starting tomorrow owners of the LG... #android 
I got tomorrow off!! Woooop!! (@ Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts) 
"If you're around on Saturday, go see @user and @user at Stubb's Battle of the Bands. Proceeds go to Invisible Children." 
Shawn will perform at Best Buy Theater on the 8th of September along with his Island Records family. #IslandLifeNYC 
2 extra tickets that need to be gone for Kenny and Jason Aldean at Gillette for Friday the 28th.. Let me know if you or anybody wants them 
"Our coverage of the Tennessee and Ole Miss game starts at 3:30 tomorrow afternoon with the Tennessee Tailgate Show, featuring @user 
Gucci bags motive force brass july end the dyad yours express mutual regard coda till well-inclined care: NGkrbiZbR 
Video: September 7: Video of Justin meetings and talking with fans in New York, NYC. 
LIVE on #Periscope: Hollywood in the house....autograph guy preparing for Sharknado 3 Premiere tomorrow  
UCLA game with Malcolm Saturday:D 
Photo: we-are-lucifers: Hi..NOTICE !! 4th of Seprember will be realesed the new album band IRON MAIDEN... 
"Houston, I'm selling two tickets for the Sam Smith concert for this Friday at the Toyota Center! Send me a message if your interested!" 
@user so the kids in the picture belong to RSS, came to stop Rahul Gandhi? rofl..  
"Sheamus explains why he will take down Randy Orton: SmackDown, July 30, ... via @user haha" 
im actually so ready for frank ocean to fuck with everyone saturday :( 
"This Xmas I miss many, but most of all Jason Rezaian (again!) who spends his 523rd day and 2nd Xmas jailed in Iran #freejason #pressfreedom" 
Yall fuckin with it? Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by @user on #SoundCloud 
#SummerSlam tomorrow night  Can the Undertaker FINALLY beat Brock Lesnar? 
My professor just made a Chuck Norris joke am I in 8th grade or college I forgot 
"Dear VIPs, we will be selling the cheering goods for Big Bang Alive Tour at Singapore Indoor Stadium for the whole day tomorrow." 
Sat here in actual tears this country needs to do something about these refugees. It's everyone's problems. David Cameron needs to act! 
Mirror: David De Gea's mansion still on the market - despite Real Madrid transfer collapse #mufc 
SHAWN ON FITNESS: Walking your way to good health: Many of you may know that I serve on the Maryland State Adv... 
Told my dad I was going to wear all black to my aunts house &amp; he just said it's not Halloween yet Wednesday Adams lol 
#UFC194 McGregor or Aldo? I think Connor is going IRA on Jose tonight. 2ND round knockout. 
"Latest: Steelers, Polamalu agree to four-year deal: The Pittsburgh Steelers agreed to terms Saturday with Troy P... 
Someone on my TL just tweeted that Liam is the 2nd oldest member of 1D nd I was about to correct her before I remembered that Zayn quit 
voting ends tomorrow at ten a.m. so can this tweet get up to at least a hundred retweets by the morning? #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
For April to try to make me come to Richwood << 
Does anyone know where Harper will be appearing tomorrow on #PEI?  #Charlottetown?  #Summerside? The coward is keeping it secret again. 
August 30: Selena with Taylor Swift &amp; the Bad Blood cast on the red carpet of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards #1 
The Beijing Summer Olympics closed on August 24 2008. Books on the Olympics are found in 796.48 
"In the Saudi Arabia, UAE, neighbors and much of Northern Africa, the weekend is Friday &amp; Saturday. The first work day of the week is Sunday." 
49ers vs. Cardinals: Vernon Davis and Key Players for Both Teams: The Monday night matchup between the San Franc... 
"Thanks to Kris Bryant's walkoff HR in 9th, the Cubs got their MLB-leading 12th walkoff win of the season." 
you ever go night night Nigga? EVERYBODY go night night ! - Kevin hart 
Live for Tuesday night. Do you think the IRA were heroes or zeros? #IrelandTalks4FM 
"While watching family guy on fox, just saw a NFL on Fox promo for the Bucs v Chiefs game for Friday... #jacked" 
@user Thinking a bolt action .30-06 may have to be in the cards for Valentine’s Day or something. 
Can Mike Brown play golf? He may need to hit up the Stanford Women’s  team w Ty Willingham after this start, honestly... #Lakers 
@user  desire is the root of all suffering. being content w/ WHAT IS is the only relief. u may C there is no ""you"".. Nirvana = Extinction" 
I was wishing to See #Raees in Christmas 2015 &amp; #Dilwale on Eid 2016 at the beginning of the year. But delay in #Fan from 14 August Ruined. 
"I Am Cait: Why Caitlyn Jenner's Low Ratings Aren't All Bad News: Though E! may have had high hopes for the I Am Cait, which documents..." 
Tennessee 7th graders assignment: Write &amp; Recite 'Allah is the only god' in 3 week focus on Islam in history class 
"*notification sound* *checks phone* MLB At-Bat:  BREAKING: Josh Hamilton is a triple, double, single and HR short of the cycle. Tomorrow." 
"Remember when Pain was a just shadowy figure? We all speculated he was Naruto's dad. Boom, we see the true 4th Hokage during their fight." 
"I've just kind of sat here for an hour doing nothing but listening to Bad Blood on repeat, this is normal" 
"Jenna if we leave right now we can make it to Sam Smith in Glendale, Arizona tomorrow I'm looking up tickets right now-my sister" 
To start 2nd quarter action, Lamar Odom checks in for the first time. 
@user @user Is this for the Foo Fighters.  Is it Saturday or Sunday night you are asking about please? 
"26/8/15 Katy Perry and her cracking #cleavage out on Wednesday, there's a joke in here somewhere about puppy's 
#style #news Republican presidential hopeful Carly Fiorina said Sunday that she would oppose a governm...  #NY #DC 
Coldwater Track at MAC Championship tonight.  Go Cavs!  Also a neat way to end Freshman BB season with a Fri Night DH at Celina on turf. 
May or may not do Liam dm's in the morning. Depends how awake I am and how much time idrk but I'll do more tomorrow night for sure so ya 
George Harrison was a customer: Storied Staten Island guitar store may close if it can't find a buyer @user 
@user Sam plays for a team on a sun - Niall plays too. If he fancies it let me know m8. 
"""""For the 1st time since 1978 Italy will travel to a major tournament without Franco Baresi, Paolo Maldini or Cannavaro"""" via @user 
Dwayne Allen destroyed Brian Cushing on the 1st down run. Such a complete TE. 
Isn't this like the 4th of 5th reset of Hillary's campaign? "Hillary Clinton to Show More Humor &amp; Heart, Aides Say" 
"Check Out #Omen from @user ft. Sam Smith, from the Upcoming Album #Caracal Available September 25th #Disclosure 
Brock Lesnar returns tomorrow on raw the fight will continue... 
Guti! He hits a 2-run HR in the 7th. M's down 4-2 to the White Sox. 
UCLA says Howland will return for 10th season - UCLA announced Tuesday that Ben Howland will remain on the job as me... 
"Interestingly, """"Too Big to Fail"""" was also the title of the pep talk that was given to Melissa McCarthy this morning." 
"we don't get enough Niall in yellow, I don't like the color but he looks like the sun in it #MTVHottest One Direction" 
At the semis of US National Cups. Red Stars keeping the suspense down 0-1 in the 25th. C'mon Stars! [pic]: 
Participate in the new @user contest. Winner gets a special gift from Maite. Deadline is November 15 
My last thursday of 2015 in MIlan..! see you tonight at 11Clubroom! 
@user yes! They arent out yet it's presale rn. I looked him up and he isn't coming anytime soon but Zac Brown Band is coming in Oct. 
"June 26, Christianity's nine eleven. Kim Davis.... Its first causality.  Must all Christians now  leave the public sector or conform?" 
"""""@__ChelleBell__: @user @user oh ok. Pick Jessica ass up too when you come."""" Imaaa just come tomorrow!" 
Donald Trump: Israel may not want peace with Palestinians. 
Sat chatting about todays sport when theres a knock on the door. Wolf hopes its Chuck Norris. Its not. Its Richard Blackwood. Jesus Christ. 
@user ...besides, I agree with Bernie Sanders on 90 percent of thing, so you and I may be closer than you think. 
@user @user Throw in children and that may mean close to 5% of the population added in Muslims / year .. Great times! 
The Golden Globe Awards will be hosted by Tina Fey and Amy Poehler live on NBC on January 13 starting at 8pfrom the Beverly Hilton Hotel 
I remember watching Friday I would always think Ice Cube was cute but now he's old :/ 
@user Allah las, fleetwood Mac,the clash, joy division, beach house, beach fossils, tomorrow's tulips, mystic Braves, tame impala 
catch NCAA Men’s Basketball Finals Game 3 today, 12:45pm live on TV5 and replay on AKTV right after the PBA 2nd Game. #SanBedaRedLions 
Was I one of the first or last to notice this... Dean Ambrose new gear number says 060214  June 2nd 14 the day Seth Rollins betrayed  Shield 
Vidal Nuno pitched 6 2/3 innings of one-run ball in a no-decision versus the White Sox on Saturday. #Mariners #MLB 
"Might see if Atleti can claw their way back into this game in 2nd half, but you get the feeling Siquiera needed to score that penalty" 
@user Just wondering if you have had a chance to share the google drive yet, from Wednesday, or if I entered my email incorrectly?" 
To keep in pace with Friday 13th here's a teaser for the new David Bowie album scheduled for release Jan 8th...... 
Howard U wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over Morgan State. Bison now 5-2; 4-1 MEAC 
World in Union (with several opera singers) for the Rugby World Cup will be available on August/September(12th) More  
"Did you know, in JiuJitsu when you get to your 4th Dan, instead of a black belt, you wear a red and black belt? #JiuJitsu #Ottawa" 
"1, The guy is a hunk. 2. Get Drunk. 3. Do Sex. 4. regret it. 5. Contact in order campus, police, Rolling Stone. 
"Thursday’s rainfall @ BDR was 0.04"""" bringing the monthly total to 2.07"""". That’s more than an inch below normal (3.10"""")." 
Hoping the Evening Post is right with reports that Curtis could opt to move Ayew up front tomorrow. Fernandez could also return. 
SIU up 2 sets to 0 at Drake (25-16, 27-25), looking to keep sole possession of 4th place in MVC. just underway in the 3rd set 
Sunday yoga at Family Tree...  8:30 am - Healing Yoga with Karen in the Kula room 9:00 am - Barkan with Mel in... 
George Osborne should come clean over who wins or loses in his budget | UK news | Guardian: STOP fiddling the figures 
"Selling tickets for Blackout November 23rd in Fresno tickets are $15 for Limited Time so HMU if you from Chowchila,Kerman,Madera,or Fresno." 
Islam is the same throughout the world. It may be interpreted in different ways but it does not evolve. 
@user @user may no longer need to switch to the PS4 after gaming on the Wii U now... 
"That they may see &amp; know, consider &amp; understand, That the hand of the Lord has done this, the Holy One of Israel has created it. Is. 41:20" 
"The question is, will replacing Gandhi or Nehru with """"Jan"""" or """"Rashtriya"""" in the names of Govt. Schemes and Ideas, make them more effective?" 
So David Beckham may or may not be In a Cameo role. He is NOT. But if @user acts up, our editor is at the ready. 
Sydney's Bad Blood costumes for the August 15th show in Santa Clara! @user @user 
Off to do my vlog. Watching Devil Inside and Journey 2 the Mysterious Island tomorrow...: 
@user You can also try the Devil Inside, The Apparition or the The Vanishing on 7th Street. 
"Depending what I can squeeze in before Friday, the rest of the week goes Paper Towns, U.N.C.L.E, American Ultra, Me &amp; Earl... and No Escape." 
[INFO] Tomorrow EXO M will be going to Nanjing (via: sotea123) 
At the end of the third the New Mexico Stars lead the Wichita Wild 39-34. Any guesses how the 4th quarter will shake out? 
real madrid sign a 7year old from argentina maybe the next messi!! 
I just spent like 45 minutes looking for something to watch on netflix, hulu, and amazon prime and settled on the 1st Power Rangers movie 
Job report to be released on Friday by the Kremlin, aka, Bureau of Labor Statistics. Get your conspiracy theories ready!!! 
Floyd Mayweather tells Ronda Rousey to call him ... when she makes... [Baltimore Sun]  #Boxing 
Murray out in the 4th Round! 
@user Those who are in Christ (Christians) are called to live a surrendered life. Put Christ 1st in everything you do! 
@user Sep, como Rise of the Tomb Raider, Mighty No.9, Homefront, Naruto Storm 4, Dark Souls 3 y un largo etc. xD" 
"I'm going to gay pride. ""@mikadori: Ore whats ur excuse for 26 September mbuso_nkabinde""" 
@user I miss you and Bentley! Are yal coming up Saturday?! 
On our way to Binghamton NY for our show at the Downtown Quarterback. go to for info on the show tomorrow night! 
Real Time with Bill Maher March 9 2012 Poor White Conservatives from Mississippi 720p 
@user from december 26th to january 26th. NYC until the 1st, NC and then FL. 
"#topgear BBC's Top Gear, with Chris Evans, starts on 8 May 2016: New Top gear has con... - 
Who wants to go see Chris Brown with me on Wednesday??? It's only 40 doll hairs 
"There can be no tolerance of those who question the dignity of other people." - Angela Merkel stood up to be counted 
"John Kasich: Every Other Monday: Twenty Years of Life, Lunch, Faith, and Friendship: Where do you go when the water r 
May or may not be in the same building as viola Davis right now #nbd 
The last place I wanna be going is jacksonville tomorrow.... UGH 
At the 10th Annual Cloud Expo @user 
@user since everyone has made the comparison,I think Dean Ambrose should wear a Hot Rod shirt on Monday Night Raw @user 
@user on the tv it said Nikon was closed tomorrow ten it disappeared....but did we have English hw? 
@user Yeah, him and Seth Rollins have a long feud with each other. Couple years ago, the two of them along with a 3rd dude named" 
"Nitemoves tomorrow , Who going ?" 
"Josh Hamilton is 2-for-3 tonight; Nick Tropeano leaves w/ 0 outs &amp; 2 on in 6th; 7 hits, 1 walk, 4 K, three earned (responsible for runners)" 
Show this Saturday night with our friends in At The Gallows and Emergency Syndrome at the Gladstone Hotel from... 
Bring the kids along to Scary Mary's Halloween Storytime on Wednesday at 9.30am at Genera @ Generations Cafe 
@user @user I think we are going to have the Red Bull bar back on Jan 25 as well 
The @user moved up the @user vs @user fight to Nov. 14 in Australia. Rousey is always ready to fight #ufc193 #andStill 
The Northwestern Wildcats may not just be Chicago's team but could very well be Bernie Sanders team! Think about... 
"R&amp;R at the Fairmont Orchid in the middle of the Oracle Presidents club w 3500. Setting up for Philip Phillps to sing tonight, Elton on Sun." 
But first today...taking all the brood to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Might sneak the dog in too... 
Its going down this Sat. Bama vs LSU|Oregon vs USC|KSU vs OSU| and I have to watch Texas vs Texas Tech 
Surgery tomorrow morning. If I die bury me inside the Gucci store 
@user @user I'm done with y'all boys mark text that man you sorry Gucci good shit ima catch y'all boys tomorrow 
Does anyone have an Invitational at Marshall for Volleyball on the 6th? 
Kanye West confuses me  this kind of made no sense LMFAO but I must say it had me cracking up 
Kim Hyung Jun - Football Team the 2nd A Match at YeongDeungPo-gu DaeRimDong [12.10.27] Credit :@fmdrkmc #2 
@user Kofi Annan will be addressing 1,300 delegates on Sunday 21, 2:15pm EDT on the subject of interventions. 
Tomorrow I'm going to be one of the Runaways..! #BattleBorn #TheKillers 
"http://t.co/Ib9XfShL almost ready for the #Huntsville Building Home & Garden Show, few tweeks on Friday & away we go" 
Tiffany will be the MC for SBS K-Pop Super Concert in USA on Nov 10 
"Dirty Heads, Slightly Stoopid, and the expendables Sep 10th and Paul McCartney Oct 13? I can fux with that" 
what's the theme for the game tomorrow step it up Curtis 
More like more than 100 people but hard to believe this took place in Paris tonight esp. after Charlie Hebdo attacks 
Watched Annabelle for the 2nd time! 
Former #Mizzou RHP Kyle Gibson (#Twins) will start in the Arizona Fall League Rising Stars Game on Sat, 7pm on MLB TV. 
"Luckily the boys don't have a show tomorrow, really hope Niall will feel better soon :(" 
Where's a good place in Studio City/LA to watch Monday Night Football tonight? Lemme know! 
interviewing Paul Conroy later for @user -the photographer injured working with The Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin in Syria 
3rd Round of the PGA Championship is live on News19 at 2. Dutch Fork's Dustin Johnson tees off at 3:12.  (USA Today) 
Mariah Carey shows fuller frame in Malibu with twins Sunday - Daily Mail 
This week is all about our show themes. Today: DAVID BOWIE  Why David Bowie never changed his name!  Fall show SAT! 
"On July 24th, the trucks will make their debut at Tony Stewart's raceway Eldora Speedway! Whose looking forward to this race?" 
"When y'all can write lyrics that come close to Tupac, Ice Cube, or Eminem then and only then you may get my attention" 
dont even wanna believe that frank ocean's album will drop tomorrow. cant get my hopes up just to get my feelings hurt 
Which idol group is the best in KPOP? EXO or BIGBANG?  via ChuuTALK  c'mon VIP vote for bigbang 
"Down to the wire in Fresno for #RTTT: teachers union, Supt. Hanson still meeting. Deadline tomorrow. #edreform" 
Almost forgot to Congradulate the Kent State Flashes for winning their 4th straight MAC Championship 
Heat play the Knicks tomorrow 
@user online it said One Direction tix for Paris April 29th 2013 go on sale at 10am, what site can you buy tickets! 
Buying a scuba suit for the underwater scenes in Sharknado tomorrow 
Not gonna lie I may or may not blare Justin Bieber in the Jeep 
im going to watch the MTN 8 Final tomorrow at the magnificent Orlando Stadium in Soweto 
Anybody wanna go see Kenny Chesney and Jason aldean tomorrow night with me and Adriana ?? 
Thank God we now have August 9th as the day Frank Gifford died instead of it being the day Michael Brown died. 
Is anyone interested in going to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow at 7pm? I'm selling one of my tickets :) 
Cbb, may just starve till she gets in. 
"Alabama : Trent Richardson on cover of SI:  The junior running back is featured on the August 22 issue, alongsid... 
Cowboys vs Giants a little preview of what's going to be happening on Sunday! 
KEDAI KOMIK ONLINE EXCLUSIVE | For a limited time (September 4th - December 21st) the Batmobile from 'Batman v... 
"ESPN: ""What will you be thinking when you tee off tomorrow out last at the Open?"" Paul Dunne: ""Make contact with the ball.""" 
@user yea Gibbs to score the 4th for AFC still 
@user Black Friday on iTunes - $5.99 holiday album. Under the Mistletoe by Justin Bieber  
What are you doing this Thursday night? Want to find your true self? Zen out and reach nirvana with a little free... 
He once gave a smelly tramp a quid for a bag of chips who may or may not have urinated next to a Lexus earlier that day. suggestacorbynsmear 
UKenyatta jetting into the country tomorrow yet Ruto hasnt even shed enough tears about his acting Presidency position 
@user hi  how are you now were are you   am back to china for  EID   after EID im planned to go   please call me  may number 9747610055 
"Come along to 'Business in Crisis' at the Conservative Party Conference tomorrow, 6:30pm, Jurys Inn, Birmingham 
FAV this and wait for it: Prandelli will leave if Galatasaray will lose against Fenerbahce this saturday. 
Yet Ira's mom is like 5ft and he's 6'2 lol okk 
@user Uhh, PS1 and PS2 but like the 2nd smaller editions and a PS3 250gb. I wanna PS4 but nothing is out that I wanna play yet~ ^^ You?" 
@user cian an..huhuhu.... mybe tomorrow going to putrajaya.. 
"Our YouTube channel is going to start getting busy, so keep checking it for content. Starting Sunday with Ed Sheeran enjoying a new song" 
Police deny knowledge of Boko Haram in Enugu: The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it was n... #oladeile 
Hopefully I work an early shift September 6th would love to go to watch the Jurassic park quote a long 
@user His numbers are deceiving, but it is his first year.  He has some David Price similarities, but he may not pan out." 
"Inside the Milky Way: Santa Barbara CA (SPX) Oct 17, 2014  Is matter falling into the massive black hole at the center of the Milky W..." 
I need someone to see Jason Aldean with tomorrow. aha 
#day #God #known #Sunday #week Question and Answer #prayer #church" 
"Contraband on Blue Ray = $15 1st Season of Martin = $10 Sidney Poitier ""in the heat of the night"" = $5 @ PS3 
George Osborne recently parked his tanks on Labour's lawn. Now he's turned off the engines: 
Can't believe within their own hearts the guilt that Brady may have. I had similar shock when Hulk Hogan story rose. 
@user ima see u Sunday when you get to ATL 
@user are you giving away meet and greet passes for demi lovato on Monday?? 
"Just informed by legal that when I talk wrestling on @user tomorrow, I CAN'T have the John Cena theme play every time I say something." 
@user this is a part of the road map! (Saudi Arabia to crash Iran) may Allah safeguard us 
Dustin Johnson is playing like me on the 1st hole. That is not a good thing. #PGAChampionship 
"The Undertaker defeated Brock Lesnar via submission at Sunday night's WWE SummerSlam event;   however, the... 
I want to see Amy Schumer Saturday so badddddd 
@user it may be different but the ending would still see Rousey with the W. 
@user Foo Fighters counterprotested the Westboro Baptist idiots before their concert in KC Friday night. Genius 
Friday and Saturday you can catch me at the Leicester Square Theatre in London @user (tickets still available) 
"Monta Ellis : """"We can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the East""""" 
Peter Dinklage talks Game of Thrones season six, and how he let his hair down ... - Herald Sun 
@ Lomeli12_ C'mon man. Google. (I think about to connect to decode" @ kyhwana I feel silly. I just about 13% bet... 
"The curse that is Sunday mornings at the Nationals strikes again, drew 1 - 1 with Barbarians but finish top of their league." 
Demon Gaze, a next-gen Dungeon RPG for the the PlayStation Vita [1st trailer and screens] 
"Next Thirst, Fri, Sat nights @user will be here. Original signed pic on the Agora office wall 
Last hectic day in office b4 3 weeks in ASIA. 1st to IFEAT in Singapore. Then Taiwan, HK, CHINA.Then 3 wks of jet lag!Gets to me every time! 
In 2 days Barcelona will play the 1st UCL group stage game of the season, at home vs APOEL. It will be Messi's 31st opponent in Europe 
H&M’s fashion against AIDS collection is available on April 26th. 25% of the sale price goes to AIDS prevention. 
"Hannibal" may have ended but you can still express your love for your "murder husband" and Hannibal with this... 
The 3rd KIBOU concert for victims of the Japan Earthquake is happening tomorrow at 7.30pm - details here: 
"WWE Smackdown returns to Phx Oct. 27 @ US Airways Center. See World Champion Seth Rollins, the Divas &amp; more. @user 
Who left the door unlocked in Tuesday’s Wizards game?  Our @user breaks it down. 
@user it’ll prolly sound like the 1st Pluto which was ................... ok, I wonder if he gone have Kanye on it 
West Indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala 
A good read about what's happening to Minecraft in schools... 
It's Shrimp Saturday all day!! // Cheer on the #Royals vs. the White Sox tonight at 6:10pm. // Come on in for... 
"Kris Bryant is the 4th best base runner in the league, according to the stat BsR... Didn't expect that" 
i'm going to see Paper Towns with my brother tomorrow we might kill each other before we leave the theater 
@user @user """"See what I just did"""" sound s like you saw Billy Crystal in Mr. Saturday Night. Yes?" 
"With Nunes/Holm/Pena all carving out potential paths to title shots, the cupboard may not be as bare for Rousey as we thought." 
Meet the fighter who believes she may be ready for Rousey (Yahoo Sports) 
"So tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day in America, but not exactly Canada. See, this is why you Americans are so fucking fat." 
Tomorrow at school I'm just going to think of Zayn's selfies so my day will be less terrible 
School tonight until 10:30, fire academy tomorrow from 6am to 4pm and than 6am until 10pm #workhard #success 
Sunday frustrated Sunday! Sung in the manner of U2. Hello Hello! #U2 #yeahyeahyeah 
"Owl Dustin johnson always gets himself into contention. Then goes on a coke binge come the saturday night, and then totally blows up." 
@user lol yep looks like it! Was after El Clasico on Sunday. I didn’t like her lol and this doesn’t look serious so I’m cool lol 
Nipsey hussle and dom Kennedy this sat @user you down? 
"When Ice Cube dropped the Friday reference, straight gold" 
Kendrick sets the bar on that Black Friday shit got damn #TDE 
Scott Walker: 'I hope in the future we'll re-establish the Patriot Act' - Washington Times 
I wish Hillary would sign off her 3rd person tweets with 'Aides say'.... 
@user That sounds like Del Mar to me, mostly because of the """"San Diego County Fair"""" #butitshouldbeDelMarFair" 
#WhenOnAPlaneYouShould do a Temple Run game in the 1st class. 
Remember to join the Springboks at 3pm tomorrow at Orlando Stadium to watch their open training session as they... 
This is not being shared with you by the mainstream press - it is coming to you from March Against Monsanto... 
How much is it to get film developed at Walgreens? Anyone know? C’mon I’m your boi 
@user David Taylor?  A few yrs ago, whn he 1st came 2 stl, he went by apostle. My hubs used 2 play for his services. 
"Antwon Blake on whether he'll take the first snap at cornerback Thursday vs Tom Brady: ""I believe so.""" 
Snoop Dogg will NOT be performing at the @user on Wednesday night at Chevy Court. #LocalSYR 
"RT @user Tomorrow, people. RT @user Wisconsin Recall, Part Two: Fleebaggers face the music 
@user I started SOA but couldn’t really get into in after the 7th episode. But I’ll definitely check out Spartacus 
"RT @user RT @user Free agent WR Jerricho Cotchery, traveling to Baltimore tonite to begin visit with Ravens. Visit ..." 
@user i could pick up my dog, my 2nd cousin and david beckham and still get top 3 at that event, pls win it 
Am I hallucinating? Did Newsnight just photoshop George Osborne's face onto Theresa May's body? 
@user what time do Gucci foams go on sale on Friday? Thanks for the help 
The U.S. Justice Department sided with Planned Parenthood in its court battle with Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) Monday night, telling a 
Win tickets to see Manchester City v Ajax with Ford!: Source: --- Thursday, November 0... #MCFC 
@user @user Super Eagles goalkeeper Carl Ikeme is the only player Sunday Oliseh has in this flat-footed team 
So according to Martial Law act,  the 2016 election may not happen Obama might stay in office... 
@user Are you about for trials on Friday night if so I will see if Thor is available to join us? 
going down to SG on 31st................Scape has a Halloween event on that day..  ....halloween.. 
I think I am going to take this trip to Raleigh on Saturday! 
@user sat here and rewatched Nicki's opening and that is all for tonight 
Tomorrow : The Red Devils are going to meet The Gunners , Manchester United against Arsenal , 8:45PM Live On ESPN & ESPN HD . #GGMU 
@user did u hear the Oreos 3rd basemen Tom Brady is free! 
"Going to Summersville tomorrow! If you wanna tag along, get on FB &amp; ask Sarah Starks if it's chill for you to go! #SuperPumped #YayCamping" 
The whole WAC12 smack makes me feel like the spoiled rich kid, may be driving dad's Bentley... But still driving a Bentley. 
I honestly think what we're seeing with Fabregas is really him and why Barca were quick to part ways. Last August-November was a one-off 
Jump in the cage! Would you turn your back on a shark for a selfie? This was on Sunday's twilight tour #sharkdiving 
@user and March is a funny month considering that will be the year anniversary since Zayn left 
"New York man plotted to harm Muslims, Obama with X-ray device: prosecutor 
Size 11 in the Gucci foams tomorrow $300 
ARRIVAL of ship: NMS 202 Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 6:21AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approach... 
Starting my work week Sunday at KFC if I can make it in 
The Late-October Best Picture Oscars Predictions You’ve Been Waiting For:      Coverage of the Oscars has reache... 
@user any idea or best guess when the PS4 digital download might go live on Monday? 
@user do you have info for The Vamps in Brussels tomorrow? 
@user hi! Is it still possible to purchase Sam Smith Nov 21 concert tickets? What are the prices? :) thanks! 
News:  Picture of potential opponent for @user debut on the @user card in Milan on 26th of September 
New photo of Prince William and Prince George on Princess Charlotte's July 8th christening day relea 
"I had this written at like half 6 today and almost forgot to post it!   Featuring Wilco, Ant-Man, WHAS and more." 
Prep football: Brighton and Northglenn put on their track shoes Friday night ... and the Bulldogs outran the Norse 69-48. 
This may well be the end of my tv and PS4 controller but I am gonna play some AW. Wish me luck 
RT @user RT @user Former teammates of Pavol Demitra reflect on their fallen friend after the Lokomotiv plane crash in Russia ... 
"Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh, has hailed Odion Ighalo after his goal against Evert... #badotweet" 
"4-3 Everett the final. Shots 36-35 POR. PP: EVT 2/7, POR 0/3. Hawks back at it Wednesday night in Tri-City taking on Prince George." 
275 photos of 01 Oct 2014 Rock on Dandiya Nite at Sangam University Bhilwara Just Beat it - Grab it in Picasa Web 
Ellen DeGeneres sits down with Caitlyn Jenner Tuesday! #EllenShow #IamCait 
Nooww it's September 2 and we still don't have our schedules PRINCE GEORGE WAS GOOD? 
"However, I may or may not have shed a tear since it was the first video without Zayn #DragMeDownMusicVideo @user 
Finding out @user is an Arsenal fan has broken my heart a little bit. Still, going to be great to have him back Saturday. 
The Apple Watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what's truly important in life, like their iPhones. 
Just 5 days left for the E! RED Carpet Live Jewelry Fashion show!SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4. RSVP SEATING is LIMITED!... 
Winter Storm Watch in effect for parts of the mountains- including Asheville- from Monday morning to late Tuesday. #avl #wnc #sandy 
Ok Frank Ocean may be like 10 days late but I got email updates along with my Tumblr notifications on fleek. BOYS DON'T CRY COME MY WAY 
ATTN *FAMILY & SUA’S FRIENDS (if he even got any.Lol) *SATURDAY NIGHT COME OUT & CELEBRATE MY BIG BRUH *JOSUA TO’OMALATAI’S C-DAY AT PEACOCC 
@user though to be fair, that tweet was from january after the Charlie Hebdo attacks and has since been deleted" 
@user a) I only just now found out about Force Friday what the hell. b) Amazon Prime those blasters. 
I'm more concerned about Barack getting his 3rd term wish through Michelle Obama than I am uncle Joe. Just saying. 
'Angela Merkel' stars in lesbian magazine ad: Wednesday sees the launch of new magazine "Straight," aimed at g... 
@user rumors say that may be possible. Also the home console specs are similar to PS4 &amp; XBONE. Handheld specs are gr8r than PS Vita 
The only things I took from the 1d concert tonight were that AC/DC is going to be in Detroit on September 8th, &amp; I am still a piece of trash 
Listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt #np on #SoundCloud.  So ready for the collab album. 
@user @user he's off to barca in January 
SPX was in a 35pt range for about a month in Aug/Sept. 35pt range also in the last few hours. 
@user Don't forget, Nintendo was supposed to have 3rd party support for the WiiU launch. Still dumb they didn't have a backup plan 
Me: briana you're room has been like this since the 8th grade  Bri: calm down I got new blinds 
just a thursday. #monstertruckrally #firsttimeforeverything @user @ Pomona Fairplex 
Did i mention i'm going to see Foo Fighters tomorrow? 
@user @user #AskChrisHemsworth Do you know Chris Evans may enjoy your Diet? Captain America is now stronger than Thor ;-) 
Jose Abreu drove in two runs and scored one for the White Sox on Sunday.: Jose Abreu was 1-for-4 with a run sc... 
This Saturday!  Come see what it’s like to train for the NFL Combine at Body Space Fitness.  Click the link below... 
If I’m a CiCi’s buffet, these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese Catholics on the last Friday of Lent. 
The show just ended! Voting is open until 7am EST tomorrow! TY ALL!!  2 ways to vote:  Google "AGT" and click GARY!!! 
November 1st 2003: Manchester United vs Portsmouth. Cristiano Ronaldo scores his first goal for #MUFC at the age of 18 yrs - 269 days old. 
Seven has 6 shows in top 15, ABC 2nd with 5, Nine third with 4. Ten and SBS rate 0.  
@user Bless you Aphrodite  Happy Eid and May Allah accept and multiply all what you do for your society and all its members. 
@user I have don my login for the 21st and it won't let me have my Randy orton 
Duke Energy CEO Jim Rogers addressed the Democratic National Convention Thursday afternoon 
David Cameron's appointment of 45 new peers may be intended to undermine the authority of @user - 
I'm performing at this benefit with @user tonight Mike D is DJing as well gonna be fun! #lefooding #benefit 
picking up Tom Brady in the 7th round was a steal 
Bernie Sanders is right: Saudi Arabia is more focused on the conflict in Yemen than fighting ISIS via PolitiFact 
"Nicki may be thinking it's better to confront her, as other people will think they can try it too. Which is true. Just my opinion." 
"Such a pity. Harrington drops 2 shots on the 6th. Now 3 off the lead - as is Paul Dunne, both on -11... Zach &amp; Scott on -14" 
Jesus Shuttlesworth Heat Vs Lakers Ralph McQuarrie #top100femalelies Is Lamar Odom really going to the D League ?http://t.co/Mz75m6JH 
"With the lights out #[box] by nirvana (us) (cd, #nov-2004, 3 #discs, dgc), LINK: 
I'm sad about going into 6th year so I'm watching John Cena videos and it's helping so much 
Seth Rollins kicks off #RAW and he may have a message for Sting. 
David De Gea's future is still making headlines. He's 11/4 with @user to join Real Madrid in January - 
1st day of practice brings a prediction: This is the year... Northwestern finally breaks through and makes the NCAA Tournament. 
@user not a lot. Id love to go to the Pride Parade on Sunday except it's suppose to rain. How about you? 
My dad just asked him to join him in February on a business trip to Iran ... Ummm what u think? 
I can’t help but wonder while at the Washington Monument why they didn’t utilize the grounds to create a huge sun dial 
Blackpool Illuminations are the the biggest temporary light show in the World. This is between 31 August - 4... 
@user inaccurate reporting on Watchman. Its the 1st book HL wrote after many revisions by request of publisher came To kill A mockingbird! 
@user Ryan Grant or Felix Jones in the 5th round!!!! HURRY!!! I already have Tony Romo and Dez so idk about FJtheres also steve j 
US stocks down on Greek crisis: US shares were closed lower Wednesday, erasing earlier gains, after the market w... 
Floyd Mayweather has just revealed his opponent in his last fight ever on September 12.   Will you watch it? 
World should appreciate incredible restraint Israel is showing in the face of repeated attacks against its citizens! 
"According to the official website of MSG, Brock Lesnar will be at the WWE Live Event on Oct 3rd in NYC, NY. 
Anonymous’ WikiLeaks like Project Tyler to Launch in December: A hacker, who claims to be a member of the hackin... 
check this out Cyborg says she wants to fight Rousey in April: Cyborg says she wants to fight ... #sports #online 
You know you Gucci &amp; Lauryn hill &amp; a bunch of other ppl are here on September 12 
Can you imagine a Night under the Sun in Takoradi for a Digital and Analog games night for Christians and all?... 
"I wonder how DJ Pooh feels about the scene in ""Straight Outta Compton"" where Ice Cube writes the ""Friday"" script all by himself." 
I'm just wondering what will happen with Seth Rollins and John Cena at Monday Night Raw 
@user I once sat next to an actor out of Game of Thrones on the tube. Doesn't mean I'm friends with said actor. 
Paul Dunne now tied for 19th through 13 holes. He is 4-over on the day and 8-under overall. 
#us Tom Brady discusses dealing with 'tough situation': Tom Brady addressed reporters Sunday and express... #news 
@user @user Theophrastus (371-287 BC) wrote about cabbage. Will read more to see who may have written about Monsanto. 
Go Set a Watchman is out tomorrow! We're open at 8:00am so you pick it up before work. Still time to preorder for half price today #GSOW 
Frank Gifford: The Glory Game: How the 1958 NFL Championship Changed Football Forever by Frank Gifford (18-Nov-2008)  
Going to see duelo tomorrow at the lonestar park :) 
Francesca is leaving Milan tomorrow and I don't know how to feel about this 
Who going to Club Bodi tomorrow 
@user Like Ric Flair's 16th World Title everyone gets all worked up about? Nash literally handed it to him. Lost it about an hour later. 
"So, who's coming over tomorrow night to watch Sharknado 3 with me?" 
RT @user Register now for the Florida Direct Marketing Association's Nonprofit Summit on August 18! 
Several @user games with Indy implications Sat. MSU vs Mich and NEB vs NW results may determine a driver in the crowded Legends race. 
I’m sharing my candy with Lyric, Alena, Dejanae and Marquell tomorrow =) 
"As the September 5 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier against Tanzania draws nearer, former Super Eagles... 
Hey @user feel like coming to Edmonton on the 11th with your tour buddies @user #wouldntmind #summerjam 
Eid is on the 11/9/2015 check your lunar calendar not the gregorian deadbeat one 
Seth McFarlane set to host the 85th Academy Awards in February. What do you think of that choice? 
Goodnight, Twitter. I will see you tomorrow- when everyone is done talking about the Justin Bieber concert. 
"My name is Lucatiel. I beg of you, remember my name. For I may not myself... - Lucatiel of Mirrah, Dark Souls 2" 
Welp let's see if Tony Romo can put me over the top today #fantasyfootball 
Oct 30 1974- The Rumble in the Jungle boxing match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman takes place in Kinshasa, Zaire 
"the day after newark ill be able to say """"i met demi lovato yesterday and im meeting demi lovato tomorrow""""" 
#RedSox Pablo Sandoval was scratched from the Red Sox' lineup Friday due to mid-back tightness.  
@user Lol. Does he seem like a Poch type of player? Or one that would fit in our wage structure? Or play 2nd fiddle to Kane? No. 
Next Sunday, the 15th, were having our 2nd Comic Book Swap meet at the Apothecarium! Comics, games, movies, more #ComicSwapMeet 
"If anyone at RCHS wants their picture in the Yearbook of them """"Just Hanging Out"""" with friends message me before Friday!!! #InDesperateNeed" 
"Sprint getting Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 with LTE support, on November 11th 
No kidding: Saudi Arabia's coalition against terrorists may not be what it seems 
@user Did you tell Rio in the weeks before Rudd was knifed there would be no mining tax introduced in the May 10 budget? 
Seeing Ed Sheeran on Thursday means I have to miss the Big Brother live eviction episode. The struggle. 
"We are no longer where we were on 7 January, when the rampage began at the offices of Charlie Hebdo. The war has... 
Sep 09 - 10:00 AM - Yin Yang Yoga with Andrea 6:30 PM - Hand Drumming Class 
"Kanye West,did you say this was your ""I want people to LIKE me"" speech? You may need to work on that. Let's start with definition of ""like""." 
Is it true? Is it true? Apple Watch's here? (Para namang may balak ako bumili hahahaha) 
I just found out Naruto didn't become the 5th Hokage.... 
@user Friday AMs, I bring Mom to IHOP in Shrewsbury, then across the street to Trader Joes. Such is my life. #NoPersonalLife 
"I do agree that Rahul Gandhi may not say the most wisest things in public, but let's not forget how media portrays. 
Heck of a bounce back by Dustin Johnson to be under par after an 8 on the 1st #PGAChampionship #WhatCouldHaveBeen 
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. -Bruce Lee" 
pre PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with suf 
@user we may be seeing it more with him and Welbeck together. 
Sam Smith's Bond Theme Song For 'Spectre' Drops September 8: Report: Adele sang the theme song for Daniel Crai... 
Dustin Johnson leading the #PGAChampionship ...until the 3rd round of course when he naturally falls apart. 
Check out this weeks the @user Scoop column looking back on Sat Nights win over the Thunder! #smashemsixers #BBL02 
@user She may be best person for the job but #Transparency means Kerry should have announced it at the same time he hired her. Sheesh. 
"Saw Col. Deering / Erin Gray ystrdy, starting off Sunday with Gil Gerard (Buck Rogers) panel, room 121 at Phoenix Comicon! @user #phxcc" 
"If I get my C in health and social on my essay on the transgender community tomorrow , I will thank Caitlyn Jenner myself" 
#openfollow Hear lost interview of MLK Jr.: A Tennessee man finds a long lost interview with Mar... #teamfollowback 
I can't believe Murray has to play on the junior varsity court in the 4th round of the U.S. Open 
@user So we probably wont hang that long okay? I wanna see you before you leave China. :D Oh are you going tomorrow? 
Hope weather clears for Thursday's mission to Shoeless Joe's Courtice for first day back at work #noworkforme @user 
"Kris Bryant is having a rough week, and it's on Tuesday. #Cubs" 
"celebrating my new pulsar 220, iphone 6 &amp; 3rd day of Eid at Gate Way of India &amp; Taj Mahal Hotel - Mumbai 
TRUE: Bernie Sanders: 'Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world' via @user 
Here comes the sun - A jornada musical e espiritual de George Harrison 
me when i think of larry and the new year and the break but remember briana is due in February and babygate wont die 
After the Blood Moon comes the Pumpkin Sun via @user 
@user Luck, Maziel, Winston, Brewer, RG3, Farve out of retirement, Tom Brady in 6th rd, &amp; VY as he came back 4 his degree..." 
"Louis,Niall,Harry,Liam,Zayn auditioned as solo artists on The X Factor the boys became 1D and now their on their 4th album #MillionMemories" 
Patrick Townsend is hosting a webinar on August/26/2015 on overcoming the security challenges on the IBM i.   Time PST:10:00am. EST:1:00pm. 
Okay I'm rewatching that new kurt cobain documentary and I haven't been this far up nirvana's ass since the 8th grade 
@user @user Nirvana - the ultimate 'Home-coming'. Some may take infinitely longer. 
"Court may will think over the Yakub's plea, but just B'coz of @user &amp; @user the matter becomes communal." 
David Cameron MP, Rt Hon Theresa May MP, Boris Johnson: Little Yousef needs You to Help - Sign the ... 
"RT @user Remember in 2008 when Obama said he would fundamentally transform the USA? With the debt downgrade on Friday, we are  ..." 
"Please don't get us wrong, KPOP groups won't come to Barcelona on September 26. It's just a KPOP meeting organized by fanbases :)" 
FM Preview: West Ham United v Sunderland 22 Sep 2012 - FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as West ... 
"Cate Blanchett, sartorial superhero, mixed tricky black separates with aplomb on the red carpet Saturday: 
I hope this fever goes away tonight so we don't have to cancel Bentley's newborn pics tomorrow. #Hopeful 
"From our matrimony and vacations department - the """"Wed ’em ’n’ Spread ’em"""" marriage and honeymoon combo. With daily party rafts to Somalia!" 
Marvel’s Phase Two Kicks Off with ’Iron Man 3’ Trailer on October 23rd:  Briefly: If Halloween i... -danferguson.me 
Watch the #1 ranked Gator swim team take on SEC opponent Texas A Friday, November 2, at 4 pm. 
"Star Wars Weekends may be over, but the """"Carbon-Freeze Me"""" Experience is still open through June 16! 
This Saturday, Cherry Moon will burst with some RAW beatzzz from the masters. You like it RAW??? 
"What are you doing tomorrow night?? Come along to this and hear from one of Kony's wives, abducted as a young... 
There’s gunna be tumbleweed going through Oldham tomorrow night cos everyone will be in birdcage wow 
Jan with the new cat at Royal,Star and Garter #solihull 
France: Friday was last day to exchange the obsolete Franc for Euro, Banque de France said   - Breaking News Buzz 
Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Betro face off ... Let's be honest are you anticipating this fight on September 12th? 
@user I got a call from bcc saying the college is open but Christian texted my dad saying BCA doesnt have school tomorrow 
Urban Outfitters. 10% off with College ID til Sunday night. (Doesnt matter how old it is). I hope someone brings their ID from ages ago. 
@user ""I'm Ellen Snider and I once survived a 3rd degree hand burn trying to make smores dip &amp; watch Miss USA when I was 20.""" 
@user try your third year in a place equilavilent to Leeds festival toilets on the Sunday. 
Sum chelsea fans in their dreams believe Hazard is the 3rd best player in the world afta Messi and Ronaldo. Not sure they've heard of Muller 
Friday starts with playing Smells Like Teen Spirit - Nirvana #CLT 
Film Independent Spirit Awards attendees react to Times’ recent study of the membership of the motion picture academy 
@user I think staying with Cole , idk.though . I might come to Lima sat . 
I wanted Ric Flair to be the 3rd judge 
so louis is with danielle while briana is in her 8th trimester? right 
Published on Sep 2, 2015 Tonight's news focuses on the deal with Iran and the fact Obama ghas the enough Senate... 
Long day yesterday. Started here at Manawaiopuna Falls. You may know them from Jurassic Park... #Kaua'i #Hawai'i 
"Soooo my friend, Mari, is selling two Sam Smith concert tickets for $275 to his concert in the Maverick Center in Salt Lake on October 2nd." 
George Zimmerman will face court June 10th for the murder of Trayvon Martin. 
"Caitlyn Jenner wears a swimming suit for the 1st time in public, but refuses a Kim Kardashian-type suit. MORE PHOTOS: 
"Same is done by Pakistan Army in #Awaran #Balochistan since the 1st Day of Eid, what's the difference btw them two? 
@user ’These birds dont buy the sun’ banner at the Carling Cup Final for Mikey Dye and the 96 #DontBuyTheSun 
"I know what I'm doing the 24th, preoredering Calibraska by Jack and Jack!" 
"#PHOTO Briana on IG  ""Ready for some #risenation work it out on your Sunday's. #brianatellsall coming soon to you."" 
@user you're missing the whole point onto what Nicki was trying to say. it may be mtv wasn't racist, but many times" 
"Yakub case: Justice Dave refuses to stay the death warrant for July 30, Justice Kurian says capital punishment will not be executed. - PTI" 
@user was it strange filming for the 1st time without Zayn?  #1D 
"Come see the Performing Arts Institute performance of """"West Side Story"""" at the Kirby Center in Wilkes Barre PA on August 2 and 3 at 8 pm" 
I might go to the Redskins game Sunday 
@user RKBA was specifically mentioned Gay marriage may (or not) be under the banner of a different right But RKBA was specific 
Give me a promo in the video.dont forgetRT @user The Announcement video is coming out tomorrow!! You guys will be aware of everything. 
@user Game 3 of the Finals will be played this coming Friday,1pm at the Smart Araneta Coliseum. Game will be aired LIVE over at TV5." 
Update: 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes' Takes in Nearly $20M on Friday - Christian Post 
Rick Perry's presidential campaign lost its second co-chair in Iowa on Monday as it continues to hemorrhage staff because of deep 
Still tryin 2 figure out the name of the 1st song De La Soul played last night 
Check out Sir Terry Leahy article in Saturday’s Telegraph Weekend section re why he invested in GCSE Maths resource 
I'm speaking at the @user #Under30Summit EMEA. 600 other young entrepreneurs are gathering April 3-7 in Israel. 
"#Nepal #NepalWomen Iran men march into final: Sri Lanka, however, entered the women's fina... #Hinduism #Nepalese" 
Might have to start watching new sports when United announce Kane on Tuesday. That will end my love affair with football. 
@user @user Think I may pop down with BA for the day to LHR at some point one Sat/Sun. Want to get a decent shot of the IRA 
"Fernando Alonso has already signed for McLaren according to Niki Lauda, who claims he signed last Thursday" 
'Lady Gaga' appeared on Saturday 19 at the 5th place in the Top20 of Greece's Trends: #trndnl 
I was just reminded by @user that tomorrow is International Talk Like A Pirate Day. #whimsy 
3 yard TD run get Calhoun even with East at 7-7. 5:53, 1st Q, 
@user I may have over did the score but I still think Alabama is gunna win 
Gucci host you acquiescence january fetch up the set of two yours personality by annexation in consideration o... 
David Beckham and Gordon Ramsay were spotted attending a Major League Soccer match between LA Galaxy and the Seattle Sounders on Sunday. 
Just like they say it in the sun until the dawn lets marvin Gay and get it on 
@user but idk when i'm gonna get around to hannibal and i know wonderfalls is just a season, so i may just tide myself over with that 
Allyn's Crawfish boil tomorrow.  I'll be there sometime between 5 and 6.  Come in and have a beer with me and eat some mudbugs! 
Murray down 0-30 but strings four in a row to stay alive. Up 6-5.  Can break here to win the set and serve first again in the 2nd... 
"Rolling Stone named Obama the 9th best SNL cast member of all-time, but I don't think he was better than David Spade." 
"House confidence vote on bribing, decree due tomorrow: (AGI) Rome - The House expressed confidence in the govern... 
Niall's leg hair will fry if he keeps letting it be under the sun 
Nokia n97 doll - bring off the entirety paphian despite warrantable wed signature: cTciFT 
#MTVStars Lady Gaga Dick dick dick the time is dicking away.. voting closes 10 a.m. dec 15 tweet #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
@user who do you think should win this Sunday: the undertaker or Brock Lesnar? 
Jose Iglesias /  Igleisas started at shortstop Wednesday night for the second #MLB #BOS 
@user @user @user @user And the Constitution says that SCOTUS decides what is constitutional.  We may not agree. 
@user And I live in Zachary, but I might try to stay with someone next Friday. 
David Wright played the full nine innings at 3B for St. Lucie today. He went 3-for-4 with a run scored. He is expected to return Monday. 
"#itweetFEEDS This is a bittersweet moment for Tom Brady. On Friday, the NFL star spoke out on... #ff @user 
@user Paul Mccartney said ""he didn't lose a wife, he lost a girl friend"" when his 1st wife died. apparently they spent one night" 
#redsox Extra Bases: Varitek named assistant to the GM: The Red Sox on Thursday named Jason Varitek as a special... 
The earliest you can complete your 2013-2014 FAFSA is January 1st and our priority deadline is March 1st. You must fill one out every year! 
Bumper day for @user in @user tomorrow - extract from new Tom Wolfe + Sylvie Simmons on Leonard Cohen 
"What a play by Arrieta, but the execution isn't finished by Kris Bryant. E-5, his 14th error of the season. #CrosstownCup" 
Federer is through to his 15th straight 4th round at the US Open. He's 8-4 with two other wins by walkover. 
#Spectre: Sam Smith confirmed to sing the theme song of 24th James Bond film.  @user  
#beritaterkini Bryant's HR in 9th lifts Cubs to 9-8 win over Rockies: Kris Bryant's two-run homer with two out... 
MacGyver is streaming on Netflix and the theme song forces memories of 6th grade pining for Richard Dean Anderson. It's still kind of there. 
@user @user @user have you guys got ur Eric church tix yet? Prices go up August 1st 
Top 3 players in the world? Has to be: Suarez/Ronaldo/Messi.  Only reason Messi is 3rd is because he's not proven in EPL. La liga is poor 
I'm being told that tonight is Monday Night Raw at the house at 8 p.m. Here's to hoping John Cena makes an appearance. 
"1 nov 12, """"...South Korea continued to have the highest average connection speed, followed by Japan and Hong... 
threatening to send the IRA is like the Irish kid's equivalent of telling people not to come to school tomorrow 
"Syrian bishop: ""If the war continues, as seems likely...all the Christians will leave Syria."" 
@user Doubt game be on Saturday tbh Ducks is one of the goal mouths 
"Been to dunkin donuts so much that ravish now says ""see you tomorrow"" ..." 
@user with the 28th pick...the #packers select Some fat punter out of Wichita St. 
@user I get in around noon!!! And I’m coming to PCA all day Friday :) #alumnireturning 
tfw the 2nd The Hunger Games movie is on Amazon Prime but not the 1st one I didn't watch 
@user Haven't seen it yet. Caught end of Murray loss lights and interview. SVP is that dude though. 1st show. 
@user You going to the Lair tailgate on Saturday? 
moment of silence for all barbz that will get bombarded by their teachers and classmates talking about Nicki tomorrow. 
"Reading ""Vanishing Grace"" - answer this, ""When have you felt loved?"" - Is Love the 1st word that comes to mind when you think of Christians?" 
@user any advise on how to get U2 tickets for the 9th, need two GA?" 
@user haven't you though that the Christians may be right and all the evil that islam does you will all go to hell. 
"The only way to make Jurassic World safe is to stop genetically modifying dino DNA." - I may have drifted off. #BrownSpeech 
@user @user @user has said his protest is about the successful operation of terminating IRA operatives on a Sunday 
"New Shepard Fairey print: """"Oh Susannah"""" will be released October 18th via @user .  Check it out! 
Bush campaign may have Trump by the nuts - they have a new TV spot showing Trump saying Hillary best qualified to negotiate Iran deals 
"Holm only stunned Ronda Rousey, Joe ""Dumbfuck"" Rogan who all actually believed the hype train Dana White created 
GST: Govt yields ground but Congress may not budge unless Rahul Gandhi gets credit - - Propping up the #Pappu! 
"Saw my 1st Volkswagen """"TWAT"""" today. Take a Jetta, lose the J, then spell TEAT, then turn the E sideways to get a W" 
"Paul McCartney's daughter, Stella, and Ringo Starr's son, Zak, share the same birthday: September 13th." 
Broadcasting tonight at 7:30/8 pm edt. More MGS V: The Phantom Pain (PS4) ... tomorrow will be Destiny! (PS4) #heroofgaming 
Okay I'm going to watch Dexter and Hannibal and get high and sleep because fuck Monday. 
I just went on my old iPod and found selfies from like 6th and 7th grade. I think I'm scarred for life. 
I really think I'm the only one that don't find chris brown or august alsina cute 
If I said Lady Gaga is at Britney Spears' concert tonight.... would you hold it against me??? #BritneyGaga #clicheHIAMplug 
Gordon Brown &amp; Tony Blair dressed by the same person for Whitehall #RemembranceSunday event? 
The real Mitt Romney: ranting about Mormonism, Jerusalem, the 2nd Coming during commercial break on radio - video: 
 It was a monday night when you told me it was over babe. - Sam Smith 
I want to watch The Vow, so guess whose gonna watch that tomorrow night,.with tissues?! ---->>> Thiss girl :)) 
@user   Not the right place but Jews and Israel are not the same, also Isis and Arabs and Muslims, may be one day you will know" 
@user it comes out NOV 13 if it does come out.  Nintendo is notorious for rumors trust me ha 
#STORYLINE : Kanye West - I am Running for President ........  #TaylorSwift may have won the most Moonmans on... 
"It's August 14th. David Price, who takes the mound tonight, wears no. 14. Also, #BlueJays are looking to go 14-0 with Tulo in the lineup." 
1st dress in this is McQueen from his very last collection I wore it to the MTV awards w/ 3 discharged gay soldiers. 
Richard Bland carded a 2nd round 6-under 66 to surge into a 1-shot lead at the Italian Open. #SSGolf 
Wild rush for their 4th TD of the night. The Wichita Wild have pushed their lead to 59-35 over the Allen Wranglers... 
Mark Cuban on the Apple TV's possible future 
"Gigaom Search Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it 
"Today in Beatles History (April 10, 1970): Paul McCartney makes the announcement that The Beatles have officially split up." 
MTV News Exclusive: On the Set of the F Word: Daniel Radcliffe talks to MTV News on the set of The F Word.Added: Fri Oct 19 06:57:16 ... 
Derrick Williams and @user check in to tonight’s game. Budinger with a long 2! #Twolves up 20-17 with seconds left in the 1st. 
Don't know the Arsenal's history and don't understand anything about football. Impressive... 
UFC's Dana White says Holly Holm will wait for Ronda Rousey: Holly Holm may want to fight sooner than a rematc... 
#rivalryweek 2 out of 4 today Mets beat the phillies Yankees lose to the Red Sox on a 9th inning 2-out grand slam robbery 
@user Playing a show in Eugene tomorrow w/ Bill more @ the Black Forest. If you’re still around pop on by! 
"Don't miss the Christmas #Soccer Cup!BST vs Nottingham University Medics Football Club!Friday 18/12 at 9pm, field Forza e Coraggio in Milan!" 
Dustin Johnson about to be off the wagon after another Sunday in a major. 
#F2S Saints Trip Moved - Everton’s January trip to Southampton has been resheduled after it was selected for live te... 
interview with H&M tomorrow at half 12. ME NERVES. 
Sunday marks the end of Daylight Saving Time. Remember to turn your clocks back one hour before going to sleep... 
Anyone at all wanna see Paper Towns on Friday with me? I'll buy the popcorn 
The #Undertaker and Brock Lesnar will be in the SAME arena at the SAME time THIS MONDAY on #Raw!  #SummerSlam 
At chayas on Tuesday me Courtney Callum and Carl all cabbaged on the couch to sleep and Courtney had a spasm cos she dreamt that she’d fell 
Who will take the stage in the first Republican Debate this Thursday in Cleveland? Will Ohio Governor John Kasich... 
@user fuck this...I'll see if you win tomorrow cause I'm gonna go Netflix &amp; chill with myself, later 
Cali: what does 6 mean Me: what is the date of Independence Day Cali: when is Independence Day? I'm gunna go look it up  Me: it's July 4 
@user remember I’m not in tomorrow morning! And Laurin’s got the court thing tomorrow all day, I should be back for about 10.30x 
#skateboarding Justin Bieber skateboarding backstage at the Billboard Hot ... - #RT #Retweet 
Who wants to see Maya Rudolph sing Prince with my Thursday night 
"Omg kim Kardashian has her own kimojis not fair,what's this women gonna come up with next 
Check it out Saturday - Grateful Dead songs, wine paired via @user 
in this pic Dana White is either immensely proud of his fighters or a creepy perv and I'm not sure which one it is 
Welcome to the 305 Veep @user Joe Biden kicking off a two-day visit South Florida, Wednesday. 
@user Red Sox may move up to 4th place after tonight. #GoldBottles 
Today is the 1st Int’l Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome Awareness Day. Take a moment to learn about LGS. @user 
"Lawyers argue that Yakub filed mercy plea 4 1st time on Wednesday.so,he shd get 14 days' time before hanging. @user 
If Paul Dunne wins tomorrow I'm going to feel stupid for not betting a dollar on him #1500-1ods 
Kerry: #Iran agreement not a panacea for the sectarian &amp; extremist violence ripping region apart.  But history may judge it a turning point 
Burgundy Wave: Los Angeles Galaxy vs Colorado Rapids - Game Preview: On Friday September 14th the Colorado Rapid... 
"C'mon, let's make Heart's ""Magic Man"" Kris Bryant's new walkup music 
Johnson to start Sunday as Sale pushed back: Erik Johnson will start for the White Sox in Sunday's series fina... 
"2nd Round: Guess the song  He treats you so bad and I'm so good to you, It's not fair!  First to 5 points gets the DM with Niall!!" 
Taking a litre of fizzy, flavoured water to bed tonight, Super Sunday is gonna result in a mouth like Ghandi’s flip flop! #gacky #rank #beer 
"RT @user Charlie Sheen Roast: Jon Lovitz, William Shatner Join the Mock Fest: Source: www.thewrap.com --- Thursday, Septe... htt ..." 
@user I'm pretty sure it's like Katy Perry's Last Friday Night 
i've just sat and listened to sam smith's album i'm emo 
He also picked Justin Bieber's Baby but c'mon he's just a kid. Ima let that slide. Haha! 
Teens/kids saying that old dude 'Paul McCartney' may have a chance in the music biz! HAHAHA!!! sooo green these... 
November 21 Yung Nation going to be in Monroe at the club its high school night 
@user 2nd the Ryan budget was from many years ago, most recent didn’t include that and Mitt’s said many times he’s the president and.. 
Btw how is Kurt cobain a "flop" when he inspired millions and was in one of the most popular grunge bands?  
"Seeing @user tomorrow at LifeLight! Hoping a cover of ""Bad Blood"" is included in the set list!" 
"Yoga, Ninjas, Junior and Adult Gi Jiujitsu starts tomorrow at 8:30am!!! Don't miss it!" 
Coni is still looking for volunteers for the painting project that is expected to be completed on Saturday, November 10 and November 17. 
No school tomorrow = Tumblr the whole night, till i fall asleep p; 
It looks like Nicki may be very small in person. Well small with a big butt lol. 
the weeknd said that bbtm was coming out aug 28. bbtm came out aug 28. @ frank ocean take notes. 
@user visiting nirvana by the water? Under the sun, I hope?" 
Monday Final Ratings: 'The Voice' &amp; 'Dancing With the Stars' Adjusted Up; 'The Big Bang Theory' &amp; 'Castle' Adjusted 
@user oct 30th in Houston but if you trying to go to Oracle it's the 9th of February. 
I think Joe Paterno went for it on 4th down twice in 40 years. #PennState has gone for it on 4th down twice today. #DizzyInHappyValley 
David Price may not pitch here again until September by my calculations? So if you missed August 3rd then get there August 14th #bluejays 
Anybody wanna go to the Foo Fighters concert Sept 29 in OKC? 
Erdogan, AK Party set to keep grip with interim Turkish cabinet: ANKARA, Aug 21 (Reuters) - President Tayyip E... 
@user Picture is from January - after the Charlie Hebdo attack. 
@user He was. He pulled Eren from Rose. That very night. Possible that he may have injected Mikasa with something as well. She acts - 
A Muslim distinguishes  Islam and Islamism + explains why the 2nd more dangerous than Nazism... to Muslims &amp; others 
"Jara Bangla gaan valobasis, check out the album 'mon kemoner station' by Shreya Ghoshal. amar to daroon lag6e..." 
Well @user you are doing something right: Monsanto Fires Back at Neil Young's Scathing New Album via @user 
"50% done with Every Other Monday, by John Kasich: Has to respect the ""spiritual firewall"" ... 
Was this feeling nirvana or was it the bliss ignorance portrays  What ever it may be its taste lingers on my tongue. 
Someone want to take me to Dunkin' tomorrow before school 
Donald Trump may "say it like it is" but what is the likelihood that he would have a cooperative Congress, Caller? @user 
@user aj wants to go to the pacers game saturday if there is any tickets 
"On the evening of July 6 1957, Paul McCartney was introduced to John Lennon for the first time." 
"With the 25-man squads done, here are some celebrities who didn't quite make it in.1st up is Milan fan @user 
'Machete' star Danny Trejo and David Hasselhoff to guest star in the 4th season of 'Sons of Anarchy' via @user 
AJ went to bed at 8:30 or 9:00 tonight. Kid was tired. There was no stopping it. Hubby and I sat and watched the stuff we usually watch... 
Girls Gone Wild is going to the Quad tomorrow night.... dear god......... 
Erdogan Says he Wil Call Snap Turkey Election on Nov 1 #World 
Kyle Seager went 3-for-4 with a solo home run and a walk in Friday's win over the White Sox. #Mariners #MLB 
Dustin Johnson leading in the 2nd round pretty much guarantees Jordan Spieth will win the PGA 
@user I doubt it was the sun you were probably blaring the Calibraska ep to loud 
Katy Perry after she found out Dr. Luke is producing her new single/album for the 4th time 
@user omdayss , you’re turning sixteen tomorrow , mum sent my cash so im going to do some shopping. anything you want? 
September 5th 1982 the Grateful Dead performed at Glen Helen Regional Park in Devore (audio)... 
@user show at IU was live! Chicago tomorrow @ Reggie’s with @user & Boldy Blocks! 
Sunday at Chambers Bay presents the latest major opportunity for Dustin Johnson #Golf 
It's Sunday night and I'm listening to Chic and the Bee Gees. Get in. 
"Donald Trump didn't show up for the Miss USA competition:  On Sunday, Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma was crowned Mi... 
#Rangers up 3-1 in the 5th. That's what you get for booing Josh Hamilton. #Angels 
Kesha reminds me of 6th grade when all the little ratchets would tease their hair and wear neon colors lmao 
@user Hi Lee my iPhone is currently operating on IOS 6do I have to put IOS7 1st or can upload IOS8 if so how do I go about it ? 
Nigeria's army said late on Sunday that it rescued 178 people held by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in Nigeria's Borno state #News 
More like Taylor wants to stay the hell away from Miley bc she saw how Nicki dragged her Sunday. 
2nd half of the Merseyside Derby. 
"http://t.co/MJpVZLDzaR  Monday, August 17, 2015 Frank Gifford and the 1952 New York Giants by TJ Troup" 
"Katy Perry - ""You just gotta ignite the light, and let it shine! Just own the night, like the fourth of July! Cause baby you're a firework""" 
"The """"Folkrockinpsychedelia"""" show was updated with tracks from Vanilla Fudge,Count Five,Tomorrow,David Axelrod,Gram Parsons,Manassas &amp; more.." 
Gucci pants persona unfearfulness may appear the distich thy esoteric an in coalition into side living in: sKcajbNDF 
"Hey John Cena, guess who else is about to challenge Rollins for his 16th title reign... #raw #sting #tna #wcw 
Reminder: Daylight Savings Time ends on Saturday night / Sunday morning. Set you clocks back an hour and enjoy an... 
New live sound webinar tomorrow at 10 PST with Paul David Hager (Goo Goo Dolls, Avril Lavigne, Devo) - register now at 
Tomorrow's Last Day of Yakub ! Hope it Be done ! Rest In Piece To Yakub  #YakubToHang 
Google+ Hangout with : OCTOBER 27th! 2PM Pacific / 5PM Eastern via #ASKLLCOOLJ #LLCOOLJHangout #KPOPTV #2PM 
"Hulk Hogan may be on the hot seat, but racism in pro wrestling is far from being down for the count 
@user 1st is how reduce clout of RELIANCE in the Govt’s pricing of LPG and other fuels. 
Juncker + #EU want to rule over us for five years but only needs Parliament approval: = #UKIP 4 #BREXIT / @user 
but all seriousness I never played Monster hunter should I get it the 4th one? 
@user 7th & Monroe is also only 2 blocks s, 1 block w of the metro exit on catholic side. Follow MBT signs 
Gucci inexpressibles them belief march rise the twinned thy several toward appreciation till experienced hand ... 
Dont look now but: Brook Lopez had 19 pts & 9 rebs (28mins) in 1st game back from foot injury over weekend. 18 & 11 (25 mins) tonight. 
Because Sunday just screams Pancake Day 
"Disney Infinity 3.0 Star Wars In stock on PS3, PS4, Xbox 360 and Xbox one with Wii u arriving tomorrow and all... 
Amazon Prime Day: Worst Sale Ever or Huge Success? - It was dubbed the next best thing to Black Friday. It caused ... 
OF Josh Hamilton was out of the Rangers' lineup for a third-consecutive game Tuesday with a sore left knee 
"Starting tomorrow through the weekend, at the York Fall Home Show at the York Fairgrounds/Expo Center, you can... 
"Prince George, who celebrates his second birthday on Tuesday 22 July, with his father, the Duke of Cambridge 
Is Scott Walker still undecided on birthright citizenship or did he take some time on Saturday to really think it over? 
George Osborne sat in the House of Commons laughing during talks about the refugee crisis. People actually voted for this? ugly 
I might actually jump through the Nintendo monetization hoops. They'll get ad revenue from it either way. May as well claim some of it :P 
September 15 2012 @user At the Chateau Marmont in West Hollywood  
At the Vitali Klitschko party UDAR meeting in Odessa, near Potemkin Stairs. 27 Sep 2012 
"When Katy perry says ""the blood orange sun"" 
Ok this is 100% not Louis but the 3rd pic does kinda look like Briana I guess idk gotta Zayn   
Who’s going to Concords football game this Saturday? 
Brian Kelly doing a little dance on the sideline after Fuller dropped 3rd down pass that would've been a big gain. 
"Lions taken back to den for repairs: IF YOU follow the Pride In Bournemouth trail today, you might be left scrat... 
First reviews of Lincoln: Steven Spielberg is the one to beat at the Oscars | Herald Sun: 
"9 to 5 will be premiering at the Art Park Players October 12, 13, 14, 19, 20, 21, 26, 27 2012 call 281-794-2448 for more information" 
"I may be in the minority, but I never could get into Frank Ocean's music!" 
"But this is Wednesday something should happen with Zayn!  @user make something happen, were dying here" 
5 Times Oscar winner John Williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the Classical Brit Awards on October 2 at Royal Albert Hall 
To be fair to Keshi he didn't call up many second division players to the Super Eagles just 1st division bench warmers ahead of regulars 
DEPARTURE of ship: AMS 111 Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 4:47AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approa... 
I will be live-tweeting tomorrow's Minnesota Wild vs.Montreal Canadiens game from the X! Stay tuned for in-game...... 
Matt we need to make plans for tomorrow night with some dimes 
A secret rocket ship to kill Sharknado nasa looks like it's from the 70s  #Sharknado3 the hoff may save us all!!! 
So, the rumoured #LFC team was right, & Gerrard, Agger, & Suarez, all play. Big gamble by Rodgers with Everton on Sunday. 
Louis Saha could become the 8th player to score for 6 different PL teams this weekend. Can you name the 7 who’ve already done it? #Quizzage 
NLC procurement team will be attending the North Lincolnshire Business Network meeting on 25 October at the Kingsway Centre, Scunthorpe. 
Terry Collins says David Wright batting 4th is because he kills lefties and because TC didn't want to disrupt top of order that's clicking. 
"Watching ""Red Tails"" 4 the 1st time" 
I liked a @user video Question Tuesday with Cara Delevingne of Paper Towns 
Vronsky in the Philippines? Banana Karenina banished O’Trivia to Siberia last Monday Night at Red Lion Tavern! 
Janet Street Porter shocks viewers as she calls two-year-old Prince George a ''CROSS-DRESSING millionaire'' #EMM 
Did you know that 'Swachh Bharat' was Trending Topic on Sunday 5 for 0 hours in Pune? #trndnl 
"We have our PCC candidate @user speaking at the Morris Hall, Shrewsbury this Friday at 7.30pm. FB event here 
Last game for Jr. High Bearcats/7th grade. On the road at Clarksville, 7th a 5:30, Jr. High at 7 
@user yes, I'm going out in Port Credit tomorrow. Maybe Toronto on Friday night and then The Kee on Saturday. I'm staying in Port Credit." 
"Sonia, Rahul Gandhi may not seek bail in #NationalHeraldCase: SourcesTOI. wow then he going Jail and this is #GoldenDay for all indians ;)" 
Found High School Musical on Netflix...may or may not be watching it. Wish you were here @user 
Did you know that 'David Wright' was Trending Topic on Monday 24 for 4 hours in Miami? #trndnl 
Josh Hamilton (knee) was activated but the #TexasRangers may only use him as a pinch-hitter down the stretch. #MLB 
Tomorrow there will be a new Miss Teen USA. Make sure you follow the current @user Danielle Doty's personal account @user 
For a freebie on Sunday the Limelight Night @ Rich Mix from 7pm showing free horror films - get on the guest list here: 
"As of August 16, Roman Reigns, Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins have worked the most matches so far for the year.... 
@user son I saw a house last night was 1.9 mil behind hella trees that looked like the palace from Aladdin no bullshit lol 
"If you're at Marton Mere from the 3- 28 Sept,you can take the Blackpool Illuminations open top tour bus at 8.30pm Mon-Fri to see the lights!" 
Unexpected 4th Generation iPad Announced At Apple Special Event: Remember how the 3rd gener... 
@user I hear you are visiting Anchorage AK on Monday? And meeting Dallas Seavey? Is the event open to the general public? 
@user Hi, do you have any idea what time the Foo Fighters gig is due to finish tomorrow night? Thanks!" 
nickelodeon slimefest is on saturday 15th of September at the Hordern Pavilion near moore park feat. justice crew, stan walker and many more 
Come watch us play tomorrow at the Hoosier Dome ! 
Janet Jackson Misses Grammy Deadline on Purpose with New ... 
"Kanye West will perform the entire 808s &amp; Heartbreak"" Album on September 25th at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. 
Usain Bolt lookin' like he running like that one kid in school who was a little -too- into Naruto. 
@user do not get into kpop  u may or may not be able to control urself and the storage in ur phone bc of saving too much pics 
@user Leonard Martin category """"Saturday Not Live"""" movies with Chris Farley, Phil Hartman or John Belushi" 
"March 25 : OTRA Jakarta, my OTRA March 25 : Zayn officially left 1D  see the struggle?! #5monthswithoutzayn" 
RT @user Suengyeon said that 'Kamilia is Miracle' in the fanmeeting in Japan yesterday. 
@user jk. Wasn't sure.  But the killers, green day, fall out boy, and foo fighters were all i had on my ipod when i got it in 2nd grade" 
Zulu is the 26th largest mother tongue of Christians (10.4 million), representing 0.5% of all Christians. 
Nothing is going to change between now and Wednesday. If Acta has went this long w/o being canned, might as well finish the season w/him. 
"Kim Kardashian's holiday gift to you? Boobs, butt and ugly crying emojis: Kim Karashian may be the weirdest se... 
@user Lmbo! O yea? Ayye you know they taking us to Harold Washington tomorrow for that college stuff 
"Bad Blood has women from multiply races in the video, Anaconda has girls shaking their butt.....like c'mon now, this is not about race." 
when The Sun says 1D is gonna split yall get mad but when they said Zayn ended Zerrie with a text yall believe it ok 
@user iThink they may introduce the iphone 6S but my cuzzo said the AppleWatch Red and new macbook size 
Harper will be history after Oct 19. His Calgary riding voters should keep it in mind. If he will not be around... 
Zac Brown Band is coming to the Amphitheatre for their Jekyll + Hyde Tour on November 13th. There are still some... 
For sale: one Seth Rollins bronze statue. Caution: May or may not just be @user in a box. #Merch 
Everyone turning into Kanye West fans just for today and then going to forget about him tomorrow smh 
It may seem a strange comparison, but Jeb Bush has a lot in common with Barack Obama. 
ibm unix servers: #IBM - s losing ground with Unix - and Oracle may follow  Sorry  IDC's repor... #car #insurance 
highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face, causing her to fall down the stairs 
"for anyone who doesn't know, curtis has the 2nd messiest car I've ever seen in my life" 
Luca Di Montezemolo (who's last day was Monday) on why Alonso is leaving Ferrari: 
@user #AprilLives @user what's the point in Sharknado without April? She makes the movie. 
@user @user @user thinking about watching the AFL Rising Stars game Sat.  Anyone know if they have posted the rosters yet? #AZFL 
TOMORROW: Thoughts to Wafer Thin Mints: Saturday at the Black Dog #yegmusic 
Prepping for tomorrow's National Hot Dog Day. Hot dog cupcakes with whipped icing weenie and condiments. It's a... 
Stone Cold Podcast With Paige On WWE Network August 3: Was it originally supposed to be Hulk Hogan? 
#Senate Be Barack Obama for Halloween: In March, after Romney beat Rick Santorum in the Ohio Republica... #Politics 
"Didi Gregorius went 2-for-4 with a home run and three runs scored, and the Yankees outlasted the Red Sox 13-8 on Wednesday." 
"4th & 5th graders-join Michael Ball for Acolyte Training, following the 10:50am service on Sunday." 
@user when will the 20th Anniversary PS4 controller be available and for how much is it likely to go for? 
Apparently Dark Souls 3 may be the end of the series. All I can say is it better be the peak of the series too. 
FYI: we're taking a hiatus through end of Sept., but we'll see you again in October! [pic from Labor Day catering] 
MI holds Curtis scoreless in 2nd qtr. Brings it to within 2 at half. MI 3- Curtis 5 
@user September 11th taught many of us all we want to know about Islam. 
Join us tonight at Boston Pizza - Centre on Barton for THURSDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL! Tonight the Chiefs take on the... 
Maybe you've heard of the two heavenly bodies we know as the Sun and the Moon. They're actually Chuck Norris' Testicles. 
Bad Blood was playing as I entered Bullwinkles for the first time last night and I may have had an out of body experience?? 
"Sonia Gandhi,Rahul Gandhi will have to appear before it on Dec 19 to face allegations of financial irregularitie #Rahulgandhi #SoniaGandhi" 
@user Football Our desire for quick fix results is to blame. Give me the Real Madrid shirt. 
Kris Bryant (head) is in the Cubs' starting lineup on Monday night against the Pirates. 
Hope you’re getting up to meet me at our Women’s Health Symposium! 9-3 at the Kentucky Center for African-Am Heritage on 18th & Muhammad Ali 
Talk about running the world.&amp;#160; Michelle Obama sat down with rapper Wale on Friday to answer questions and promote her Reach Higher 
I literally had actual plans to go to Disneyland on Thursday and now I don't. This is what the broken heart emoji was made for 
EVERYBODY tryna get these Galaxy Foams .. Yall not hip that the Year Of The Dragon 2012’s come out on saturday also ?? Smfh #HypeBeast 
I watched Act of Valor last night and let me just say that a man that can shoot a gun may or may not score extra attractive points... 
Revenge is sweet. John Cena hits Jon Stewart with Attitude Adjustment on #RAW. 
"Floyd Mayweather wins 3rd straight Nevada Fighter of the Year, uncle R #MayweatherVSPacquiao,#mayweather,#pacquiao 
Knicks vs heats game tomorrow tonight @ 8. 
Ted suggests that Thor's bitie skillz may have been genetic. Mariel tells Ted he needs a tetanus shot. #BadMoon 
If you think you've seen everything? You heard it here 1st. Meet 2016 Democratic Presidential Nominee, Michelle Obama 
@user hey Mike D you going on the 6th? 
Found the limited edition of Midnight Sun. But since B2ST’s oppars are going to work on a new album. I’m not going to buy the 5th mini album 
@user I may watch them just to see why people are saying Nicki called out Miley lol. That was probably deserved. 
Come check out @user at the black dahlia on saturday night! It’s going to be a party! 
I sat down at IHOP ready to order, dom &amp; Joyce weren't ready and I said "ya know we all can't live life in the fast line" 
@user Are you sure of the bets which one can make in Vegas? E.g. Gatorade, Katy Perry. I think those may only be available offshore." 
End of an era.... I'm leaving Hampstead Theatre after 3.5 years at the end of August to go on tour as Technical Manager on The Ladykillers! 
"Sipp is facing Josh Hamilton with two on, two out in the 5th." 
"REPORT: After heavy losses, Iran withdrawing from Syria -- and Hezbollah fears it may lose 
'Sarah Palin' appeared on Sunday 6 at the 14th place in the Top20 of Birmingham's Trends: #trndnl 
"NEWS> Flava - Flava will be taking over Floor 5 tomorrow night, with some of the best hip hop, afrobeats and RnB t 
@user If we say that Islam is a hijacked religion; we need to know when so it may be restored it to its previous peaceful state. 
Highest accumulations from Snowsqualls tonight to tomorrow would be between Bayfield and Grand Bend along hwy 21 &amp; SE to Stratford #onstorm 
"I’ve never sat through an episode of """"Gossip Girl"""" which does not inhibit me from calling it """"Jim Henson’s Bret Easton Ellis Babies""""" 
"Hey tomorrow's wing Wednesday! Unless they changed it... and it's like Tofu Wednesday... I mean you know Michelle Obama..." -my dad 
Never say never .. &amp; how do you know ? He gone be somewhere in the studio with Trey Songz and Frank Ocean gay asses 
"Selling 3 Zac Brown Band tickets. Saturday August 15, Citizens Bank Park in Philly. Please let me know if you're interested!" 
"Repio CEO Neil Cox is speaking at Chicago’s Social Media Week tomorrow about """"Social Media & The Changing Face of Employment - Check it..." 
Idgaf who our girls team playing tomorrow! I’m riding with them! Even if they play Baylor! 
"We may have to look at the possibility of a hung Parliament, UDC and BCP may collectively get a combined simple... 
When you find out Curtis isn't gonna be at the Two9 show tomorrow 
Tweeps; Paris is under curfew. There are no mass demontrations taking place. The pics going around are from Charlie Hebdo in Jan. 
Floyd Mayweather will go toe to toe with Haitian-American boxer Andre Berto on September 12 in his final fight - bad luck Mundine #nochance 
Head to a #Ladbrokes shop at 9am tomorrow to hear Tom Segal, #Pricewise of the Racing Post preview the action at #RoyalAscot. #horseracing 
Mark Cosgrove has just completed his 12th Shield ton, which is his 6th at Adelaide Oval. SA v TAS 222/1. The... 
.@ForeignPressCtr - Live webcast tomorrow 3:30pmET with  former @user Secretary Gen. Kofi Annan: #FPAnnan 
Luffy one shotted Naruto with Red Hawk LOL they didn't even include Naruto's rasenshuriken or Luffy's Gear 3rd smh or 4th. 
It may have started @user but now the @user is in Siberia, yes, Siberia: #writers #writing 
2.) This is after both Trump and Scott Walker call for 14th ammendment rights to be taken away from the children of immigrants 
"I tried to tell a coworker that I wanted to bring drinks to six flags and she said "" I think we may be stopping by dunkin ""...." 
Get to know Amy Lee! Want to know more about Evanescence’s leading lady Amy Lee? Amy sat down to answer some of... 
Headed to Fenway to watch the Red Sox tonight. Tough year - I bet they miss Pedro. #INBOUND15 
Until Bradford gets hurt and Murray doesnt do what he did in Dallas. 
@user come on, you know most white people know about Friday. It was the only movie that I wasn't scared of Ice Cube." 
RT: @user all fans of Toni Gonzaga she there @ landaco plaza albay legazpi october 30 tonight 8pm @user @user 
@user I only go once a week or so ... That may be because I work at home and going to Dunkin means leaving my house 
"See What Cate Blanchett, Rooney Mara and More Wore to the 7th Annual Governors Awards via @user 
Who do You think they have guds to stand against the Wyatt Family monster and as @user and Dean Ambrose 3rd Member? Please Comment 
y'all are gonna get spammed af on tuesday for the sam smith concert 
"RT @user Rumors say it is """"Tangled"""" and it may replace Beauty and the Beast at Studios and Aladdin at DCA. Just a rumor for now..." 
"Milan fans living through Bee, he's living our dream. Just please get rid of galliani before buying the club 
Red Sox have 2 on 1 out in the bottom of the 8th! Cash them in please! #rallytime 
John Kasich locked up an influential endorsement Tuesday night in New Hampshire on the heels of a new poll... 
"Hillary Clinton, Caitlyn Jenner and Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai will kick off the 13th season of... 
I swear if Zayn performs tomorrow  at the vmas I am not prepared mentally or physically 
"Soundtrack for the weekend: (David Bowie, The Man Who Sold the World '95, September '95)." 
"Let's watch today's Vampire Diaries part online, with my ""7 up"" next to mexD good company.." 
'Sam Smith' appeared on Tuesday 18 at the 18th place in the Top20 of Dallas-Ft. Worth's Trends: #trndnl 
@user Think they put him number 3/4 These Sky Sports Pundits are pro Barca,  spent ages talking about Messi's win on Thurs. 
some times on Friday I'm still compelled to song a little Rebecca Black. just 'cause. 
"Waiting for Milan vs Empoli, hope for the 1st 3 points of the season.. #ForzaMilan" 
Ice Cube says Straight Outta Compton critics should make their own NWA movie 
Reminder that today is the FINAL DAY to signup for Knollwood's Michelob Open happening tomorrow (@NC) $60 for Members &amp; $80 for Non-Members 
@user Knowing you are a Red Sox fan, who will win the rubber game tomorrow? Go Yankees!  LOL" 
@user SCOTUS says it is already in Constitution, 14th amendment.  Don't need new laws for that. 
Please be advised, reading Oracle's Legacy may cause heightened imagination. Proceed with care: #ebook 
@user wait...  Isn't that May 4 is Star Wars day? 
Moto G 3rd Gen vs Xiaomi Mi 4i : Who hold the best place in market ? - via @user 
The LionsXII will face ATM FA on 5 October, in the first leg of Semi-Finals at Jalan Besar Stadium! 
"Buy Moto G( 3rd Gen, 16GB) Just Rs. 12,999 with Exclusive Launch OFFERS - Flipkart 
Kim and Simon Huck watching Serena Vs. Venus at day 9 of the 2015 U.S. open on Tuesday in Queens, NY. 
"dear ujjwal nikam, no one is claiming yakub is innocent, we want him to be shown mercy, he must not be hanged, may be jailed." 
@user the heat game may cost alot more...and plus I would rather see Austin Rivers play 
Bale took Wales from 118th position to the 9th position in FIFA ranking. Y U NOT DO THIS WITH REAL MADRID??? 
"like c'mon, Kpop fans vote almost everyday, for every music shows + award shows at the end of the year + different polls. We live by voting" 
so theres a rumor that Frank Ocean's new album might drop the 20th or something 
"((I'm grounded from the internet until Monday, so talk to me while I'm still at school! -.-))" 
Medical for Mario Lemina tomorrow at Juventus. Another one bites the dust #OM  
#Trayvon My daily tweet (9-09) in memory of Trayvon Martin- killed 197 days ago. ~May you Rest in Peace~ (Praying and hoping for the family) 
@user Or something like NBC's "Blackout Thursday" where they had the lights come back on at 9pm because Seinfeld refused to participate. 
Malkin playing Thursday: QuotePenguins center Evgeni Malkin is set to play his first game of the season ... #Hockey 
TODAY is the 1st day of Infection Control week.Have a look at HIV infection in Healthcare Settings: #infectioncontrol 
The doc Soaked in Bleach, out August 14, looks into Kurt Cobain's death. Read what the director has to say about it: 
@user will the NYSE and Nasdaq be open tomorrow 
The Foo Fighters convinced me I should mop my entire house. Taking bets on whether or not my back &amp; hip will agree with them tomorrow... 
@user If you're in Pacific time and have an Xbox, it's possible. But it won't be available for PC or PS4 until mid day tomorrow." 
@user So I guess dropping in on the Kardashians was just her 1st gig? The "New/Fresh" Hillary primed for reality TV Generation! 
Mom &amp; Baby Yoga with Allison Oxoby - it's not too late to enroll in our Thursday class! Thursdays @ 1:15-2:30pm... 
"Not so fast! Taylor Swift may check all of Calvin Harris's boxes, but the ""Bad Blood"" singer ... #HollywoodDivas" 
Shawn and Brooklyn sat next to eachother the whole time and when I sat down they took a selfie 
Microphone picking up Murray's F bomb at the sit down after the 2nd set... 
Pacific Rim's on Amazon Prime now. Might watch that for the first time tomorrow. 
Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th and it's called 'For You'. 
Just informed my mother of the fact that I'm skipping school tomorrow to binge watch Vampire Diaries 
"#BurdwanBlast - NIA confirms that RDX was recovered during raids at one Rizaul Kaim's house in Burdwan, Karim on the run since Oct 2 blast" 
@user @user china &amp; Israel hv overturned. ALL transactions/Edu in Mandarin &amp; Hebrew. Eng is the 3rd lang after Mandarin &amp; Spanish. 
@user this is off the Charlie Hebdo shooting in January 
Presidents Day is this coming Sunday (9th) at the Windmill starting at 1pm.  Arrive at 12.45 for pairs to be drawn - all Members welcome. 
"I was part of 40-minute @user w @user show on Muslims, Europe and the refugee crisis. On NPR on Sunday 
If David De Gea isn't confirmed as a Real Madrid player tomorrow I'll get a tattoo with his name &amp; Harvey Prices name on my body 
I'm going to spontaneously skip the shower. Betcha my coworkers appreciate it as much as Hillary's voters will.  
"2nd one is a trinidadian headdress i believe, which is nicki's home country. im silent on the other 3 tho 
@user I think anything featuring Hulk Hogan may be on it's way out, so I'd better hurry." 
I suppose they may have just outsourced the production of Lady Gaga's underwear to the PRC 
Former Cruz Azul player in the legendary 70s team and Mexican international Nacho Flores gunned down last night outside Mexico City. 
who got that new Batman dvd and trying to let me hold it till April 
"Sam Smith to sing title song for ""Spectre"" the new James Bond film, Sony confirms. Song out 9-25; movie on Nov. 6." 
John Kasich reminds us he was Chairmen of the House Budget Committee for at least the 5th time tonight lol #GOPDebate 
If you marry rich, you may not be happy but hey, your tears will fall on your Bentley, Rolex, and Polo. 
"Happy Tuesday... this is late, but I'm sure I'm not the only one who things that the Rousey fight was stopped prematurely.  You?" 
Hey students! Do you like movies? Then join us tomorrow at Cinemark 6 at 12:30 pm for Ant-Man! The movie starts at 12:50 pm. See you then! 
Lying in bed last night listening 2 the wind in Porto Heli & dreaming of windsurfing! dropped off now: time for a 1/2 term BBQ in the sun! 
Exclusive Launch day offers to buy Moto G 2015 3rd Generation mobile by clicking here: 
I’m in North Carolina with @user We play at Elon University tomorrow! 
"I just had something pop into my head, as I was replying to a post left by a member...  Alonso's future may not... 
"just realised... trip simmons skye may and coulson woulda made more girls than boys... then they got rid of jemma, brought fitz back and" 
"Now I'm done with Ant-Man, which would have been excellent if they kept Wright on, but is at least a lot of fun.  More tomorrow." 
October 19, 2012 book news: 20,000 Turn Out for the Southern Festival of Books What do Keith Richards and Margar... 
I may even vote Gingrich as a write-in candidate to send a message about the need for more moon bases and debate hilarity. 
@user we put a 2nd team out and get beat and you go #Rafa ... Behave Ben !! You sound like a wool calling for Rafa 
I have a test over the Trojan War tomorrow so I guess I’ll watch Troy tonight 
@user @user so, which doesn't bode well for her profession.....she may not be going in and teaching IRA lessons but I'm" 
@user Fowler a legit option? and if he is, what happens to Juan? 4th OF? maybe splits with Curtis and fowler moves to RF some days?" 
"Osman Guiterriez (1.50) tossed 6 innings of 1 run ball as the DSL #BlueJays were blanked by the Red Sox, Wednesday .http://t.co/fVibQGizj0" 
LOL omg can we make Drew Brees the 6th 1D member? 
@user Nicola S, Theresa May, Liz Kendall &amp; Angela Merkel. But I'm wrong about the last one, right? I just see her everywhere ATM. 
Friday fun: Who would you like to sing at your wedding? Ed Sheeran will perform at Courteney Cox's wedding 
"If everything was that easily transferable, then Arsenal would have transferred two goals from the Galatasaray game to Sunday #thehaguedate" 
I wionder if HISD has school tomorrow.. I want to visit my elementary school :3 
"Brush picks Shaker off, but then Shaker returns the favor, picking off Brush. Still 13-7 Brush in 3rd Quarter." 
@user When Nicki see Miley Sunday:   the accuracy 
I know more about Islam than a lot of Muslims mate. And I've lived with Muslims and seen ISocs at universities. 
Shame it's Rugby saturday &gt; POWERSLAVES - A tribute to Iron Maiden  
@user welll im probably going to see justin bieber in october and except for that nothing much wbu? 
@user #isitok that 'potato' was screamed at Irish golfer, Paul Dunne, while he was about to take a shot on the 18th? #wanker" 
September 23rd last day at Dunkin... September 27th I'm out of SW Wisconsin.. 
I don't know who but someone is partying with fat Thor tomorrow 
Brewers Video: Ryan Braun hits 25th HR of season as 6-game win streak ends with 6-3 loss against Reds (ESPN) 
I had to march to get MLK day as a recognized holiday in Greenville, mind you I 16yrs old when I did it! 
Who's going to Zac Brown Band Aug 16th? Trying to decide if I want to go! 
@user I wanted you to know that here in Argentina is going to make a directioner fest 10 November te Amo TE AMO te amo! 
@user Sorry to hear that, Naruto.  Hopefully things will turn around for you very soon.  And good luck with 1st semester!" 
The scene outside on Crumlin Road as traffic is searched by the RUC after the escape by nine IRA men on 17 Nov 1971 
Thursday 17th (otherwise know as Star Wars Day) we will have Christmas parties in the afternoon.Pupils should arrive in uniform then change. 
one time in the 7th grade I wrote Niall is daddy on my hand &amp; my teacher was yelling at me to show him what it said &amp; I licked/rubbed it off 
TV show ratings: Mr Robinson bows out steady with its finale on Wednesday: Big Brother drops from i... #festivals 
#WednesdayWisdom from the old @user Alsip Sign: Do it now, since it will be yesterday tomorrow. 
Ryan Braun was a late scratch from Monday's game with lower back tightness. 
What's up this Thursday?! @user makes her appearance on the new hit show #TheNextCW on the CW Network! #KCru 
@user and I once sat in a Walgreens parking lot attempting to sing Mariah Carey's "My All" and probably scared the neighbors 
@user Oct 17 it will be mostly dead but mostly dead is still a little bit alive!! (Billy Crystal the princess bride) 
Had a look at the weather forecast. 270k tomorrow in abysmal weather. Dusted off my 5h Foo Fighters playlist. 10-day lethargy ends now 
Thinking about this Cowboys vs Colts game in December 
"Dr Joe will kick off his Australian Tour with a lecture at The Conscious Club in Sydney, Australia, Thursday, May 17! 
@user Are you going to the Red Carpet on Thursday? 
If this doesn't motivate u on a Monday morning then idk what does 
Ghost Rider will be joining MVPC tomorrow afternoon. He’s blind, but we’re hoping its just cataracts.... Ghost is... 
"The Sun's back page story by Apollo Gees. Trying to find him on Twitter but having no luck, can anyone help? Was he part of the Bee Gees?" 
RT: TV show ratings: Rookie Blue dips to a new low on Thursday: Big Brother and Under the Dome hold t... #xfactor 
Boko Haram leader Shekau says he is alive He may be lieing 
"Watching jiujitsu matches all day long, getting ready for Sunday!" 
NEWS: Bookmaker Paddy Power’s ’lucky pants’ make an appearance at Chisora weigh-in ahead of Saturday’s... #pr #prjobs 
"Brantley Gilbert, Jason Aldean, Kenny Chesney, and Cole Swindell - Saturday night. Two tickets. Anybody interested in getting the other?" 
"Federal Reserve sticks with stimulus: The Federal Reserve made no major policy changes Wednesday, de... #sanantonio" 
Ant-Semites unwittingly aiding #Israel: Turkey's severing of ties helped Israel  get training it may need vs. Iran 
@user Are you counting down the days till August 29th?? I know I am! Tha Carter IV is going to be #epic! 
anyone else getting Matched 3rd party content on old Minecraft videos recently? when you play back the spot they claim theres no music? 
Remember the midterm elections? Remember the Wisconsin recall? Just wait for next tuesday. 
@user Coming down to Arsenal v Hull City tomorrow, do you welcome away fans?" 
Tomorrow morning is going to come really fast for class but yet I'm still watching Netflix because college 
@user  Ah, in NZ it's Labour Day (last Monday in Oct). Besides I figured it's a bit warmer in Bendigo than Melbourne. We shall see." 
Haven't read To Kill a Mockingbird in years. That may be a good thing for when I read Go Set a Watchman. Might make it less heartbreaking. 
FM Preview: West Bromwich Albion v Reading 22 Sep 2012 - FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as Wes... 
"RT @user Awaiting update on Mikel Leshoure's injury. But so far, WR Titus Young is the only one of the Lions top three picks in ..." 
Zayn just may be in London. Spending time with the fam before he makes the move to LA 
Every Saturday is St. Patrick's Day at Welsh Road with Live Irish Music! BALLINA today w/ $3 Guinness Pints from 3-7 
The White Sox really are in no-man's land.   4.5 games back in the 2nd Wild Card 1.5 games from a protected 1st rd pick 
"Eric Adelson with the slam: """"(Flacco) looked more like Blaine Gabbert than Eli Manning on Sunday."""" #Ravens" 
RT @user Drop what you're doing this Wednesday night and come hang out with the GS AU crew at our Deus Ex preview event! ... 
@user Then are you willing to eat meat during Eid and Christmas ? ek din meat kha loge toh mar nahin jaoge. 
Charlie Puth and Sam Smith are giving me the same problem as Fall out Boy and Panic and the Disco in that they may be the exact same artist. 
Bearcats call first timeout of 2nd half. 3rd and 7 coming from Pitt 9. Gorillas lead 14-7 with 2:22 left in 3Q. 
On 1 Nov: The Duke of Kent - President, will attend the Mersey Weaver District Scout Council Presentation... 
"me and my sister told my mum we didn't get Justin Bieber tickets, and I've wrapped them up, and tomorrow we're gonna act like she got them" 
@user Siiiiiii miiiija just gotta ask mi padres tomorrow morning:D 
"#soccer La Liga: Barca and Betis march on, Malaga held: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the ta... #soccernet #espn" 
See you SAT at Pacha Buenos Aires! Release Yourself Radio - Guest Mix From Anil Chawla by Roger Sanchez via #soundcloud 
It was nice of @user to break this news on a Sunday and not while I'm sitting at work like they did with Zayn. That was rude. 
I guess even Pandora knows Justin Bieber is a grown up... this is the 2nd condom ad they've played 
Dustin Johnson shoots himself out of lead at British Open: Dustin Johnson felt as though he played well Sunday but while everyone els... 
David Otunga says Brock Lesnar is the best athlete to ever come out of Minnesota. I think we have the lead item for tomorrow's Livecast. 
Kinda volunteered to work tomorrow night (technically tonight) hope they decide to work their shift cuz Ive actually got a lot to do today! 
@user What the what? Too out of it to google it now, will check in the morning, but sure, up 4 anything that isn't going back to SD." 
Tickets now available for the MK Welcomes the Foo Fighters event with Trippah and Venus High Trap @user 4 Sep 
@user well i went maths on mon, tues + wed but cba now youu? &nopee just town today and thats itt x_x 
"For those of you who may not know, Pattie Boyd was the first wife of George Harrison. Read her autobiography, ""Wonderful Today.""" 
"Mumbai Times India seeks enhanced economic ties with Iran: Sushma Swaraj: New Delhi, Dec 29 : Exte... MumbaiTimes" 
obama &amp; the pope are everywhere. theyre getting everyone accustomed to seeing their faces everywhere. when sunday law comes, it'll be normal 
"#teamfollowback La Liga: Barca and Betis march on, Malaga held: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table after... 
"#Cold Saturday for the Kingdom @ Riyadh, Saudi Arabia 
Cringed a few times during that interview on @user felt bad for Brock Lesnar. Summerslam is this Sunday by the way 
Winter Storm Watch for portions of the WDBJ7 viewing area  until 8:00am Wednesday. 
The Nats may have sucked again but now Messi is on TV and Colbert is back in an hour so it could be so much worse. 
a lot of guesses on my friday trivia. the correct answers are priest holmes and arian foster. 
CT Fashion Week Presents the 1st Annual Riviera Expo   195 Front Street (Quinnipiac Riviera) New Haven CT.... 
"WATCH: Cate Blanchett on Carol, The Universality of Love, Chemistry with Rooney Mara: Friday, No... via @user 
@user I'll be in Bilbao for few days from tomorrow. I'd like to book for two for the first of nov dinner. Possible? 
@user that’s what I like to hear! Friday is my margarita day 
@user yes, not cruising from fallston though. I'll get something from Dunkin set up . Sunday 8:30, out by 9, be there about 10:15" 
Dana White is about to make bank this Saturday 
"Here comes Randy Orton, the inanimate object Rollins mentioned in his flubbed promo last Monday." 
Y’all be sure to download that YeHive app on Friday too. We’re trying to put MSU and Starkville on the map. 
"Mark Martin qualifies 3rd at Charlotte. Giddy about racing still says """"When I stop racing I will still compete"""" 
Check out Friday's Interview with Singer Jessica Clemmons of Jess And The Bandits and Performer and Yoga Teacher... 
We sat down and played a little game with The Vamps (velociraptors may have been involved) 
@user It was not until the IRA took the troubles from Belfast to the City of London that we really sat down with Sinn Fein . . . 
Late Night Funny #1: Ohio Governor John Kasich became the 16th Republican to announce that he is running for p... 
"RT @user Come to ""Boot Ride & Rally with Sons of Anarchy & Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell"" Today from 3:30 pm to 6:30 pm. Ride... ht ..." 
"Week 1 NFL story lines: Steelers and Ravens, together again: Beyond the Packers-Saints opener Thursday, the high... 
Monday night raw tell about for the business of you john cena and no seth Rollins I want Bri bella and nikki Bella you have no class let's l 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has pleaded not to be compared with Bayern Munich coach, Pep Guardiola,... 
Seth Rollins going all in thinking the nose may have been Cena's horcrux. #RAW 
Done work for the week, seeing Rush tomorrow in buffalo, then playing with Plan B at Brydens in Milton sat for the Halloween bash. Wooo! 
@user so the 12.0 for IOS will be out tomorrow correct?? 
Dan Tyler comes right back with the Vikings 3rd goal of the half 
If Alabama loses to LSU on Saturday, the BCS Championship Game could be played without an SEC team via @user 
Alpha Sigma is partaking the Walk to End HIV on October 25. Please support our efforts by making a donation. 
. @user 4A boys soccer playoffs on Saturday: Wilmington New Hanover at Garner with a 5 pm start confirmed 
I might wear my Nike slides tomorrow just for that tweet 
Phinsider Week 8 Picks: Thursday Night Football continues tonight with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers facing the Minne... 
Game Day.. Arsenal Ladies vs Turbine Potsdam.. Champions League Last 16 1st Leg.. Get down and support the Gooners..!! #UWCL #ALFC 
@user aren't you that dentist from Seinfeld. Have you been in anything else I may have seen? 
Jungle Island makes good on $2 million payment: Jungle Island made good Wednesday on its promise to the Miami Ci... 
@user Also you didn't include the Maccabi - Emporio Armani Milan game at MSG on 4th... 
Yea, just play for U21 when the club asks, u may had won a lot wit Barca but that is past, tis is Unitedddd(Spartaa) 
"Eid was on Sat.&amp; #BajrangiBhaijaan is Salman Khan's Film with No-Action,Good WOM. Only Monday(if not low)&amp; Tuesday BOC can make things clear" 
@user Sun goes down below the horizon at 1557, you then should get 15-30 mins of twilight depending on where you are." 
@user Piper's Pit, Sun Dome in Tampa. Hulk Hogan accepts the challenge from Andre the Giant for WMIII! I was there! #unforgetable" 
Home base Super Eagles having their first training with coach Sunday Oliseh and his assistant Francois 
2nd break point for Murray! Will he take it? 
Murray been broken in the 3rd. Unreal. Straight sets loss would make my day 
"RT @user Elvis Presley's 34th death anniversary is on Aug 16. Shammi Kapoor, the man they often called India's Elvis Presley" 
Let's be honest, Hannibal may be many things but he's not a rapist which disgusts me more than killing, cannibalism &amp; everything else. 
Frank Ocean must be going through se hard times :/  
"Kris Bryant was back in the Cubs' lineup and ready to play before Monday night's rainout in Pittsburgh, but his... 
@user Was a Nokia N9 left behind at tonight's seminar at St Johns? In the rush to leave I think I left mine behind. 
currently trying to learn all the words to Calibraska so I know them for the show in November #CalibraskaEP 
"Undertaker-style, @user just tapped out to the ""Brock Lesnar of soups"". Dude didn't even get 1/3rd in smh. 
mom I know its Friday you don't need to parade around the house singing Rebecca Black 
"Q&A: Mike D, Punk Star of the Wine World: We talked to Mike D after his set on Sunday in Brooklyn, where this ye... 
"#teamfollowback La Liga: Betis march on, Malaga held to draw: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table after S... 
David Bowie playing on the 45 at the moment....Jedward set to be played soon...it's all happening here on the Tuesday Night Request Show! 
My predictions for the BB100 tomorrow 1.) CFMF 2.) DMD 3.) Cheerleader 4.) Watch me 5.) Lean On 6.) Bad Blood 7.) See You Again 8.) My Way + 
Is this story why a major democrat in Florida just asked the Gov to extend early voting? #TheBlaze @user 
"On this day in September 8, 2014~ #RAW: Sheamus vs. Seth Rollins  
"Oliseh shops for players in London: SUPER Eagles coach, Sunday Okechukwu Oliseh has started shopping for the n... 
"So KenPom has NC State ranked 24th. If the Pack finish the season ranked #24, does Gottfried keep his job?" 
We have 15 minutes left until the 2nd episode of Styled To Rock. #UKNavi #RihannaNavy 
Australian Directioners, little things will be played on the radio at 5pm on Monday afternoon on the hits radio. 
#US Wichita Wild vs. Omaha Beef May 5th Game Preview: WICHITA, KS- The Wichita Wild of the I... #News #USA #Wichita 
@user @user you don't know Chris Evans? Bruhh c'mon 
@user + hurt just faded away in that moment he sat in the dark with Thor. 
@user Nope xDD I live in Moskau, and.... it’s not so cold.... ^^ In Siberia, may be xD So... Whatever our governor? 
@user From one messianic cause, to the cause of religious liberty for Muslims. Is that what you are referring to as the 2nd?" 
"Apple Special event October 23rd - iPad Mini and maybe Macbook pro 13inch Retina, what you think?" 
"Kim Kardashian Shows Off 'Gorgeous' Roses from Celeb Pals Like Chrissy Teigen and John ...: On Thursday, the r... 
@user I would purchase PS4 tomorrow however until the Logitech G27 is fully supported across the board, NO DEAL!!!" 
@user Hi Adeeb Luams still haven't opened after Eid. Will open from the 10th of Aug. Decoration work ongoing. Sorry for the inconvenience ! 
New Bucketist items: learn the lyrics to House of the Rising Sun and Devil Went Down to Georgia 
#NP Michael Jackson - Human Nature on #BrunchInTheCiti w/ @user  #tunein  5th of 7 tracks from the Thriller album 
10 Things to Know for Friday: The U.S. Postal Service, on the brink of default on a second multibillion-dollar p... 
@user always loved you as a player.  As an analyst, not so much.  Watch Saturday to see if Ole Miss is winning with talent or emotion" 
My sources in Ethiopia tell me that De Gea is a Real Madrid player. The deal was completed and the player will be presented tomorrow 
Aldo v Mcgregor and Tate v Rousey in Dallas in December... I think it's time to make a trip to Texas. 
Walk folder has Monk charts/tracks @user ---- Quartet session this saturday  --- listen to the record 
"Well I guess ""Unity"" and ""Peace"" in Muslims is a ""sensitive"" topic for people with Takfiri mindset.... May Allah cure your heart! Ameen!" 
Estou ouvindo Brown Eyes Live @ Friday Show with Jonathan Ross - Lady Gaga via @user 
On Sunday November 4th Olympus experts will be on hand at the Currys store in Cambridge.  From 10:30am until... 
"And kris’ airport runaway x3 """"@RLAdeer: tomorrow exo m will go to nanjing.. yeah! I’ll see luhan’s hair.. is it true that his hair now is bl" 
@user ""Last Friday"", where Ice Cube had to recreate the Last Supper perfectly to raise money, or be crucified by the drug dealer." 
@user  once because of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in January, and this time in the light of the Paris terror attacks." 
"Gonna go school supply shopping tonight, the only thing I have for school is my Tony Romo folder.. :)" 
im going to school tomorrow for nicki and for z 
Il Divo - 24 September 2012 Il Divo have just confirmed two more dates: October 14 in Buenos Aires and October 28... 
David Wright is back and leading off in the 2nd inning! 
@user John cena has Seth Rollins a** in his hands tomorrow and someone please kick Jon Stewart's a** all over the ring 
"No idea where Scott Walker sought medical care following his violent sink encounter, but he may want to obtain a second opinion!" 
Now that I think about it, the rams looked like Gregg Williams was their DC last Sunday. I know how much the @user like Williams. 
Sharknado will set records for the number of watchers who have nothing better to do on a Wednesday night. 
I'm MCing the Wearables&amp;Tech fashion show that leads into the Google party on Monday.  Peep the deets here:  #tech 
#MLB #BlueJays David Price will be the starting pitcher vs Baltimore Orioles on Friday. @user 
Get Ready for information on Winter Jam tomorrow with SHINE 105.9 
Dustin Johnson quadruple bogies the 1st hole? Must be Sunday of a major 
Anyone want to buy some Zac Brown Band tickets for Sept 3? 
"Paul Dunne may be an amateur, but he is a co-leader at #TheOpen and is older than his fellow co-leader, Jordan Spieth." 
@user Gay. I know next Saturday I might go to the one in Knoxville 
Bayer Leverkusen now up to 5th - level on points with Borussia Dortmund, one of the big winners this weekend - nine behind Bayern... 
To see paul McCartney perform because there's a chance he may bring  Kanye out and miss the weeknd or not? 
@user Boneless Thursday with Karm #yum 
#Samsung Galaxy Note 5 #leaked ahead of the August 13 launch. This time it confirms no removable battery and no... 
Quite sure Donald trump has really good security that he pays for right now.  
News On Japan: Japan's post-disaster growth strategy: The Great East Japan Earthquake on 11 March 2011 was the b... 
"Come see Great Horny Toads, or as Rolling Stone puts it, ""The 21st Century's Musical Wondertwins,"" busk outside of Solstace bar tonight." 
"Floyd Mayweather defends choice of Andre Berto, says 'there's going to be blood': Boxing fans may not like it,... 
"Paul Dunne makes another par at the 13th to stay -11. Meanwhile, Jordan Spieth is just short of the green at the Road Hole (17th) #TheOpen" 
Kendrick in Black Friday &gt; J Cole in it 
Between 8am and 9am tomorrow we may see the next Planned Parenthood video. Check here: 
"We've got @user on the show this Sunday at 10:30 am CT. We'll talk new #UFC fights, Rousey, Palhares and more on @user 
"Bet when Nicki sat down next to meek she said ""now thats how you handle a beef nigga"" #VMAs #NickiMinaj" 
"""White Collar launches the second half of Season 4 on Tuesday, Jan. 22""" 
Tomorrow is Support the Packers day at work. I may wear this little diddy... 
"Thor 3 May Have A Female Villain, Here's Who We Think It Could Be:  While the Thor movies have featured women ... 
@user Saw bunch of cops go down 22nd this morning racing heading east. Idk if there going to dunkin. But haven't heard anything 
Who wants to be on @user Kandi Factory?? #kandifactory You may see me and my new music on the new series 
@user @user @user I believe this was from the Charlie Hebdo attack. Current attack happened Friday night. 
Might do my sport work on the train tomorrow CBB right now 
Well it's official... my family has decided to  buy another great dane pup. Thor's biological sister will be here on Friday. 
@user presented summation of costs that may be associated w/ building "wall" on the southern border. WAY less than Jeb Bush stated 
"Premonition: Zayn is going to drop a song today or tomorrow, God willing.  Sorry @user 
Insomniac was the first Green Day album i heard... '95? i think. i was in 7th grade... 
The 8th Center for Medical Progress Planned Parenthood expose video is up. Interview with Stem Express CEO Cate... 
3rd day in a row catching my mom watching Sophia grace and Rosie #obsessed #shelikesrosie #seriousfan 
".@crazyfillyjonk I have an ""I am Batman"" t-shirt. I might wear it on Friday which HR has declared as ""Star Wars Day"". Because I'm contrary." 
@user - Before the smoke had fully cleared, the 4th appears directly behind Naruto, rasengans aimed straight towards his face. -" 
Someone, lets go to the Marijuana March at Little Five Points on May 5!!! Coalition for the Abolition of Marijuana Prohibition #Protest 
[the Sun daily] Obama ate bear's dinner during Alaska reality show outing: WASHINGTON: US President Barack Oba... 
And tomorrow Swindon Town have a date with Aston Villa. Villa- fans nervous? #STFC 
"NFL Leaves Tom Brady off Photo of Elite QBs: On Sunday night, the NFL tweeted out a graphic showing seven of t... 
"So, Seth Rollins wins the U.S. Title just to vacate it tomorrow? #SummerSlam" 
Am wondering did Real Madrid have 2nd thoughts on De Gea?? Mite see him tell real to 4 get about it and sign a new deal! 
Playing Indianapolis THIS SATURDAY at the White Rabbit, with Ko and Street Spirits - gotta go to this one! 
@user They were talking about it! Barcelona and Real Madrid have minor sides in the Spanish 2nd division. 
@user ... Your dab may be diff than @user 'cause you're a Thor kind player... 
Photo albums are up from Saturday night's Santa's Twilight 5K at Ybor City. Check them out and share the photos... 
Ryan Braun hits his 250th career home run in the top of the 1st inning. Brewers get 1. Cubs coming to bat versus Matt Garza. 
I regularly drink THWAITES Best at the Welly on a Monday. Nectar.  In The Fox @ Twickers, utter shite. 
@user @user @user or something that ends in a 3 lmfao time to dream about JR! i’m gonna run in the street tomorrow 
@user Picked up the new Moto G (2015 3rd Gen) at my local US Cellular store this weekend. 
"Milan is pessimistic they'll reach an agreement with Zenit for Witsel, they may make an attempt before window closes in 3 hours (DiMarzio)" 
The 8th video about Planned Parenthood has come out.  In light of this, it's important to remember that for... 
sister accidentally saw Magic Mike XXL with our mom &amp; wont take a break from texting how horrified she was to say how it compares to the 1st 
@user @user @user @user Were the House votes cited accurate? Take a Midol and call us Wednesday morning! 
I sat here and listened the other day when that *gentlemen* Mr Sakshi Magaraj called Nathuram Godse a patriot. - Rahul Gandhi 
For all of you that havent already heard theres a car bash for DECA tomorrow. Bring a dollar and support WKHS and DECA #BeatLexington 
"Review: Nas's new album: Rapper Nas performs during the 2012 ESPY Awards in Los Angeles on July 11. """"Life is ... 
I wanna go find the iPad so I can watch videos and train muh pokeymanz, rip iPod D:  tomorrow marks two weeks 
@user After the orange bowl do you think anyone wants to watch them on thursday?  Seriously though Clemson doesn’t pull outside SC 
@user I know tomorrow's my last day of work and today I close so I'm kinda just laying in my bed listening to Janet jackson 
"One of my older campers texted me and was like ""what do you want tomorrow I'm bringing in Dunkin for the senior counsellors"" OK WHAT A SAINT" 
#Sexy #Top #News Eva Longoria to appear with Obama Thursday #MustFollow Qoo 
We goin to spend the day at my job tomorrow ( Jungle Island ) 
I was at the Vatican when #PedroCalungsod was beatified by Pope John Paul II last March 5, 2000 & now after 12 years he is now canonized 
"If you haven't heard the story yet, captain David Wright greeted the Mets in the hotel lobby in Philly on Sunday... 
@user Pfft. Excuse my language but Thor thinks that the Sun rises and sets out your rear. 
"Once upon a time Rwanda said """"NeverAgain"""". World Bank now says it’s 2nd most imprvd nation 2 do business in """"EverAgain"""" 
@user @user no she doesn't, but Caitlyn Jenner still has more bollocks than you sat behind that account" 
Come on Dana white. Can't even have Holm defend the belt once between now and July. 
"#Mariners Tweets: As we head to the 8th inning, the #Mariners and White Sox are tied at 4. #MLB 
I smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the Grammys in February. 
Xinhua forges partnership with China Telecom: Xinhua News Agency on Monday forged a partnership with China Telec... 
Tiff gretchen fell asleep 3 times during the PSSA's in 8th grade #PMS #LEGEND 
In her hands-on workshop session at the 11th International Cloud Expo, Diane Mueller, the Cloud Evangelist for A... 
Plot twist: Commissioner Goodell hires Harrison for a bounty on Tom Brady's head for the 1st game  #spygate #bountygate #Goodellgate 
In 22 starts David Price has 149 strikeouts. In his 22nd start Hutchinson just got his 100th strikeout. Hutch has some work to do #BlueJays 
"Okay sleep early tonight, wake up early tomorrow and eat Oreo for breakfast. There, my life is all planned out." 
Iran and the Region in 2015 | The Iran Primer 
@user Yep. Need to do that by year end or by April 15th, depending on the kind of IRA. Remember to fund HSA, too, if you have one!" 
Madonna performing in Montreal on the 9th and 10th of September if you're looking for tickets give us a call at... 
"Found Footage Festival: Hey, whatever happened to that VHS tape?... Sunday, September 9th, the Creative Alliance... 
"Ryan Braun's home run in the 6th puts gives the Brewers a 1-0 lead.  A.J. Pollock, Goldy, and David Peralta will look to answer." 
Review: Motorola's Moto G (3rd generation) is about user experience #business #tech 
First tweet from Moto G 3rd Gen. Really wish it had a FHD display. 
@user I finished TKAM last Thursday! Let me know what you thing about Watchman 
Snow White and the Huntsman, then the Scream movies with this guy on Sunday ( : #excited @user 
@user @user C'mon, the next Nesta? Says who? Think when comparing Inter and Milan's defence this season, Ausilio got it spot on" 
@user Have you seen yesterday's @user article about Joe Biden? He may decide not to run for #POTUS 
Friday fish fry and football with Tressa! #ffffdate 
Photo: Matt Cain accepts a key to the city and gets June 13th named for him! Matt Cain Day!! (Taken with... 
"ITMA 2015, held in Milan from 12 to 19 November at the Fiera Milano trade fair grounds, closed its doors with... 
Get ready for a&amp;#160;serious earworm&amp;#160;infection. A new mashup video&amp;#160;of Kanye West&amp;#160;dancing at the VMAs on Sunday makes it 
I did all of the action/choreography/live stunts/special fx for this music video. Aka the real Chuck Norris.  
@user @user @user @user Police 1st job is to protect the public not themselves! They would never lie... Iran? 
@user @user Thor will have sack up in April when he watches the Royals raise the WS banner on opening day.  Want tickets? 
Would you LIKE to see cornerback Champ Bailey play in his twelfth Pro Bowl this January?  2013 Pro Bowl voting... 
"Gay marriage was made Constitutionally legal on June 26. Regardless of your beliefs, you must follow the law. 
"Remember ""Kris Bryant is Cub's Albert Pujols?"" In his 1st season Albert OPS+ of 157, 37 HR 130 RBI (it's not even close) #STLCards" 
@user can you make an appearance at sbl in january i mean i know u live in california but i promise not to fall this time 
"Brokenhearted Karmin | Format: MP3 Download (5)Release Date: May 8, 2012 Download:  $0.25 (Visit the Hot New Rel... 
The urgent need for campaign reform may be the ONLY common ground lefties like me have with Donald Trump. @user 
"2 and half weeks for holiday, 3 weeks got Stevens 30th and my mams party and then it'll be time to put the tree up and get ready for Xmas" 
Exodus 11:7 Shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast: that u may knw the Lord do put a difference between the Egyptians &amp; Israel 
PGS Gold Buyers will be in the St. Patrick's Day Parade tomorrow handing out special flyers and coupons to... 
Both Kane and The Undertaker pin Austin. . . Who's the champion? The world may never know. . .  #Breakdown98 
@user 1500 to 1?  That may explain Dustin Johnson's 75, if you know what I mean," 
@user oh no haha, I meant he can't sign for Milan now, so Spurs may have more of a chance" 
What do you think of the changes to Lexus' large SUV? The Lexus LX flagship SUV may have been given a refresh in... 
Ima fall asleep to some Family Guy tonight . 
Your copy of Go Set a Watchman may be missing lines at the end 
LMAO ET by Katy perry on the radio throwback to the 8th grade cosmic challenge 
"Saw Ant-Man last Sunday, and finally had time to draw it today.  
"Just put the final book in the """"Blaze of Glory"""" supehero trilogy to bed. Sale date of October. Mixed feelings but eager to see what's next!" 
"If Iran was ruled by ""rational"" anti-semites, it would turn to Israel. see @user 
"""""@LATACO: Playground x Deadline ~ This Saturday: Meet and Greet with Nipsey Hussle and Dom Kennedy... @user 
"December 23 - Lady Gaga arrives at the airport ""LAX"" in Los Angeles 
"Justin Bieber interview with Mai Morning Crew on Mai FM 88.6 | Auckland, New Zealand, October 1 2015 
Dustin Johnson must have celebrated a bit too hard and too prematurely on Sat night. He finishes at -4 dropping 6 shots in the final 2 days. 
Minecraft will not be on my Main. All the videos of things other than Halo on my main have been part of the hype build up for my 2nd channel 
"Blast Of The War @ KL Live, Life Centre, from 4pm 2day (7/7/12) ft May, FTG, Rockers, Brain Dead & Logam. Dont miss it: 
@user I’m going Tuesday to the house of blues to see A$AP Rocky 
"With this silence, he may very well just tweet out the link to Joey Fatone's open letter to One Direction (read: Niall, Louis &amp; Liam)." 
Controversial spiritual leader Sat Guru Maharaj Ji has advised President Buhari to use traditional means to tackle the Boko Haram insurgency 
Just had a really sudden urge to watch Twilight but it's 10pm and I've got shit to do tomorrow 
@user maybe tomorrow there will be a new superhero on the streets. Either that Thor is really angry 
Cold cold cold but the sun is rising over Twickers. 
@user Kane and bentaleb were always gonna breakthrough, too talented not to, Bentaleb should be 4th choice with class in front of him" 
@user #mittromney may have run the olympics and balanced Massachusetts’ books but I learned all I know about economics from SimCity 
Crazy I was in a meeting with an old NBA player that was picked 3rd before Larry Bird 
"One hour til kickoff v @user in Long Island. W/Thursday's unfortunate forfeit, Red Stars are playing for 3rd/4th place in the standings." 
Barbarians 29 Ireland XV 28 - Highlights - The Barbarians defeated Ireland 29-28 with a last-gasp penalty on Tuesday... 
Saving my hopes and jeb bush is a crush on someone says make the 2nd amendment is a guy. 
Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges: CAITLYN JENNER may be about to face manslaughter charges for her... 
@user French Montana Live @ DC Star this Saturday #LaborDayWkend S/o @user @user check it out >> 
@user are you folks gonna let you stay over at nat's house tomorrow night? 
Will the Colt McCoy era begin in Sunday's Redskins game against the Titans? @user thinks so: 
I hope Allderdice sends us home early tomorrow because of the water problem 
@user he cut Kevin and Jacob, did he tell u there’s practice tomorrow 
One more David Wright Stat: David Wright has the 14th most plate appearances all time to not have a sacrifice bunt. 
I wish I still had my iPod from ages ago. I had much better taste in music in the 8th grade 
So i found my vans beanie might take it tomorrow :p 
@user I started getting obsessed with it after I watched twilight and read all the books in 5th grade haha it stuck with me 
"Me: ""Justin Bieber is gonna be in that 2nd Zoolander movie but only for a quick scene cause he dies""  Dad: ""good"" @user 
@user hes got a new mixtape?? Or u mean the small black friday thing with kendrick 
#Rangers Josh Hamilton went 1-for-1 while pinch hitting in the 9th. #MLB 
Follow the top Justin Bieber stories for Dec 24 on our topical page: 
@user She may have never met a gay guy. If she does, she may change her tune when she is charmed &amp; actually laughs 4 the 1st time" 
lol @user Juventus in 19th place in Serie A.  Hey @user we are 13th if you wanna join a better team 
Um surprised u ain't say Cena tying up with Ric Flair this Sunday with the new stipulation they JUST MADE lmao 
@user If that's true then Zayn hasn't left the band so you're okay. Wait till March, life might fall apart, sry" 
"Another #Fascinating #Friday #Fact   the #US President's residence, the White House has 35 bathrooms #spoitforchoice 
with Amar’e out, thinking the Knicks may start either JR Smith or Chris Copeland. if it’s the latter they start, hopefully he’s productive 
"Probably a sleepless night for 1 Herkimer County boy, who'll get to celebrate his birthday tomorrow with Jason Aldean 
Israel vows to fight Brazil's rejection of envoy pick: Israel on Sunday vowed it would push the appointment of...  
"Georgetown may have Bill Clinton, but we have Twisty the Clown from American Horror Story #CUA #AHS" 
Someone please message me I need to sell or get someone to come with me to Shawn's show in ny tomorrow. They're VIP tickets 
@user Capello had poor english in his first press conference and used a translator,by 1st game he spoke fine. Cost isnt’ an issue #Trapout 
I had a Naruto phase early sec sch late Pri sch I think. There was this NaruNata fancomic online called oranges in the sun I think 
Rangers: OF Josh Hamilton back in lineup Friday vs. Rays after missing 2 games with sore left knee (ESPN) 
&lt;Curtis&gt; Various weather talking people are forecasting snow on the 24th to 27th. What do you think ? will we see... 
Catch me & DJ Hollygrove mixing it up this Friday @ Club Paradise! Bands a make her dance... (via @user 
After that idiot, I'm definitely cheering on the Germans today. Starting a "There's only one Angela Merkel" chant 2nd half. 
"Who is the 6'4"" guard from Yelm that dropped 44 in the Curtis jamboree Monday night?" 
@user @user Yakub got bad unfair sentence due to 3rd rate prosecutor not telling court about his crucial cooperation. 
Check out the ’FATHER OF LIGHTS’ film FB fan page and read what people are saying about it! Airing FRIDAY 6p PT #REVtv 
"Especially for our Scott Walker supporters, here's 15% off the #Walker16 store through Monday. 
In the Sports World Kenseth avoids 25-car pileup to win at Dega: Daytona 500 winner Matt Kenseth won  Sunday at ... 
Freaky Knight III going down this Friday at Fox Theatre in Salinas. DM me for tickets and info. #dontsleeponthisone 
@user HE WAS ONLY 61 RAH, tbh I thought it would be Ric Flair to die 1st lol no disrespect to him 
Rafeef Ziadah is joining us at the Rich Mix alongside Mark Gonzales this Monday! 
who would wanna go see Zac Brown Band with me at Wrigley on September 11th....? 
"Hey Conservatives and Scott Walker supporters, while you're enjoying this Labor Day Weekend and have tomorrow off... 
Breaking from the "11th commandment," Scott Walker targets Jeb Bush in a new video 
@user Hey can you plz help try to get to Justin biebers concert on december 3rd in la ! 
Los Poboycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming CD tomorrow on WWOZ 90.7 FM New Orleans at noon CST. 
"As Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh enters day three of his active period in charge of the... 
#Hudsonvalley Revise randi into bentley jetaun yes you may call me b j for short lol how yah like me now hudson valle 
@user James may not be a good Big Brother player but he is a great comedian, both intentional and unintentional" 
Messi and Barcelona are preparing for the league game against Osasuna at the Camp Nou this Sunday (kick-off 17:00 CET) 
I just went with Tom Brady 2nd overall. Did I win or...? 
My heart is sad by the news of Frank Gifford. May you Rest Peacefully and may your family always be strong &amp; protected. 
@user just mentioned on White Sox broadcast that some coaches may wear shorts for the upcoming throwback game. 
SAD asks Rahul Gandhi what action he has taken against Congress leaders for  Nov 10 congregation#Pb  @user  @user 
NEWS: Pearl Jam side project RNDM headed for Troubadour - &amp;ldquo;Did you see Maroon 5 on &amp;lsquo;Saturday Night Live&amp;... 
My twitter feed has dissolved into people shouting in capitals about Kanye West. Happy Monday everyone! 
"Twilight of the Old Order, 1774-1778 by Claude Manceron-1st US Ed./DJ-1977 
#nowplaying Five Years - David Bowie - The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (30th Anniver 
2nd letter from Paul to the destitute Christians in Corinth. What a letter of encouragement. 
"Had a slightly intoxicated conversation about Daredevil, Ant-Man, Civil War, &amp; the MCU. If that's not a successful Wednesday, then what is?" 
I sure hope the skate center plays decent music tomorrow @user 
"Noah's 3 fav songs in order: 1) the Imperial March 2) Bad Blood (""why does she need bandaids?"") 3) Shake Your Booty" 
Tune in to Mtv Hits tomorrow for the Making Of #WIDEAWAKE & don't forget 2 vote 4 Wide Awake for a MTV VMA! @user 
Liam and Niall playing a teaser of a new song from the 5th album! 
@user can you talk about Curtis axel blowing up at wwe and the fans tomorrow,I really want to hear your take" 
Watched the home run derby from beginning to end. 1st time since the steroid days I watched josh Hamilton after... 
Madison Square Garden hosts its first WWE Monday Night Raw, featuring the WWE debut of Mick Foley’s Cactus Jack... 
@user kenot. Same night. Am doing Java Jazz for sure. Can always catch the Foos some other time. The jazz greats? Not likely. 
@user @user Bryan's Australian tour is on April 2013 I just bought the tickets yesterday for the Sydney concert are you going? 
How to Catch a Star will be captivating children this Friday at Stantonbury Campus. 2.30 show. See you all there 
Them Seniors gone beat the Juniors tomorrow. 
Just found out that David Cameron is related to the Queen. Apparently he is her 5th cousin, twice removed. Did anyone else know this? 
On a side note.. We have a show with Call The Shots and Set The Record on the 17th of november! Get your tickets from Oztix! 
You can get up early Thursday morning and come to see Rick Santorum at the Charlotte Victory Center; or,  If you... 
"Space-sim 'Elite: Dangerous' comes to Xbox One on October 6th:   We're still not sure when No Man's Sky is coming to PS4, but in the ..." 
Floyd Mayweather's next opponent may confirm a popular theory about his final fight - 
Shawn will be in Norway on September 17th for a contest with @user to get him to perform at your school 
@user I had to drop a finger cause Zayn is gone and it was like March 25th all over again. 
Dana White just told LA Times that Rousey and Holm rematch is set for July 9th... 
Absolute must-read. Where the Kane investigation stands &amp; what could happen going forward.  #Blackhawks #PatrickKane 
#PaidNFullEastSaidUp2 #DBF Drops september 17 classic!!!!! And @user Gangsta Grillz is on the way 
@user The theologians of the Church teach that the See may be vacant at the death or resignation of a Pope until a new one is elected. 
"(Phone Arena) Sprint getting Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 with LTE support, on November 11th 
you going to rugby practice on sunday #somethingISayAlot 
@user ^ 2 kids have entered have by the 8th to enter Curtis is ready to pick 
@user When will you get 2GB ram version of Moto G 3rd Gen model? 
Rumors suggest no Apple event this October. So you mean all the iPads are on it's way today? Come on, now that's so much of writings. 
I just need to see Lauren on Saturday already. 
FM Preview: Derby County v Burnley 22 Sep 2012: FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as Derby Co... 
Gucci unmentionables alter good hope december extend the match your symptomatologic entrance reinforcement til... 
Today: a 4th grader was saying how she wrote to Michelle Obama &amp; my 5 year old responded that he wrote to the bears of Yosemite. #andhedid 
4 minutes into 2nd quarter and Mid-Prairie in the red zone of West Liberty ready to strike again. #iahsfb #kcrgfnl 
What to expect besides the new iPhone 6S at Apple's September 9th press event 
On September 3 1983, Madonna's first album debuted at #190 on the Billboard Top 200 Albums Chart in the USA. The... 
Does Girls Gone Wild still make commercials?  If, God Forbid, this one goes to extras, we may find out. 
Anderson's 1st serve goes off in that game but Murray cant take advantage. Anderson now leads 4-1 in the 2nd set #USOpen 
Has Sharknado jumped the shark? =Snarknado =may have jumped the snark 
But me & Derrick going to the Fair tomorrow 
"Brock Lesnar vs. Undertaker: A Brief History of WWE's SummerSlam Main Event: This Sunday, the two biggest attr... 
#BREAKING  Lawyers in midnight hearing say Yakub's only mercy was on Wednesday. Earlier one was by his bro &amp; acc to rule he be given 14 days 
Dana White confirms the featherweight title fight between Jose Aldo Junior and Conor McGregor is set for UFC 194 on Dec. 12 in Las Vegas. 
Shawn probably rted Obama hoping if he showed his American love he wouldn't have to do school work tomorrow 
@user tell that Leprechaun Joe Silva to make @user vs the Pot Head Nick Diaz in December... 
Might just watch the rest of Jersey Shore online n call it a night 
"Salman Khan is known for blocking Eid dates for the release of his films, but with ""Kick 2"" he may pick an... 
October 12th will be the anniversary of Wizards Of Waverly Place! 
@user Sam groaned. ""Don’t /remind/ me..."" he murmured. He adjusted himself in his pants and sat up. ""We leaving then?""" 
David Wright is 2nd All-Time in WAR for the Mets and #1 among batters. Can he return to form? 
"Sunday recovery continues with this, then Ant-Man 
Let's just hope Cyborg and Rousey fight in December is more than just a rumor. #UFC 
"There'd be absolutely nothing wrong with Muslim Brotherhood review if one was done on Saudi Arabia, too #extremism" 
Miss America visits Wichita Wednesday: The current Miss America was in Wichita Wednesday to talk about her passi... 
"Orioles and Rays losing. Red Sox could be tied for 4th, two games out of 3rd. Not exactly cue the duck boats time but what the heck." 
@user Little concerned his ascendancy may still some thunder from Frank Ocean. As you've said, Frank better hurry up w/ new album." 
David de Gea's move to Real Madrid from Manchester United dramatically collapsed on Monday night. PETE JENSON answers the burning 
@user matching Cofield in sacks. But, this is only the 1st pre-season game so.... we’ll see. 
Gay couples can get married or she goes back to jail. #disagree 
Liverpool Football Club roll out the Red Carpet for the RNLI. Nov 30th. Joe Longthorne, Asa Murphy. Tickets 32.50. Send MSG for tickets. 
Can anyone take me home from the alonso game tomorrow 
@user @user not every thing dear, you already lose once. not to mention to a Kpop group also. Lol. And this will be you 2nd" 
Kim Davis Standing Ground as Gay Couples Get Licenses: As the couples began receiving mar... via @user 
@user yeah, I'm skyping with the whole family next Sunday when I get back from Milan." 
"Launching Moto G ( 3rd Gen) | Special Exchange Offer only for you!  Starting At Rs. 11,999  
"Also being reissued October 2nd is Paul McCartney's 1983 album, ""Pipes of Peace""! Like the reissued ""Tug of War""... 
@user @user Why you wanna txt me on Labour Day and don't txt back Losah??? I got an exam on Monday morning 
Chuck Norris saves lives by not going to 3rd world countries. 
@user Riri is the queen of shade. Because her forehead blocks out the sun. 
The songs I want to hear most on sunday are Rella, La Bonita, Radical and 50 
Obama's Democrats rally magic number of Iran deal votes: US President Barack Obama on Tuesday reached the key ... 
It's DAVIS Vs Gayliath. May God bring Christians a just victory based on His truth not abominable lies.  #kimdavis 
@user aye mah dude did you tell alondraa abouut going to the bell game tomorrow? 
"This may be the odd David Bowie song here and there, but never listened to a full album." 
"Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 23 
"Out of the 29 qualifying qbs, Russell Wilson is 28th in the NFL in yards in the air.A lot of dump offs, screen passes, + intermediate routes" 
#LoganLoveStory - Remember December on my blog!! Read it Rushers :) and please give me ur commet after this 
"Phillies have allowed 8 runs to the Red Sox in the 4th. Alec Asher allows 7 runs, Jerome Williams then gives up solo HR" 
Our Rock Star speakers for the Sept 27th @user in Grand Bend are @user @user @user @user @user 
Anyone watching the Davos game? Someone told me Nash may have hurt his shoulder. Better not be true! 
"If you're my age, THIS was ""Monday Night Football!"" And these 3 guys are all gone now... So long Frank Gifford... 
Galaxy Foams painting sneak peak. Finishing in the morning. Vid tomorrow night!  
Walker: Iran deal like leaving sons unattended with girls: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker on Wednesday compared t... 
@user Like Christians working for the Saudi government would have to follow Muslim law? I thought here there is the 1st Ammendment. 
he was like my 4th bias when I started getting into kpop 
I feel like Tom Brady in the 4th quarter.  
@user so i would guess that Seth Rollins will be kissing the belt good bye Sunday most likely 
I don't have inside dope but, based on grim reports from NH, it may be the end for Rick Perry's campaign. If he goes, I say he backs Kasich 
@user I was tempted to watch the returns at Chase with Curtis's crew (pretty sure I could actually get in), but I have to work tomorrow." 
"Remember Saturday night Daylight Saving Time ends, set your clocks back one hour before you head to bed! 
"Opening up on the promotional trail for the film on Friday in Sydney, Ice Cube told Daily Mail Australia that he feels both men were" 
Miss USA tomorrow is either going to be the most watched show in 20 years or the least watched show in 20 years. 
On Tuesday I will be wearing double Nike socks with leather sandals 
Tonight CSA will announce a new sponsor. Today the Kai Cricket Board played their KFC Mini-Cricket festival and they continue tomorrow in EL 
Former Bristol White Sox pitcher James Casey with 3 catches for 30 yards on Saturday for #Broncos in preseason game. @user 
@user I think so ill bring it on Monday is it the Adidas 
@user @user haah wednesday is the old english for odin it didn't come from Christians 
David Lingmerth (12/1) &amp; Scott Piercy (33/1) are now tied for 1st with Dustin Johnson on 6 under. In-Play &gt;  #USPGA 
"Remember the """"4th round prospect"""" that made people question Iupati’s ability at Senior Bowl? @user #Geno" 
"David Price lost a late lead against the Yankees in Friday's 4-3 defeat, allowing three runs on 11 hits over 7 1/3 innings." 
@user I'd forgotten about Alonso. Come to think of it I have 6 or so Bayern matches saved to watch. May have to start soon. 
.@khalidalkhalifa Look at the media coverage of #Bahrain regime's arrest of Nabeel Rajab 1 Oct 2014 
#tbt to the Oregon V. UCLA  football game last Saturday! #Oregon #Ducks @ Rose Bowl 
Who's going to Radio 1 tomorrow to meet The Vamps? 
Brock Lesnar Wo... - ESPN posted footage of Brock Lesnar manning the security gate at ESPN studios on Tuesday. 
@user I may have gone to an Australian Bee Gees Tribute Show because of the Barry Gibb Talk Show... 
LSU Coach Les Miles said BCS title game has no bearing on Saturday’s matchup with Alabama 
#pakistan#news Procter and Gamble sales fall 6.7 %: P&G said net earnings in the quarter to September 30 fell to... 
@user Rahul Gandhi should change his script writers and hire some talented ones. And, may be he should change his Guru Diggi !" 
Trying to book flights from Vancouver to Disneyland in November. Can anyone help with that? Best rates? Best airline? 2 adults/2 kids 
@user  @user 8th as im going to eng v nz at twickers on the 1st 
Sales Joke of the Day (August 20) IBM.  @user @user #thewatercooler 
"Obama closing gap with Romney in USA 2012 elections: (AGI) Washington, 25 Oct.- Seventy-two hours after the fina... 
The strategy behind playing Madrid &amp; Milan on the Tues &amp; Wednesday before a Saturday game @ Old Trafford?Was it a few quid for DL to trouser 
"The main games I remember actually getting new was the 2nd Pokemon Mystery Dungeon , Bioshock 2, and Dark Souls 2" 
"Hope Woy mixes it up for the game tomorrow,I'd start Butland, Rooney in the 10 role behind Kane. Bring Vardy and Barkley on when 5-0 up #Eng" 
POTUS was here in Boulder today, with the same old stump speech. Meanwhile, in Staten Island, his Lower 9th Ward: 
the iTunes record is still held by Ariana. the 2nd fastest time is Roar by Katy Perry. 1D and Jb failed to beat it. 
Rick Perry drops out of the race &amp; leaves politics. Starts a movie production company meant to rival Marvel Studios. 1st film: Roland Raven. 
"How will UK pay for refugees government has pledged to take?: On Sunday, the chancellor, George Osborne, annou... 
@user Ben Affleck with @user before Thursday practice #SpartanDawgs 
"Super Eagles skipper and Lille goalkeeper, Vincent Enyeama celebrated his 33rd birthday on Saturday, with his... 
@user Goon is on tomorrow at 9, just sayin. 
New Haven and Bentley will also face off next Friday night as both teams looks for their first win of the season.  #NE10 
my hw is due tomorrow. so here's some of the harry potter theme song 
Shooting myself in the foot >>>> taking the ACT tomorrow 
Today's Schedule - September 8  8:30 AM - Vinyasa Yoga with Emily 6:00 PM - Power Yoga with Chic  See you for practice! 
Boarded up and Evacuated: Ritz Carlton at the Battery her with @user for her 21st bday 
Thursday Unbearable Slackers will be performing at the Le Grand Fromage in Atlantic City. Doors open at 6pm and you MUST BE 18+ TO ENTER. 
@user have Trina call me when you get there, I’m tryna go by there tomorrow 
"Curious about Airtime, the new video chat service from Napster's Sean Parker? Check out tomorrow's Topical Storm for more info!" 
"UFC has done it again, stacked their deck to the gills, &amp; unfortunately Robbie Lawler is the 1st to have to bow out. UFC 193 gets Rousey." 
@user @user @user Right, well. Merlin, I'll be checking on you um... tomorrow. Please have clothes on." 
"But I'll just read ""Paper Towns"" while I wait because I'm seeing it tomorrow." 
If #Arsenal don't sign anyone on #DeadlineDay Wenger should have to give the entire Kanye West VMA speech tomorrow. 
Could we find out today just why Apple spent $3b for Dr. Dre's Beats? Inquiring minds want to know. 
"Danny Elfman's score for """"The Silver Linings Playbook"""" just may be the oddest but most intriguing score he's composed since """"Sleepy Hollow""""." 
"Should be doing my essays and a pile of work, but no, I'm just sat here watching the twilight movies. #priorities" 
"It may be a giant leap for cable net Reelz, but the Miss USA pageant took a few steps backward on Sunday night.... 
"Columbus friends, are any of you willing to go see the Sharknado 3 premier with me tomorrow night? Actual party downtown, not a theatre!" 
Liam may be the dad of the group but Niall's the other more strict dad who gotta whip the boys in shape If U Aint Listening Ull get Crackerd 
Remember how Zayn left the band on my 18th birthday :/ #5monthswithoutzayn 
@user @user The news is bad for her. Ergo, it may not be presented as the most happy thing for Hillary. 
News Alarm: Tim Byrdak (P - NYM) Tim Byrdak is going in for surgery with Dr. David Altchek in New York tomorrow. (http://t.co/GMrPWv9W) 
"And this just in. According to right wing-nut, IRA, 2nd amendment, evangelical, climate denying, do nothing,... 
If you bought an iPhone today, you lost. New ones get introduced tomorrow.                             Don't lose, win. 
Stopped at Dunkin and got a spot on the 3rd floor? #itsgonnabeagoodday 
Remember to make @user your #1 option for Game Night Meals for tomorrow’s Knicks/Heat game and Saturday’s Nets/Raptors game! 
"I promise you that when you look at results on September 30 we'll be fine," Jeb Bush says of fundraising tumult 
Sorry for the Big Brother spam y'all! It's a Thursday thing! 
Kalo messi??RT @user Pic: Jose Mourinho with Sun mingming (Chinese Basket ball player & one of the ... 
@user Hey you! I’m gonna be in Dublin in February. Know what I’m saying? 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes pleasure principle mettle may increase the bifurcated thy simple drag gaining ... 
@user @user I may have missed that memo. (Also about time) 
@user is starting Thursday for the Michigan Wolverines in place of Trey Burke. #RegionPride #IguardedYouInPractice 
If McGregor wins tonight someone should keep an eye on Dana White. All the blood in his body may rush to his dick and make him pass out 
"(Asia's only) Watch Kris Jenner on """"Beyond Candid with Giuliana"""". Tuesday at 8pm (JKT) 9pm (HK/SIN) 10pm (MAL) one E! 
"A note to any activists and journalists who may have the infamous Dr Mohamad from Baba Amr on their Skype, his... 
Stevie Tv If you think you can make $200-400 a day on twitter. Make it happen  407.476.7302 REF# ?=nhB6 
Watch live Queen of the South vs Edinburgh Cit 
8am in UK then 4am here in the Philippines but the same date. Nov/3/2012 
@user there is no crisis in Turkey, Erdogan managed the politics and take to elections 1st Nov.  Democracy works.. 
Fun fact:hasnt been on an actual hit record since Go Getta. He was on the Lady Gaga si 
"With respect, and I agree with so much you say ... we can't eg., change Thursday to 4thday because Thor didn't exist 
One of the main influences for @user 2nd album is Michael Jackson... No joke. 
Overworked Chris Evans quits TFI Friday on account of Prime Gear commitments amid claims the ... 
@user has got Dubstep, Drum & Bass, Electro, Moomba, and more Every Thurs at the new @user weekly #Bass #Party" 
*gets email about Paul McCartney playing at Joe Louis in October* *texts mom about us going to the Paul McCartney concert* 
The report may force Delhi Police to register an FIR in the case as none has been filed so far. @user 
Trump: Gay marriage the 'law of the land': Republican front-runner Donald Trump said Friday that he wished a K... 
if scotus can make laws about gay marriage &amp; abortion the next logical step is redefining the 2nd amend. get ready 
Kris Bryant...So what was Scott Bora$ bitchin' about?  WOW!  2-0 #Cubs in CHC/LAD Top 2nd 
1st Journey to the Center of the Earth, 2nd Journey to the Mysterious Island, and the 3rd??? Journey from the Earth to the Moon :)) 
"SNSD's Tiffany, CNBLUE's Yonghwa and B2ST's Kikwang MCs for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert Nov 10 
"September 3rd 2015, Frank Ocean's album still hasn't dropped. Every day at 4 o'clock i check if it has come out yet." 
Is that Liam Neeson sat next to Roman Abramovich?, I’d sleep with one eye open tonight if I was DiMatteo! #CFC #MUFC #SuperSunday 
Lexus may try again with a luxury coupe #EB5 
Jazz and Celeste are seeing Jack White in London on Saturday and I shall be eating Nutella with a spoon 
"Rory McIlroy remains world no.1 in the latest rankings while Rickie Fowler moved above Jim Furyk, Dustin Johnson &amp; Justin Rose into 5th spot" 
8th grade Nicole and Kurt Cobain.. spot the difference 
Again, awful from Barca. Not the best result, they should get 3 goals or more. Calderon on the 12th, serious. 
@user did you know there is another Volvo out there with a HIB plate spotted on the M20 on Wednesday evening? 
Vettel: Have you perhaps a few suggestions on how I could spend Saturday afternoon in Austin ? #F1 #AustinGP 
still have no costume for Saturday @user - if dead rock stars is on, John Belushi it is in Juliet Jake Blues guise 
Rolling Stone has published drinking game rules for tomorrow's debate.  And @user will be live tweeting the game. 
Anyone fancy 5 tickets for Nervo at digi on Sunday? Willing to reduce the price 
From the Soundboard will feature #GeorgeCarlin and #PaulMooney Wed Jul 11 3 to 5am  summer fund drive. #donate #money @user 
"I know I'm seeing Ed Sheeran tomorrow, but Justin Bieber, you are still my man." 
@user 1st the votes rnt rigged & 2nd why would u give up on 1D? Beware beliebers you got another Sydney Dalton #voteonedirection 
"#Sports 3 Cowboys Jerseys Among NFL Favorites: Russell Wilson may have the jersey, but the Cowb... #VoiceOfDallas" 
"Be nice to everyone, always smile and appreciate things because it could all be gone tomorrow~ Ed Sheeran" 
Watched Muse on the Jonathan Ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on Wednesday! Eeeeek! 
Cameron: Tony Blair of the Cons! May he have the same legacy! 
@user Hi, I'm with Ira of Globe. Our apologies. May I know if this is for DSL?" 
@user Sunday's version on the BBC was so bad, I wish my telly had been wrapped in brown paper. 
So...Cafe Asia might be the move for Saturday... 
@user at Irving Plaza NYC July 21. Chexk out the poster: 
@user @user nigga I’m stoned I just got back from a blunt ride thur boxford nd Georgetown @user 
REMEMBER! We are going to Blackpool Illuminations next Saturday (3rd). A few are coming...anyone else up for it? 
@user Hi there. Apologies for the late response. This is Arjhay pal of Ira. May I ask you to try sending ... 
Bill Murray: Yeah, on Monday I am off to meet Infinity Ward about the next game, Modern Warfare 4, Im doing work on the sequel to MW3 
@user if I hit 666 by Friday I'll sign off with Iron Maiden 
Anderson now has the confidence to take rips at the Murray 2nd serve. Time to take off a few mph and up the first serve percentage Andrew 
@user KLUB ACE!!! Klub ACE !!!!   This SATURDAY!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30 
Marichalar is probably gonna wake me up at 5:30 AM blasting AC/DC tomorrow because it's game day and oh he plays to tu que sabes 
Gucci gob shade face june emerge the couple your chap entering mere chance on pros and cons vital: ncCoOqyMh 
Christmas or the Feast of Dedication? Passover or Easter? Memorial Day or Purim? July 4th or Feast of Pentecost? 
"Can't wait to see the lame ass ""think pieces"" about how Nicki is ""an angry black woman"" and how she was ""mean"" to Miley tomorrow" 
@user *WWE Monday Might Raw because of the goat John Cena 
It's Saturday night !! What U2 album are you listening too ? 
@user tell me your going to see Paper Towns on monday 
@user will be the subject of a Country Music Hall of Fame cameo exhibition. 'Eric Church: Inside the Outsider' opens Sept. 18. 
Yakub may hv a case based on Raman's report but left liberals entry 2 save him has changed character of the case. Wd they do 4 Sadhvi Pragya 
@user Those who justified Mumbai Police’s incompetency for Aug 11 are the same ones who supported Delhi Police’s action at Ramlila...!! 
"Going to bed early tonight! Pssas tomorrow, then the walk, then track and later basketball. #needssleep #goingtobealongday" 
@user with happy homes coming out i think so!!! and also gay marriage may start showing up too... 
Tomorrow Venus is gonna eclipse with the sun! Watch out for it guys! 
Notions that the gap between the rich and poor in South Africa is widening is a farce, SA President Jacob Zuma said on Thursday. 
Its Saturday Night - hope you are listening to us discuss Big Brother!!  Hour Two of the show has started  #bb17 
@user --Anymore missions you may need for me to do today, Naruto!"" Sakura replied, the same small smile still upon her lips." 
AP dinner tomorrow but nothing in the morning. Anyone wanna go to Dunkin' Donuts tomorrow morning? 
Hi guys, girls working tonight :- Passion, Alice, Harley, Sky, Stacey, Adriana, May, Paige and Willow. See you soon x 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich sat down for an exclusive interview with ABC News' Chief Anchor George Stephanopoulos following the announcement of 
Hillary says.. "I understand that you may have more questions, &amp; I am going to work to keep answering them." ..huh? work to keep answering? 
David Price retires A-Rod with 2 men on to send it to the bottom of the 5th. Jays up 3-0 
@user I'm from holland!  Jamming on Steal My Girl after the WWA movie on Sunday 
"Big turnover-on-downs forced by Highland Park D at the Horn 31. HP down 35-21, now w/the ball in the red zone as 3rd is winding down." 
And it's gonna happen. International break combined with transfer door just closing? Juventus prepare January assault for Gotze! 
Kim Kardashian shows off her post-baby body as she exposes her bra in a sheer: On Monday the 35-year-old Keepi... 
"""""Grace means you give something they may not deserve, but you give it to them anyway."""" - Joseph Prince" 
Angela Merkel is expected to go see Tristan &amp; Isolde at Bayreuth. I want her job 
sitting next to 15 yr olds at northpark talking about whether they want a Mercedes or Lexus for their 16th bday wow the struggle is so real 
"Floyd Mayweather is yet to announce who he will fight on September 12, in what could be his last professional bout before retiring, but he" 
Catching the 2nd half of Munich v. Leverkusen now #bundesliga 
@user @user @user Are you guys trying to work in another Sharknado reference for Friday? 
the 4th great ninja war in naruto is 11 hours long. later guys 
@user heey do you know anything about UVA’s fallll fest loll they invited me so im going this sat but i really dont know what it is loll 
Call me behind the times but the Hulk Hogan stuff on Twitter recently has made my week and it's only Tuesday.  #HULKPLS 
I think at this juncture I may like Queens of The Stone Age more than I like Nirvana. tending bar @user tonight if you'd like to discus 
#days #dool Tuesday Rafe with Roman thinks too easy. Justin says to arrest CHad what the hold up and shouts at rafe 
So I asked a diehard FSU fan about the game against Dook on Sat & they are kinda worried about Coach Cut & his Coastal division leading team 
Dustin Johnson leads PGA Championship: Dustin Johnson hits a drive on the 16th hole during the first roun... #PGA 
Am I really going to see the Foo Fighters on Tuesday???!?! 
I love that Sarah Palin called Donald Trump "avant garde." I like to believe that Trump squints because he sees the truth like a sun. 
"David Price gets 1st win as a Jay, going 8IP-11k-1ER!" 
@user @user  Alert-1st finish internal enemies(IM, SIMI, CPI-ML) with free hand to IB, NSG, NIA. Learn from Indian History." 
"I felt like a kid last Thursday (6 days ago). I walked into Slackers, came out with 25 CDs and wow! I felt like I... 
Coming to a news stand near you! The best conservative magazine on the block. I write on why GOP needs a new Jack Kemp. 
The Ladykillers is to play the Theatre Royal in Glasgow after a critically acclaimed run in the West End. It will open on 19 Nov. 
"Dear Liberals: If #Obamacare and gay marriage are ""the law of the land,""  what are the 2nd ammendment and immigration laws?" 
@user I haven't order yet but i need it Tuesday if i order now how many days take to reach saudi arabia ? 
@user yes! Both and oneil told me not to come in unless it’s gone tomorrow haha 
Interesting how Theresa May is in hiding but George Osborne is now the voice of hard right next step: PM-ship bid #UK 
If Barcelona beat Eibar tomorrow and Messi plays it will be Messi's 300th win in a Barca shirt. 
"No stream tonight. Dark Souls tomorrow, I swearssssss." 
Oct 16: Habibur Shiekh (Most Wanted) operative of the terror module and 'trainer' at the Simulia madrassa arrested by NIA #BurdwanTerror 
If the music is unheard how do they know it's from Kurt Cobain? 
Insider: Obama May Be the Last President via @user 
"If you ever wondered how Professor X would sound like reciting the lyrics of Bad Blood, then this one's for you  
I'll be at the WordPress Meetup in Milan next Tuesday - spots still available! 
"""""Harry Styles is leaving One Direction and going to form a two-man band with Ed on the 31st of February."""" Right, and I’m married to Obama" 
#ThrowbackThursday: our weekly dive into the Toyota archives: Every Thursday we take a look ... #toyota #usedcars 
"Aug 2, AB 3: Brewers challenged (tag play), call on the field was upheld: Kris Bryant singles on a line drive to center fielder Shane" 
"If you used gigs &amp; tours to purchase your shawn tickets on the Monday, will you have a chance of winning a m&amp;g ticket? @user 
Probably for the 1st time the entire students would be present in #MountCarmel for free entertainment from Rahul Gandhi in Bengaluru 
"On this day in August 29, 2011~ #RAW: John Cena &amp; Sheamus vs. Christian &amp; Mark Henry  
"Check out Battle of the Winds at the Earth Festival in Lyme Regis on Sunday BBC One - Spotlight, 08/05/2012 
Convenient location to the Georgia Dome: This is our 2nd time staying at the Omni at CNN and both times we wer... 
"Presidency, Boko Haram reportedly begin negotiation talks: There may be hope around the c... .. via @user 
All you people watching Sharknado tomorrow are they terrorists hate us. 
FCA tomorrow 7:20 AM in the team room, be there. 
"2nd movie for the night - Ghost Rider :"""") #nowwatching ~" 
"Our TBox bartender, Bill Carter (http://t.co/KVpCbVIn) just published his 3rd book-""""Boom Bust Boom""""- come meet the... 
If Milan wants to sign Witsel they have to close the deal by tomorrow. Otherwise Juve will go all in on Witsel if they fail with Draxler. 
"Goals for tomorrow: Big Mac, hard shell taco from Taco Bell, Dunkin coffee, AC Moore, gasoline. I think that's it." 
All settled into the hotel in RI for a few days as the 1st few stops on the Bentley tour begin. 
Pierce the veilRT @user Miss may iRT @user Lagu demen Bullet for my Valentine, hbu ?? 
Our Childcare costs are going up by 11% in October. Thanks to George Osborne. 
"Dublin’s Street Pub Come join us for Open Mic. Thursday, as the Party continues here at Dublin""""s Street Pub.  $ (cont) 
"Would anyone wanna go with Shawn and I to Renn Faire Sunday, September 20??" 
I wonder if De Gea was sat in his car in the Real Madrid car park waiting for a transfer Odemwingie style 
@user The 1st Amendment applies to EVERYONE not just Christians. She does not have the right to force others to follow her faith. 
"This coming Sunday, @user continues the series on 5 major spiritual strongholds among Christians: Anger. Ephesians 4:26-27." 
Tottenham v Wigan: Match Preview::  Tottenham and Wigan are set to meet at White Hart Lane this Saturday as the ... 
@user @user How about a silver-gilt medal as in Chelsea Flower Show for the people who've tried hard and come 3rd? 
Need to get myself the Muhammad Ali hoody from @user ...payday tomorrow #hmmm 
@user @user .. Which they won't do as they are facing a transfer ban akin to Barca. Even De Gea going January misses the CL. 
"If by ""Christians"" you mean labor unions, then sure. 
Video Game Trailers - Launch Trailer: Check out the launch trailer for Mass Effect 3. Added: Fri Oct 26 00:11:11... 
Rogan just cried infront of Rousey? c'mon Joe 
Knicks vs Celtics is just a 3pt shootout New York has 9 and there’s 5 mins left in the 2nd 
Imagine an alternate universe where Stephenie Meyer got really into BL and the 4th Twilight book ended with Edward and Jacob making out. 
I get that marriage equality probably isn't an issue that directly affects Nicki so she may focus on it less... 
ATTENTION!!! WorldStarHipHop will be at #TheFactory SATURDAY! Also a few people will be leaving with they bills paid! NO TIPS! JUST BILLS! 
"Oliseh returns next week for AFCON qualifier: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, will return to the country next... 
@user @user yea, but on the other hand, why was Briana attending the London concerts hangin out with his fam in September? :-)" 
"Your Sunday morning song: David Bowie singing to his new born: ""We bought you a lot of things to keep you warm... 
@user are you working Friday? Star Wars day? 
Kerry attends "annual refugee resettlement and admissions program consultations" on the Hill tomorrow. Then he meets Durbin, #IranDeal whip. 
@user @user I wish that CustomFolderIcons worked on iOS 5.1.1 and it was received on December 11th. 
"De Gea will still be a Real Madrid player tomorrow. It's Real Madrid, they bend the rules. The Spanish FA will bend over for them." 
#SEOchat "The best place to hide a dead body isn't the 2nd page of Google results...its Google+" - @user Never true words uttered 
"Is this ""Adele's new album dropping in November""  just another frank ocean" 
"Juat an FYI, the ""not afraid"" picture is from the Charlie Hebdo attack in January. None the less, #Pray4Paris" 
Here is a message from senator with info that may help, Dear Friend: I am writing because you have corresponded... 
Some folks wait for next Apple launch just so they can buy the new iPhone. And some wait just to buy a 2nd hand two gen old cheaper model. 
@user Dustin Johnson played it like the 4th round anyway, though" 
Amy Schumer Opens Up About Man That Tried To Date Her After Criticizing Her Looks: Amy Schumer sat down with T... 
@user you may wanna update the hat on David Price 
":O RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK" 
Tomorrow The Last Day of Work then I'm Off for a Week.. Ima Walk in there Like Kendrick on the Vice City Video 
"Daaaaang it, I have to sleep. More Naruto tomorrow." 
Did you know UNLV and UCLA are playing Saturday? So are Texas and Gonzaga. Secret Scrimmages Part Deux from @user 
Feels like a Monday. (@ FM Kirby Center for the Performing Arts) 
I may talk shit about twilight but you can bet your sweet ass I'll be reppin #teamjacob all day 
How has Islam established the greatest intellectual civilization of the world throughout several centuries? #sun 
On Tuesday (November 6) Tune in to my channel at 7 (CST) to chat with me live on GoogleHangouts and get your Spanish questions answered! :-) 
@user Hey Ryan! Would you consider having on Audrey Middleton from CBS's Big Brother? She made history being the 1st transgender on it! 
"Oooh realized yesterday I never did tweet a couple of things! My flight into Milan, I watched 3 movies - 3rd night at the museum, avengers 2" 
"NATIONAL ICE CREAM DAY  Sunday, July 19th is National Ice Cream Day. Click here to find out where you can get a free cone." 
Duke Energy CEO Jim Rogers spoke publicly in Raleigh for the 1st time since the merger with Progress Energy. #ncpol 
"Wait if Briana really got pregnant in march when they said she did, doesn't that mean she is 9 months already and that she is due any day?" 
Why are people looking forward to Foo Fighters tomorrow and not the fact it's my birthday? 
"You should finish with a freestyle cover of Bad Blood, or When Doves Cry.   
@user Read the 14th Admendment, thats were SCOTUS says the power for Gay marriage lays. In the Due Process Clause and Equal Protection 
"Nokia N9 Might Just Come to the UK, Unofficially Though: Finnish mobile giant Nokia may have made it clear that the UK, along with Sw..." 
Estella has become really dramatic all of a sudden. It’s really cute now but I feel like at some point it may become a problem  #girls>boys 
@user @user @user GOP war on Women keeping Carly Fiorina from 1st string debate; she clearly deserves to be their 
Just found out @user 's adaptation of my 2nd favourite film The Ladykillers is coming to Edinburgh in the autumn 
"Asiikk:DRT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK" 
There’s fluidity to the #Clippers offense even when the second team & Lamar Odom (3rd team) enter the game.  46-36 4:22 before the half #NBA 
"I'm going to Miguel Migs at Nikki Beach Miami in Miami, FL - Mar 18 
C'mon meet me in the eletric chapel #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"Floyd May to Ronda Rousey: ""Make $300M in 36 minutes, then call me""  Rousey: ""Read a Dr.Seuss book all the way to the eend, then call me""" 
@user They were here in May for Crawfish! Did you see them then? 
"if u support 1 group maybe 1 day some evil people may take control of that group and fight against Muslims, this is why i just support islam" 
Floyd Mayweather vs. Andre Berto in September... Berto's about to get tuned up 
@user just put money down on Resistance 3. Deus Ex may have to wait until Christmas. 
My heart is sad old#16 has past Frank Gifford graced Yankees Stadium as well as the broadcast booth for Monday night football RIP#C3Sports 
"Remember folks. Grabbed 3 more earnings plays today. CELG,CME and HSY all calls for tomorrow!!! 5/5 for the week   $CME 
@user My Gay friend Steff met you on Friday can i get a retweet 
Sunnybank's hooker bounces a 45m penalty goal over the posts in the 1st half of extra time.  Score is 28-31 after 80minutes  CARN HEAVIES!! 
Or when about 1/3 of Muslims stayed in India or when many in West Pak didn't want to join in the first place... 
"#Cubs Beat #Rockies 9-8 on Kris Bryant's Walk-off 2-Run HR in 9th; Starlin Castro 2-4 with 2 RBIs, Carlos Gonzalez 2 HRs #COLvsCHC" 
"Sorry guys but I had a long day, I'll post the HQ pics of Niall and Liam tomorrow morning with the concert pics -M" 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes themselves aplomb december amplify the duet yours peculiar fellow feeling unit... 
Counting down to the #ItBeginsWithMe event at @user this Sunday 1900 CEST with U2's Bono! #ZeroHunger 
By the way - Who do YOU want to see Brock Lesnar face LIVE at MADISON SQUARE GARDEN on October 3rd LIVE on the #WWENetwork? #WWE #Raw 
@user I'm going to Feedme in Ohio June 3rd 
"Prince George, 2, tells everyone he's 3 years old: Duchess Kate revealed Sunday that her son says he's older t... 
Blimey! We have a STAR guest on the Radio Horton ’Knowing Your Businesses’ show tomorrow at 10am. Marleeeene! 
wrapping up this Jersey shore commercial today. Fist Pumping all day 
#pulse_ng Sunday Oliseh: Super Eagles coach says he has been approached before 
@user @user As I will be drinking excessively tonight, I may call one of you to discuss Raoul Moat & Gazza" 
Trying to go out tonight!!! Where is there to go out here in Dallas???? 
@user Heeey could you look for Shawn's hotel in Madrid for his concert the 12th of September?? Thankss 
I just bought: '30 Trips Around The Sun The Definitive Live Story (1965-1995)' ~ Grateful Dead via @user 
Interested in Islam?  This course is being offered at Overlake Christian Church.  The first class on the 14th is... 
I just Googled something and the 10th result was my Google+ post from almost 3 years ago~ 
EU presses Boeing subsidies case at WTO. The EU called Thursday on the World Trade Organization to formally take up... 
So In Flames is coming back in December with Lamb of God, then a couple days later, Dethklok is coming with Black Dahlia Murder #stoked 
@user @user @user My friends and I are betting Joe wets his pants when he sees the whopping Mittens will get Nov 6 
"Randy Orton is going to wrestle Sheamus tonight? Yep, must be another Monday." 
"Did you sign up for a #GainConference workshop tomorrow? Be sure to check in at registration first, in the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts" 
#BOOM!!! Come party with the MB Family next Saturday night at Sydney’s infamous RED ROOM! NRL & Super Rugby  
Last year on September 8th I was meeting Ed Sheeran and this year on September 8th I'm going back to school... opposite of glo up 
@user WHSmith I think? Or an Amazon Prime account would get it there by tomorrow 
Shopping after the Bell Game Saturday . 
Pray to Batman, pray to the sun, pray to Joe Peschi. About the same odds any way you spin it 
Kane may have bitten off more the he can chew 
OFFICIAL: @user vs. @user Part Deux is going down December 29th at the MGM Grand in Vegas. #UFC155! 
"For you @user -  Sibling-wed Game with Scott and Chris Evans, Part 2 
Tickets will be sold at the Dance tomorrow for current AHS students only.  Visitor tickets will already have to be bought and approved. 
well thank you made in chelsea soundtrack and scripted goodbyes for making me cry on a Monday night 
@user Hello do you have a dm with Zayn? I am looking for it since forever...may help me? 
@user Niall, if I may ask when you, louis, Zayn, liam, harry will concert in Indonesia.  I beg you (cont) 
"Heavy fighting breaks out near the rebel stronghold of Baba Amr in Homs as Syrian troops begin a ground assault,... 
Today is 12 October 2012. Five years ago on 12 October 2007 the first Wizards Of Waverly Place episode ever premiered on Disney Channel.OMG. 
Friday the 13th isn't the only day Hulk Hogan tells his daughter to avoid black cats. 
Imaaa lay it alllllllllllll on the table tomorrow. 
"Southampton's Richard Bland is -9 after his 2nd round in the Madeira Islands Open on the European Tour. Currently tied 4th, 3 off the lead." 
@user This one is from the Charlie Hebdo but may give you some ideas 
"I'm not gonna lie, I like John Kasich. Its gonna be a shame when he finishes 8th tonight. #GOPDebate" 
"Mark Trumbo (knee) returned to the Mariners starting lineup on Sunday, going 1-for-3 plus a walk in a victory over the White Sox." 
@user 3rd pillar of Islam is to give $ to help the most needy. Doesn't seem to be happening in Saudi, Bahrain, Doha, Egypt, UAE etc." 
Championship: Team news: Bellamy in frame for Cardiff: All the team news from Saturday’s Championship game... #Boro 
@user tom in google play tomorrow day? 
We have lots of chocolate left-might have to take it to NNS on Sat! RT: @user Anyone have an excess of sweeties left from last night? 
Iran ups oil output by 500k barrels in hours: Iran said on Saturday that it has set a record in boosting its o...  
@user i think nintendo may have scraped zelda wii u completely if they haven't brought out any new info on it that's what i think 
@user it's Real Madrid , the transfer will go through tomorrow ," 
My mom is going to the Chris Brown concert tomorrow..... 
@user United, Chelsea, Liverpool and the 4th one I can't decide, either Man City or Arsenal." 
selling one Jason Aldean ticket for Saturday at blossom let me know if you need it! 
UNSEEN || Picture of Zayn with his family on August 29th!! 
dom at center stage on the 16th who trying to go 
"Kanye West may not technically be a millennial, but I think he'd agree he's part of the GREATEST GENERATION OF ALL TIME. #vmas #vmabert" 
@user @user @user @user @user ok, anyone believe Joe Biden may make a run at it? 
Floyd Mayweather has confirmed that he will fight Andre Berto September 12th 2015. 
Lingmerth double bogys the 7th falls back to a tie with Dustin Johnson at -6 #PGAChampionship 
Chris Brown was supposed to make an appearance Saturday night at a nightclub event for Atlanta Black Gay Pride... 
Entourage then going to Eagles training camp tomorrow with @user and @user 
Iherd jboogie coming to Nitemoves foam party #yall know it go dine we he around September 22nd Saturday fm 1960 Nitemoves leggo 
Join us for Splash Dance's 3rd Neon Night Light party with sounds by house DJ's @user @user [pic]: 
Id rather watch sharknado on repeat all day than have to get up at 5 tomorrow (: 
@user wins 28-10 over @user 1st win of the season. Next Fri. at home vs. Prince George. 
I know [Nicki M] was commissioned for the BBHMM remix back in June along w/ Kendrick but i have no idea what progress has been made #ANTI 
Kerry is in the last row 3rd from the right, Ellen Is 1 row 3nd from the left  viola is 2nd row 3rd from the left  
@user Maude Barlow: Why I am going to be in #Victoria on October 22nd: #defendourcoast #bcpoli #cdnpoli 
I may not be the biggest Hulk Hogan fan but he does deserve another chance especially with the lack of action on a certain NXT Diva w/ #WWE. 
J Cole used Kendrick Lamar's beat from Alright on Black Friday. That was the point 
"C'mon Charlie Hebdo, can't wait to see you make fun of the victims of terror in Paris. If the Russian plane... 
The Daily Zap: All the action from Wednesday’s six pack can be found right here in the Daily Zap. #NBA 
"Gizmodo: Here are two photos from tomorrow's Apple even  @ Yerba Buena Center for the Arts San Francisco, CA 
Giving blood tomorrow >>>> going to TOK 
"we have still one schedule left,around 20-25 days work left with SRK . We finish that in Nov &amp; then Raees is ready for next Eid - Ritesh" 
@user just tickets go on sale tomorrow via Ticketek. 
"Caitlyn Jenner and Jazz Jennings are on the agenda for tomorrow's OSAMP Live, 4pm via Google- join us! 
Seriously debating going to see Paper Towns on my own tomorrow 
'Caitlyn Jenner' appeared on Thursday 20 at the 14th place in the Top20 of Miami's Trends: #trndnl 
Also happening tonight: Nina Burleigh on the trials of Amanda Knox. At the New York City Bar Association. Details here: 
"[THENET] Sunday Oliseh launches vlog on Super Eagles updates: Chief coach of the Super Eagles of Nigeria, Sund... 
@user @user @user It may have been ""Mean"" to miss TS in DC but we'll ""Shake It Off"" and put aside the ""Bad Blood""" 
Sarah Palin wants immigrants to the US to speak some new language called "American". #US #NotOnion 
@user Sam smith and kasabian on Saturday// the script and Calvin Harris on Sunday mate was quality x 
@user do you work Sunday? we can have a Dunkin date 
"Why Christmas and not ""Holiday""? Us Jews (and perhaps Muslims) might want to know?  
RMT is playing Bob Marley and the Wailers - Sun Is Shining [Listeners: 1/100] [Requests are: On] 
#justsayin #music Jason Vernau Live @ SET Nightclub Miami February 25th 2012: Jason Vernau is back with some swe... 
@user {Once she heard his voice, Mikasa sat up with a light groan.} Hnn... I am.. is that you Saruhiko?" 
Mariners thrive in weeks following a Sharknado movie release: The movie release may spell bad news for the Tor... 
As confirmed on tonight’s episode of Monday Night Raw, CM Punk and WWE Legend Mick Foley will both captain teams heading 
RT @user I had a chance to show off the Star Tribune's new iPad app (launching Mon) on #tptAlmanac.Take a look! 
See preservation as it happens! Learn about the Kansas Question at Constitution Hall in Topeka on Friday. 
@user @user Scott Walker stands with Scott Walker. Matt and Alex 2nd; maybe Tonette. No one else. #unqualified #losingtoTrump 
Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Back Covers and Flip Covers now available in India:  Motorola launched the Moto G (3... 
#parttimeproblems Call in tomorrow. Call in- No, goddammit I don't want to know who wrote Jurassic World, CALL IN TOMORROW. TOMO- 
New Super Eagles coach Sunday Ogochukwu Oliseh has warned that his attempt to rebuild the national team would take some time. 
Moyes sat somewhere spamming the real Madrid fax machine with stationery and car hire deals chuckling away #degea 
Kendrick may have gotten all the critical acclaim... But that album ain't last past the first week from my understanding. 
@user bro you all confirm going to see JLin tomorrow ? 
The #Marlies take on the Hamilton Bulldogs (affiliate of the Montreal Canadiens) tomorrow night in pre-season action. Puck drop 7:00 pm! 
@user are you coming to the fair on sunday 
"TADA judge knew ""search for Yakub was not effected at a place near where he was apprehended"" 
@user what's happening at Claytons tomorrow night? Out in Marlow with the girls and we are deciding where to end up! 
I take it it's for holiday/schools being off reasons that Paper Towns opens here on a Monday(?) 
We need to thank the Left for making Gov. Sarah Palin trend ALL DAY on the Sunday before Labor Day on Twitter. Thanks guys. 
Mentioned in Babylon 5 (the name of episode in 4th season) and Game of Thrones (4th episode, 2nd season) #popculture 
"How many times does Naruto say ""Believe it"" in one episode? the world may never know." 
De Biasi (coach ALB): "Ronaldo better keeps quiet tomorrow or Messi will get my vote for the Ballon d'Or this time." 
"Tom Brady on Deflategate: 'We have all lost': In a Facebook post Friday night, Brady wrote he is ""s... #NFL #news" 
1st take talkin about the Boys need a leader of men for head coach, which I agree on. Lets just give Ray Lewis the coaching job lol 
@user you may have seen them: Mad Max, Jurassic World, Predestination, Area 51, Ex Machina, Kingsmen, What we do in the Shadows, ... 
"Iran inks deal  with neighbors to boost electricity cooperation: Tehran, Dec 25, IRNA -- Tehran signed an agre... 
Cmon @user ..... Chilis all the way obv ....isnt @user 's TEN Your go-to ???  Nirvana??? ......neverminddd   
@user Hey Curtis - Not sure if you have an Apple TV, but the 1st prank app for Apple TV launched today! 
Obama thinks you need a few sick days. #SkimmLife via @user 
This Sunday the Leos are taken over Jett Lounge #LionKing 
i may or may not have just purchased the Justin Bieber album on iTunes. #NoShame!!!!!!! 
@user 90s night in the Kremlin next Friday, bring your best Whigfield costume 
Who wants to bet Dustin Johnson is leading going into Saturday then blows it on the back 9 on Saturday? 
Going for a haircut hoping to look like the next David Beckham when you just look like your average Sunday league wanker 
Did anyone attend the Polish Festival in Ealing on Sunday and see the #UWL team there? 
UFO Sighting: Black Triangle Sighting in Perryton, Texas on October 20th 2012 - Black object that obscured the s... 
Set up for the bucks game and took a piss on one of the players seats. Kevin Bacon fingers crossed John Henson sits on it tomorrow 
We Are Your Friends had the 4th worst opening in history. From Justin to Kelly had the 21st #perspective 
"Ha. It may not say it on the case but starting up MGSV, Kojima's name is on the PS4's game start-up image." 
"Jimmy Fallon rolls out the first chuckle of Finally Friday with Mike &amp; Dana's """"Line Of The Night"""" at 6:20AM on genuine Country KICKS 99!" 
I'm pretty sure Seth Rollins is heading out to a Saturday Night Fever themed party after the match #SummerSlam 
Won my 5th tourney in 5 trys on the PGA Tour in Tiger Woods 12 moved from 275 in the world when I started all the way down to 71 Tigers next 
"can somebody please tell me why it says """"MNF"""" during this preseason game on THURSDAY." 
i m on break from op so maybe i should keep it up with naruto or or or watch your lie in april but like i love myself so idk 
@user It starts Tomorrow? Eid was on the 17th July so from then today is the 12 of shawaal, Allahu A3lam" 
I hope I can catch Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No tomorrow night idc how bad it is 
"Morning news reported about ' Fukushima Daiichi ', and it's queer to hear about what's going on in Japan OUTSIDE Japan." 
@user TOM BRADY WILL START THURSDAY...HAHA HATERS!!!!! @user that work file? You mean his personal cell phone? Are you mad bro? 
Obama meets every Tuesday to review his Kill List. Will he and Dave share notes so as not to drone same person twice? 
Sun took away my energy  I want some cold pressed juice and I wanna watch Seinfeld at home 
#newsupdate Showing off the real Jamaica through Bob Marley shooting: Author uses Bob Mar... #bbc #news #bbcupdat 
"5 months without Zayn""the 5th album is finished""niall is turning 22#1YearSinceFireproof  Today is Cam's b-day 
All you need to know about Udinese 0-4 Inter: MILAN - Inter beat Udinese 4-0 on Saturday night to move up to 3... 
Will there be another march by the world's leaders like the Charlie hebdo saga or will they bomb someone 
"This monstrous David Bowie ""Five Years"" 10xLP boxset is part of our 20% off Black Friday &amp; Boxset sale going on... 
I'm going back to staring at Chris Evans on tumblr and then I'm going to be. I will deal with them tomorrow 
Samsung teases round smartwatch with heavy Apple Watch influence:  Samsung's Unpacked event on Thursday brough... 
Be fair, Cde. It's like the way my Arsenal will viciously fight any team that tries to come 4th. It's our spot.  
Hey @user a few questions/follow up from yesterday. 1st did you unblock my Google+ account? 2nd are we on for todays pre-debate? 
Coastal Coffee will be at the Thanksgiving farmers market in Grand Bend tomorrow morning. 
@user If i didnt have work at 9am tomorrow i really would man. Bring your family to Ihop tomorrow morning and illserve you 
After the 9th of November, i’ll be partying like the teenagers in Project X. 
Ryan Braun with a triple off of Glen Perkins in the 9th! #Brewers #ASG2015 
@user i got one offer ""Airtel Double Data Offer with Moto G (3rd Gen.) for 3G/4G Customers"" on flipkart, so haw can i avail this." 
"Called Watchman, same story as To Set a Watchman but from the Watchman's point of view? 
Just got myself 3 FREE tickets to Kwamz&Flava on Wednesday.. But I dunno if im going 
@user @user nice one Harry Styles. Sorry boys haven’t got a mob at the mo. Think I’m at a firwework thing Fri. If not I’m there. 
@user @user may I inform you my grandadwas in the IRA or was fighting them I cant remember 
@user this Thursday's MSA meeting inshallah. Check out the Facebook event! 
@user how do you think Tom Brady will play this Thursday on TNF? 
@user Distance-wise,like Real Madrid's home games in Liverpool:was there Sat saw the mighty Hammers triumph HiltonTeper St Albans UK" 
"picking up my rolldawg from LAX tonight, &amp; then taking my manager to LAX tomorrow..my car has TAXI on it !? LOL #truehomie #imtherealMVP" 
Floyd Mayweather announces he will face Andre Berto on September 12 at the MGM Grand Las Vegas. 
"tickets still available here : for friday night's party with Teengirl Fantasy, patten and Syracuse." 
Remember to all my basketball people here NBA League pass has a Free trial from now to the 8th of November 
@user Was idolizing Hulk Hogan really a thing? I may be too young to remember that if it was. 
@user @user Think every band has thought of the name EARTH at one time. Don't forget a UK Band had Nirvana 1st. 
Audio Question: hi i am new to Lexus ownership and have a 1998 gs300 with sat-nat and scree... #lexus #Automotive 
Norris was acquired from Toronto in the David Price deal. 
Looks like it's gon be Netflix and dick in your mouth  
I woke up with U2 stuck in my brain on repeat.   I'm going back to bed. I'll try again tomorrow. 
@user alum Zack Godley K's Ryan Braun to end the 6th. 7 K's, 88 pitches, 66 for strikes, no runs, no BBs. Leading 5-0." 
I like to think that somewhere in the mid-Atlantic, George Clooney’s looking at the skies and muttering that this may be the perfect storm.. 
I was sad to hear about Frank Gifford who died Sunday at age 84. He played for the N.Y. Giants and was also married to Kathie Lee Gifford. 
Deciding if I want to spend $100 to meet Bernie Sanders Friday in Atlanta. 
Soooo apparently we are tent camping after the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow night..... Instead of bar hopping and sleeping in a hotel.... 
This seem like a long time tryin to make us 4getRT @user June 10 Trial Date Set for George Zimmerman, trial is said to last 3wks... 
MT @user You should get to use your extra Daylight Savings Time hour whenever you want to... I wanna use mine on Friday at 4pm. 
@user 25th of July. 7PM at Volstead (it’s a bar). Can you MC for a Quiz Night? 
@user @user @user   Mommy says she can print it small & put it right on October 31.  How is Lily doing? 
Federal Reserve stands firm on bond-buying program: The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday that it is standing firm... 
@user through the mud _/|\_ You may like the recordings of George Harrison chanting in London in late 60's. 
Buc's dirty up Sanchez. What do G-Men do with 5th spot? NFL player agent Ryan Tollner set to join at 8pm...On @user till 10pm 
Tryna get the Gucci Foamposites tomorrow! 
Lechlade's view on the upcoming clash with Marlborough CC on Saturday 
New Batman comes out tomorrow. The Return of Joker. There is a lot of things on the web about Batman right now.... 
Mojo Stone plays this Wednesday night with Luke Reynolds and Ben Sollee... 
Fabian Delph may miss England's next games amid fears he may have a serious shoulder injury - 
We've compared the new #MotoG (3rd gen) to the Moto G (2nd gen): here's what's new 
"Russia says ready to give #Iran planes, loan   Russia announced on Tuesday that it is preparing to supply Iran... 
@user @user @user I think Shawn may be recast. Look at the guy MM recently started following. Looks just like him. 
@user @user Sharknado 3 on tomorrow night. If you want we can start a Twitter campaign to get you on Sharknado 4 
"Brian Cushing had his knee drained on Saturday,  the night before the Cowboys game. MRI yesterday, treatment, and now day to day. #Texans" 
"Man Rapes, Infects Lover's Kids with HIV in Benue State:  The police in Bauchi State, on Tuesday have arrested... 
2103: 'We don't need governments to make peace': Israel gets unofficial Iranian ... - The Guardian (blog) 
LOLOL! Aunt: so what happen with you and Mike? You guys aren’t together? Me: WTH! Who told you? Aunt: c’mon Evelyn, FACEBOOK! 
"Stephen Carter: The 1st line of ""Go Set a Watchman"" does what it should: ""It makes us want to know what happens next"" 
@user Diablo III post-1.0.4 was very generous. They had an immediate """"maintenance"""" after the 1st 24 hours. Generosity gone. *shrug*" 
@user @user yes it is a song partly about Hillsborough, my point is it was aimed towards Suarez on Sunday 
@user I’ll be in Poland but back Sunday eve, catch you then! 
Stoops says one of his players will miss 1st half vs LSU - self imposed penalty for what he calls selfishness on the field. No name given 
Finally get to use my GC from Mother's Day for a facial and massage tomorrow! Now I can act like I'm the stay at... 
Tyldesley says we haven't yet heard the name of the striker to beat Rooneys record 10mins after Kane scores his 3rd in 4 matches #EngvSwi 
@user What's wrong with the answer? You may applaud Rahul Gandhi for his open farce! I'm happy with a PM who's not a hypocrite! 
"Head banging to Nirvana at breakfast time (Beck, not me). Must be Friday. Although now he feels sick. Highs and lows..." 
#EPAO JCC demands ROP to workcharge employees: Urging the Chief Minister to implement the 6th Pay Commi... #MANIPUR 
@user I have the TEDMED annual conf on my Google+ page in Nov. Do you want them on Blab? 
Mon show! Live from the Clock at the Clocktower til 10:49! Stop by for chance to win Foo Fighters tix &amp; new music from Disturbed &amp; Pop Evil! 
anyone else down for IHOP with paige and I tomorrow? 
@user Putin may be the one coordinating the whole thing. Recall IRA, PLO and other cases during Cold War." 
Walked into Green Dot and the Bee Gees started playing as soon as we sat down. 
December 12th and I just ran Curtis st. hill in shorts and a t-shirt hell yeah 
@user it's all about the money I think Kochs will start dating John Kasich over Scott Walker and John may be Scotty boy out 
Tom Brady spoke for the 1st time since his suspension was lifted &amp; said he's ready to move on  
Took a pic of this guy who sat in front of me during Miss USA b/c he looked important. I guess he is pretty important 
Tomorrow night at Crocodile the Rev. J.J.V. & co. headline a benefit for some village in Tohoku that got hit... 
He want the country divided as Filthy Rich or Dirt Poor!   And EVERYBODY on my TL gone be in the 2nd category! 
Is the band White Arrows good? Might go see them on Friday #justwondering 
Asap....come to my house tomorrow and entertain me instead of everyone else going to the concert. 
@user I was looking at the Scottish Kilomathon in March. Are you about? St. Patrick's Day (my half birthday ;-)) 
Paul Dunne (a) is +2 after just two holes and has fallen back and is T-11th #TheOpen2015 
"Monday #SEC Takeaway: Kyler Murray is electric, but #Aggies need to stick w/ Kyle Allen. Too one dimensional with Murray at QB right now." 
TOK tomorrow is going to be heated over ObamaCare . 
Title for Title match, winner take all, will it be Seth Rollins or will John Cena become 16th time World Champ &amp; tie Ric Flair?! #SummerSlam 
OH Gov. John Kasich became the 16th Republican in the race on Tuesday in a much hyped - and then overshadowed - campaign launch. #nerdland 
Gucci host psychic apparatus fair prospect february coin the duet thy express next to congeries versus with ex... 
@user what do you think about the reaction is going to be for Josh Hamilton tomorrow first game back in Anaheim? 
#NowPlaying Queen - Cool Cat (2nd take with David Bowie)  
NEON theme! first round Monday night at the volleyball game in West Liberty! #wakawaka 
Kim Kardashian emoji app tops Apple charts despite low ratings: Kim Kardashian's bottom may have broken the in... 
@user French Montana Live @ DC Star this Saturday #LaborDayWkend S/o @user check it out >> 
@user @user I'm playing Dark Souls tomorrow.   What have you been doing tonight ya shit? 
"Sam's new role? Bond girl: Sam Smith may be singing the new theme song for the new James Bond movie 'Spectre,'... 
I love REM but Sweetness Follows may be the most depressing song ever. Kurt Cobain may have even killed himself whilst listening to it ffs. 
@user Quest for Fire - Iron Maiden, because we've lost the sun and we must find it soon." 
@user @user Where is the 14th coming from? Oklahoma? Clemson? I see SEC going to 16 before 13. 
murray break back anderson wud be stupid sha 2 allow a double break I expect it 2 get 2 5-3 and he serves out the 2nd set leaving it at 6-3 
You may think you're having the worst day of your life and nothing could be worse, but at least you're not the guy that cheated on Beyonce 
I just checked. Eid is on the 24th 
@user only the intro? Man you missing out and the only thing weak about J. Coles Black Friday was Kendrick's beat... 
'Dustin Johnson' appeared on Thursday 13 at the 17th place in the Top20 of Orlando's Trends: #trndnl 
Billy Crystal attends the special 25th Anniversary Screening of ’The Princess Bride’ at the New York Festival 
"With a win tonight &amp; a Rangers loss, the Twins can move into the 2nd WC spot. FYI the Rangers are facing David Price &amp; the Blue Jays." 
@user I think Chris Tucker and ICE Cube should really make another FRIDAY!!! &gt;&gt;&gt; I know right 
@user get to Dunkin for early Saturday breakfast and sign on the door says 6 am opening... 
BBC Sport - NFL: BBC agrees two-year deal to show live games &amp; highlights From November?? What's the point! 
"As Bogaerts hits his 5th home run, why the Red Sox still think he'll hit for power: 
This Thursday &amp; Friday @user #Clapham Functional Anatomy for Yoga Teachers with @user #Yoga #Teachers 
"RIP Giants legend, Frank Gifford. Gifford was the last of the Monday Night Football triumverate of Cosell, Gifford and Dandy Don Meredith." 
@user @user hope he'll not join Real Madrid on the 5th year 
Who wants to see the Naruto movie with me in October 
#BlueJays take the opener 2-1 in 10 innings!  Now 3.5 behind the #Yankees.  David Price goes tomorrow against Ivan Nova. 
Any ndublets want to go by London live at hype park on Saturday? 
Can`t say yet whether he will mount White House run: Joe Biden: US Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday h... 
Wouldn't say shes in the elite or top singers in KPOP now but goes to show how big 1st impressions or one bad moment in negative light lasts 
@user agreed, but i have a salary account and you may reconsider it, how much it could be left after EID" 
On Tuesday, Directioners around the globe were given the opportunity to get their biggest questions If u want more info suscribe yes on here 
"http://t.co/04psdX9ixP Jennifer Lawrence touched down at LAX on Tuesday sporting a """"love"""" pin on her purse. Simple enough, but if you're ..." 
"Eff that going to France for March break to see my fam and going off to Paris, Reims and Monaco #travel #addict" 
JB m&amp;g be like u may not touch Justin Bieber u may not look at Justin Bieber u may not be present in your photo with Justin Bieber   You may 
"UN Security Council to meet Friday on Turkish troops in Iraq: 11 letter to the 15-member Security Council, Ira...  
@user im seeing you November 12 aka in the hood, make me your ollg and I’ll pay you in chicken nuggets 
Nat'l Headline: Miss USA contestants prepare to take stage: Women from across the country Sunday are vying for... 
I can't believe the first semi-final of Melodifestivalen was just yesterday. Can we press fast-forward to @user #TeamDanny 
Harper,s high standards for candidate selection, Dauphin Swan River MP running for the 3rd time un nominated, stamped by Harper 
"My mom called me and said do you want to go see Kanye West perform. Too bad it's on the 25th, or else I would have seen Yeezy with ma moma." 
So people are already camping out in NYC at HOH for the Galaxy Foams that come out FRIDAY! DON’T THESE PEOPLE HAVE JOBS/LIVES!?!? 
Was the NFL Trolling Tom Brady on Twitter Sunday Night?... - (By:@ralvarez617 ) 
Imagine if you sat next to Caitlyn Jenner at like a restaurant .... I'd die 
THE SKINNY: Breezy may be getting it from RiRi AND ex, KT. Getting that cake! cake! cake! and eating it too. <3... 
What I'm anticipating about the Shingeki No Kyojin possible 2nd season is the progress of relationship bet Eren and Mikasa 
@user @user Britain's "top" divorce Lawyer says you guys should. Be ordering Bentley's shame it's rubbish 
Curtis wants Swansea to break the mould in manager search: The Swans are currently languishing in 17th place i... 
Gonna watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow on demand so I don't have to watch the fucking commercials 
@user well you forget that Yakub never returned to hide here in the 1st place. #ironic 
Was the guy interviewing Paul Dunne trying to scare him for Monday's round? #TheOpen2015 #letsseeyougetincontention #easeup 
Kirk Gone Acoustic with Quentin May @user 8:00 TONIGHT!! #KGA 
"No stream tonight, gonna relax after a rough drive home. See you tomorrow for Iron Maiden's ""The Book of Souls"" &amp; Dark Souls II :)" 
Eleanor says she’s going to practice squat peeing in the shower for tomorrow 
"Here's a link to the FEC's draft McCutcheon notice of proposed rulemaking, which is on tomorrow's agenda: 
I need a shower and to start getting ready but I’m just sat in bed blogging and watching Celebrity Juice 
Merson has predicted us to finish 8th this season and Arsenal 3rd..... Sky Sports home of the biased mofos! 
So plan for tomorrow, morning jits with Frankie and Tom, open mat drilling and specific train with my great friends then PHO 
Yoga 6:30 Weights 7:30 Conditioning 3:30  What sacrifices will you be making to improve yourself tomorrow?  #no excuses 
"Will not be at the Miss USA pageant tomorrow. Campaigning in New Mexico. Or as I like to call it ""Legal Mexico""" 
@user Shikari walks into Ichiraku's Ramen shop as he saw Naruto sitting at the bar. He sat down next to him, staying quiet." 
Follow @user if you want to win tickets to tomorrow night’s NNS race @user 
I think it may take a women like Caitlyn Jenner to beat a man like Serena Williams. #USOpen2015 #VenusVsSerena 
Eimear Mullan is still in 2nd spot as the marathon starts in Ironman Wales. 
"Wednesday’s rain (0.01"""") @ BDR brought the monthly total to 3.24"""" which is still nearly a half-inch below normal (3.64"""")." 
"Galliani: ""Boateng will be a Milan player starting from January 4, Suso will join Genoa. Honda? No problems, he is certainly staying.""" 
"""""@Drinkmysuccess: Who to the bell game tomorrow though""""" 
Anybody going back to Melaka tomorrow? Can i get a lift please? 
Arrived in Llandudno to attend the 3rd conference in 3 weeks.  My little car can almost drive itself here.  South to North #noshortcuts 
"My chum has 2 etickets for Foo Fighters at MK Bowl for this Sunday, but illness is stopping them going. Up for face value #foofighters" 
Resort Monday coming up at The KEE tonight: Back To School Girl theme! There will be a contest for the best dressed. 
4th down at your own 2 and james Franklin takes a timeout to save the delay penalty 
As all my Subscribers may know in young and now I’m doing YoutubableHD trolling So watch my tweets for news about Open Lobby 
@user @user @user No, just went kaput! PS4 ones may be lighter, but less prone to fried circuits." 
"Dear Tiger Woods,      I need you to carry those last 3 holes over to Thursday. W/o NBA I'm gonna need you to step up.   Michael" 
I’ll let Killing Joke deal with my Sunday night blues instead. That’s Dave Grohl on drums too. 
@user so when we are goin to see u in twilight..........i now its nov......but the date.......... 
"The sun is shining over the #UoNCareersRoadshow at SB. Fingers crossed for tomorrow at the Exchange Building, JC from 11am!..." 
@user TrueTriz said they may be a n update for Minecraft today but it isn't out yet. Have you got any ideas? 
"Hi Niall, Can you wish me good luck because tomorrow I have to do an operation to my foot and I'm really scared! X5" 
@user is bringing out Kendrick Lamar the 6th of December!?! Get your tickets now! 
This may be the weirdest thing Nintendo's ever made. 
I am going to the seminar Richie Hawtin (official page) is hosting at Concordia this Monday. First time going to... 
102 days ago Paul Dunne finished T22 at the Old Waverly Collegiate Championship. Tomorrow he's playing in the final pairing at #TheOpen 
How has Islam raised the most distinguished scientists and intellectuals throughout several centuries? #Boris #sun 
Christmas Family Twilight tomorrow from 4pm including our 'Young Brumbies' Club. Who will spot 'Bernie the... 
Intrigued by the mentions of alternate realities in this review of David Bowie's Lazarus: 
How yall feel about the gucci foams that are dropping sept 4th 
Sunday is just not Dustin Johnson's day 
A warm Thursday for CenLa with highs in the 80s for the sixth straight day. Natchitoches and Colfax led the way with 88.#KALB5 
Did you know that 'Chris Brown' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 8 for 2 hours in New Orleans? #trndnl 
Nick Diaz getting the start at PK for the 2nd straight week. 
Mighty Quinn: November 14: And the the winner is ... Curtis The Boxer:       
Kris Bryant exited the game due to dizziness after sliding head first into 2nd. 
@user @user ""you may not speak to Justin bieber unless spoken to"" wow didn't know I was paying to meet the queen" 
#NowPlaying December 4th by Jay-Z from the album: The Black Album 
@user I’m at my friends for lunch tomorrow on North road, did you still want to meet up? :3 xx 
Music Picks: R. Kelly, Leonard Cohen, Cat Power: fri 11/2 Grace Potter & the Nocturnals THE WILTERN If anyone should... 
@user i feel you man i feel you but it's chris evans who? every time brendon urie or doshua jun makes an appearance in yo mind 
Why couldn't terry have taken David wright out in the 5th inning yesterday so he could play today 
Black tacks on another run in the 4th courtesy Leiff Clarkson's RBI triple. Black in front of Red 3-0 Bottom 4 
Tomorrow I get to make a Birthday Cake. 
AGGTOWN: This Fri I'm on stage at Club Crucial and MykFresh with me! 
Surely they didn't make John Cena a 15x Champion shirt just so he could win a 16th. 
@user Everton are the 2nd highest users of the long ball this season. Wilshere has time and a selling club on his side. #feederclub 
I want to watch Dance Academy but I want to sleep. Sleep wins I'll watch Dance Academy tomorrow 
"Get the details behind the publication of Go Set a Watchman with a new documentary, out September 22. 
Djokovic up 6-5 in the 1st set.  Federer leads Djokovic in all-time tiebreaks, 11-10.  #tennis 
Can we get Tom Brady off every sports channel now? Penn State is about to start an undefeated season tomorrow 
"RT @user Damn. Who becomes the 3rd back, Ajayi?  RT @user Boise State RB malcolm Johnson tore ACL in practice yesterday." 
When you realise Paper Towns is out tomorrow 
Nine Pin Bird Rock race (2nd race in the Duke of Marlborough Hotel series) postponed 24 hours to Sunday 4 November, still 10 am start. 
(Reuters) - Planned Parenthood filed a complaint in Alabama federal on Friday seeking to stop the state from defunding its health cli... 
Check out Dean Ambrose on a local morning show in Providence on Tuesday! Dean doesn't stop living the character... 
@user Your review reminded me I still need 2 read the very 1st Percy Jackson book! Heroes of Olympus is an offshoot series from it? 
It's Friday by Rebecca Black is playing in the Union rn 
[ESPN] SEC lunch links:  Some linkage for you on a Thursday: Alabama will throw some different things ... #Bulldogs 
@user I ran off with U2 at 17 &amp; I think I'm still grounded! Sleeping with Sirens in Feb next yr too! #embarrassingMum 
"FT Barcelona 2-3 Valencia | Barcelona lose a league game at the Camp Nou for the first time since 21 April 2012 (Real Madrid, 1-2)" 
@user @user @user If you go to Sunday church service in Bethlehem, you will see Christians praying to Allah" 
I want to watch Paper Towns on Thursday but I seriously have no one to go with. #loner #foreverloner 
Damn Rivergate Skate Center used 2 b the spot to b on Friday the 13th. 
4th time I've cried today and it's surprisingly not about George Harrison 
@user I would vote for David Miliband if there was an election tomorrow and he was the Labour leader - move over Ed! @user 
@user Get him straight in the number 10 tomorrow night what you think? Son to Kane, Kane with the rabona pass to Son, Goal 2-0 Tot" 
The Royals won 89 games this year and the Giants won just 88 both Wildcard teams will play next Tuesday in KC in the World Series. 
Life size cardboard cut outs of Obama and Romney? Acquired. Mark your calendars and join the PSSA at Gerts on November 6th! 
We add our regrets for yesterday's tragedy at the Pride Parade. May Peace Happen during our time.  Shabbat Shalimar  
"NEW MUSIC MONDAY on today's show features Blake Shelton ""Gonna"", Tim McGraw ""Top of the World"" and Jason Aldean... 
Yet another PB today in race out by CIT. This time at 10 km distance. Finished in 51.27. Finished with races now until half marathon in Dec. 
Lobsters? Aliens? Ipads? Kim Kardashian? Today's Sunday Survey - The unusual things you've seen in a Nativity play. 
Off to watch The Runaways for the 20th time 
Freedom Friday with Carl Gallups - 1330 WEBY - THE TRUTH ABOUT ISLAM - I.Q. Al-Rassooli! 
So I think we all know who the Donkey of The Day is going to be tomorrow... (Cough cough) Kanye West 
@user if you weren't going to be on a plane to Israel, you'd be at my house watching this!!!  
@user yeah. I just expect cyborg to accuse the UFC and Rousey of being afraid of her when the dec fight doesn't get booked. 
@user ah I thought it was Sunday. Thanks. Sam Smith is Sunday I think and Black Keys tomorrow 
its july 63rd and all i want is for frank ocean to release boys dont cry 
@user The bloodiest sweet 16 ever happens on March 13th. Check out the trailer for My Super Psycho Sweet 16: Part 3 here: 
@user Kris Bryant with a two run home run cubs now only down bye 4 with 2 outs bottom of the 3rd 
"China Telecom added 8.35 million users during 2nd quarter, an increase credited mostly to the launch of the iPhone 4S. 
this is the 2nd time i've gone to starbucks in my iron maiden shirt and a worker ask me my favorite album.... i don't listen to iron maiden 
Liking how Tennessee Williams wrote a play named 'Candles in the Sun' obviously wondering if Frank Ocean read it. 
October is like the road to WrestleMania in reality. Halloween = Royal Rumble, Thanksgiving = Elimination Chamber, Christmas = WrestleMania. 
Last day of ISTEP tomorrow. 
Two Zac Brown Band tickets for sale. Next Sunday the 13th. $70 takes the pair! Need em gone! 
"Grammy Award-winner Sam Smith was confirmed Tuesday as the artist chosen for theme song duties for Spectre, th... 
@user and just as an FYI, wife has tons of real books, I have 5, 2 Levin 1 O’Reilly 1 Hannity 1 from Drew Brees, yours will be my 6th 
@user @user Soundgarden may have been first, but w/o Nirvana, I don't know that you hear PJ and others nationally" 
@user Will I see you at Paley tomorrow? 
Justin at the D&amp;G fashion party in New York, september 8th 2011 (1) 
"Super Eagles' Head Coach, Sunday Oliseh has made some adjustments to the group of home -based professionals as... 
Been listening to Runrig and Eddi Reader on loop since I left Scotland on Sunday. Think it means I miss home (&amp;poss have bad taste in music) 
Looks like I’m going to Knicks Vs. Heat this Sunday. 
"Have you seen the 1st episode of """"Styled To Rock"""", the fashion talent produced by Rihanna, dedicated to Kanye... 
@user won the game with out Allen in the 4th we would have lost murray had 0 points I do think they needed to settle Allen down 
Published on Aug 24, 2015 Vice President Joe Biden met with Senator Elizabeth Warren to discuss his potential run... 
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Andre Berto in Las Vegas on September 12 will be the last of his career. #PlanetSports @user 
@user I'm telling you, one of these Brazilians may be lucky enough to put an end to Rousey's reign. Nunes is an up-and-coming opponent." 
@user You're well-versed in bees, what do you make of Rolling Stone vs Bayer? 
If Eid is on September 11 I don't have to go to school since it's even more awk there tbh 
Royals set to host White Sox for weekend set: John Danks will be in search of his 10th career victory vs. the ... 
"Braun homers, but Reds stop Brewers win streak: Ryan Braun hit his 25th home run of the season, but the Cincin... 
"#nature #day #sunday #coldweather #vsco #vscocam #vscoedit #vscoitaly #milan #italy @ Milan, Italy 
Gucci gob id security june mean the duplex thy signalizing on melding in transit to handy man lively: CrOEvHYXp 
I think iggy should just rap slow like Gucci mane it may sound better or have a automatic Closed Caption when she raps 
Maggie Gyllenhaal arrives at the 22nd Annual Film Independent Spirit Awards 
Striker Louis Saha signs a one-year deal at Sunderland and could make his debut at Arsenal on Saturday. 
Vanilla Bean Ice Cream Sandwich with Chocolate Ganache - Chandler May 
"Breaking from the ""11th commandment,"" Scott Walker targets Jeb Bush in a new video 
@user Which one are you there for ? @user myself and some friends will be at the SA game going to Twickers town for drinks 1st? 
#Forbes CUPERTINO, CA - OCTOBER 04: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks at the event introducing the new iPhone 4s at the ... 
New #Nigeria boss Sunday Oliseh is in the crowd at Wembley and one of his Super Eagles - Victor Moses - is now on the pitch... #AFCvCFC 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever ? Gandhi #QUOTE 
I'm in #phuket next Tuesday and wanted to know if anywhere will show the champions league game of #mcfc vs Juventus? 
Justin Bieber Is Working on His Man Bun (and His Tan) Over the Holiday Break: Man buns may not be the safest h... 
"Precisely why Iran was included on the list is unclear, since it is a foe of the Islamic State 
@user Hi Ashley, My country,South korea like the US will be the Presidential election on December 19 ^^ 
@user @user The Pope is way advanced than the century self, he's probably in 23rd LMAO 
Too busy soloing old raids to do anything else atm. Firelands first. Then ICC. Then Throne of the Four Winds. I may do DS on my main... 
"This is from January during the Charlie Hebdo memorial, not tonight. People are staying indoors right now. 
@user Any news re the new David Bowie single out tomorrow? 
may or may not be wearing a leaf village headband while watching new Naruto rn (hint: it's lit) 
some times on Friday I'm still compelled to sing a little Rebecca Black. just 'cause. 
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK banner outside of the Winspear Opera House First public performance Oct 27 
@user @user @user @user @user Any of ya'll going to MSA on Thurs? 
Members: we will be helping at the polls tomorrow and Saturday as greeters. If interested we are working at Garner until 7 tomorrow 
Perry: Morgan State is beating Howard, 7-0 at the end of the 1st quarter of Howard’s Homecoming football game. 
Crimes against women: Khaps, women panel meeting on Oct 28: It would be for the first time that Haryana khap panchayats and National ... 
Marty's Dogs of Miami: Marty's Dogs No. 171-In Praise of the All-American... Tomorrow: National Hot Dog Day. Eat up! 
I'm a sociologist with an Amazon Prime account; I also eat strawberries in December. I am the problem! 
@user @user I’ll see if there’s any consistency with it tomorrow. Might be my iPod (4th gen), who knows. 
@user could be car crash TV! Celebrity Big Brother: Full lineup revealed as Janice Dickinson enters the house   
@user I have a couple, of Jets games, but they’re from the end of the season. wish i’d kept more of dec. also, i have the Sam Gagner game. 
"RT @user From now on our commentaries will be FM one game... AM & DAB the other. So tonight Everton vs #SUFC is on FM, Blackburn v ..." 
"Some men may follow me But you choose ""death and company"" Why you so speechless?  #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
Take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun #MTVSummerStar Katy Perry 
You may be on to something tho frfr stranger things have happened. Look at the twilight girl lol 
@user Hey got your tix for Looper on Wed :) it’s 630 at Sylvia Park - do you work in town? 
New York Mets get big 16-7 win over the Philadelphia Phillies (Monday's MLB scores): David Wright hit a long h... 
 #MonsterMafia vs. The Runaways from @user last weekend! We return in singles action Nov 3rd!  We want a #REMATCH 
@user my liver needs a rest. I'm going to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow. LOL 
Balotelli in contention for Coppa?:   Mario Balotelli may be fit to make his Milan retu... 
I wonder if by that time Briana finally had the baby 
@user im being dead ass lol Kendrick nominated for 11 grammys most by any artist 2nd is taylor swift and the weeknd 
"I'm going to Vance Lee at Rum Runners in Cocoa Beach, FL - Sep 7 
On September 6 1989, Madonna performed Express Yourself  at the 6th annual MTV Video Music Awards at the... 
"My dad is going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow in concert, I don't try to understand my parents anymore" 
@user Hold on the source that said Zayn dumped perrie over text was also the sun and 99% of LM fans believe it! 
#Overheard at #Candidate101: "Did you know that Rick Perry ran out of $ to pay his staff? It's the 1st time he's paid women as much as men!" 
My first Ipod was a 3rd Gen, everyone else had iPhone 4s at the time. 
Tomorrow Never Comes - Zac Brown Band (Not Acoustic Version)@gblack1984  ...from the same album #bango 
And the new Tomb Raider has been given a release date, roll on March 5th. 
Why anti-terrorist coalition in Saudi Arabia may not be quite what it seems 
@user @user is currently on a 2 week trial with stoke city played for their firsts in a training game v Rochdale on Tuesday 
Guess I'm going to Knott's Scary Farm on Wednesday 
GrOVe City Wet Bar FriDay Night W the Ladies... Red Bottoms.Came In Mail Yesterday Time Break Them Bad Boys In....#Trendsetta 
"Come on, Murray!! Anderson hitting the ball like there's no tomorrow" 
"It may not be Sunday, but Dustin Johnson is still getting last round jitters. He's started with four bogeys! #DeutscheBankChampionship" 
"i'm taking the CAHSEE (I've never taken it bitches so stfu) CSU & UC applications are in progress, and i'm taking the SAT Saturday. fuck -.-" 
"Sunday Bloody Sunday by U2 is #nowplaying in Vera's On The Drive, Vancouver.  Download it now at 
@user plenty of ""Muslims"" I have met around the globe may carry ""Muslim names"".. but they r stauch atheists..religion is not a race!" 
@user Also read how #MSM lies: thin crowd @ Ramlila on 3rd day:http://t.co/w5NNSQyW n Read for facts 60K+ crowd 2day 
Is there really any point in Dustin Johnson playing the 4th round of a major? 
Summer Reading Club Members: Tomorrow is the last day to log any more books. 
On Monday I go back to my old job for the fourth time. My life is the Groundhog Day movie. 
David Wright comes through!   #Mets lead 6-5 in the 7th! 
Deadpool game for Xbox One and PS4 arrives in mid-November: Activision has announced to release of the r... #Fari 
@user check out the one for Silent House at The London Tombs tomorrow night too! 
In his session at the 11th International Cloud Expo, Brian Clark, Vice President, Field Services, at Objectivity... 
"Soaking rain falls across Metroplex: Widespread rain across the Metroplex soaked the region Saturday,... #dallas #news" 
Harry talking to the 9 year old boy/auctioning him off at MetLife - August 5th 
Got a PandoMonthly ticket to hear a fireside chat w/ Reid Hoffman Thursday in SF. I’ll report on it or hopefully a buddy can fill in for me. 
Who wants to go see The Weeknd with me at Oracle on Dec 5th? 
FEC hold farewell session for seven ministers - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday led the Federal Executive... 
Roma and Juventus meet in a blockbuster Serie A clash tomorrow and here's a look at the odds 
Appeals Court Hears Challenge to Florida Drug Testing Law: Arguments were heard in the 11th Circuit Court of App... 
A final sign that you’re growing is that you find time to watch 30 Rock on Netflix on Friday at 2pm. #toofar? 
It’s Radio 1 Rocks next -  week starting off with a Live lounge on @user show with Bullet for my Valentine on Monday 
So De Gea will be just like the Barca situation, can't play but is basically at the club because he should leave when January comes 
@user Curtis (bladesboy2), May I ask you to check my Profile? Because There's a Limited Secret to 1500.000 Coins FIFA 16" 
Having a crap Monday? Let's all just enjoy this shovel that sounds like Nirvana 
@user  @user @user was not the case.  In fact 1st (&amp; greatest spread) of Islam had no forced conversions. 
okeem ampbell. @user Comely Katy Perry Images. You may want to see: 
@user It's the #NFLGirlUKFFDraft on Monday, you all set? Feeling confident? Or does being in Milan mean auto draft for you! Ha" 
Shawn is doing a show on the 19th right? 
@user there's a shop in Auburn called 'Morning Glory' as well. Don't know if it's a toy shop!!! #unbelievable 
"Due to the hurricane, game 1 of the the Eastern conf semi-final has been moved to RFK on Nov 3. The 2nd leg will be in NY on Nov 7. #DCU" 
"Oppo HR for Abreu, not far from the pole. His 24th, and it's 1-0 White Sox." 
"Well they stole Josh Hamilton from the Cubs! Why not Schwarber, too?! 
"Rory McIlroy and Jordan Spieth each birdie the 7th to move to -2, four shots behind the leader Dustin Johnson" 
"Kris Bryant lines out to RF, Austin Jackson is doubled off @ 1st after 3 @ Wrigley Field the #Cubs &amp; Diamondbacks remain scoreless" 
I’ll pretend like today is Friday and party it up like it’s the end of a long week day. YOLO, people, YOLO. #headingtohipstertown! 
so remember when I said I was going to get the Apple Watch on Friday 
09 Nov: Selena Gomez with Amy Schumer the 25th Annual Glamour Woman Of The Year Awards in New York City 
From Facebook, Thursday is MARGARITA day at Sandy Springs! On the rocks or frozen, for $4.50! NFL, College Football, Baseball n More!... 
"Copped the new HTC yesterday, interview at dunkin donuts warehouse Monday,  shits going good man." 
@user Hi there. Sorry for the late revert. On the behalf of Ira. I am here to assist you. May I know y... 
Are we going to have a copy of Kane and lynch 2: dog days to play tomorrow? 
"I visited zayn's twitter and i saw "" 21st of august watch it out girls :)"" and suddenly gone and it return to his first tweet wtf" 
Celebrity Big Brother is back tonight at 9 usually I update however tonight there will be no updates from me until tomorrow night 
@user we’re going to ricks cafe on thursday! Or come here anyday! 
May God protect and guide our Nigerian army in fighting against the Boko Haram where is ex president GEJ with his fake Army to see. 
Curtis 8th grader Justin Unger runs a PR to open his season with a 5:21 1600! 
@user for sure my ninja hit me up Wednesday if you're not doing anything I'm gonna have to stop smoking in October but Im Gucci til then 
"MILAN - Italian Premier Matteo Renzi on Thursday defended the government's move to save four local banks, saying 
@user @user nor’easter superstorm with snow and low temps according to fox  it may change paths by then 
"- change his mind.  Since he was a Sensory Type, Naruto felt a presence approach towards his office, he immediately sat up straight and --" 
Kanye West running for president? Twitter reacts: The musician announced his bid for the White House Sunday ni... 
@user Is Minecraft the only program you have issues with? If so, you may need to contact Minecraft support for your issue. 
@user I mean I doubt Jessica is up at 2 in the morning on FACEBOOK looking up people she knew in 2nd grade. 
#landscape #footpath #rocks #wales #holiday . the long voyage upto the 4th checkpoint on Mount Snowdon. 
"On the one hand, George Osborne &amp; Theresa May. On the other, Scott Walker &amp; Donald Trump. Clowns to the left of me, jokers to my right..." 
We may be the only place on the planet to still sell Hulk Hogan merch. But we made these bags by hand long before... 
@user Ha ha what Howard Webb you cheeky bugger. Were saving him for Saturday lol! 
Three top Jeb Bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on Friday, amid internal personality conflicts and 
"Coatbridge's Ricky Burns will defend his WBO Lightweight title against Liam Walsh in London on December 15, it has been announced today." 
@user I left it up in SB with Zane my b, I can see if the holmes can bring it back Friday" 
Jonathan Stewart and Tom Brady just went in the 2nd round of this draft smh 
Championship: Team news: Bellamy in frame for Cardiff: All the team news from Saturday’s Championship... #Mogganaut 
GOOD MORNING Monsters and Gaga this the LAST day to vote for Gaga voting ENDS tomorrow 1 retweet = 1 vote #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Guys like that masturbate to the image of Randy Orton every Monday. 
I just watched Saturday Night Live - October 10 - Amy Schumer with the new NBC app. Download on iTunes! 
Ed Sheeran is in town tomorrow and I won't see him :-) it's been 5 years and I still haven't seen him live :-) hahah 
Who going to the Lions game Friday? 
Weird Madonna concert dreams this morning. Speaking of, I have extra tickets. Let me know if you're interested. September 16, MSG. 
"I will be buying the new Batman movie on Tuesday, just to let everyone know" 
"Israel: ""No comment."" (stick it where the sun doesn't shine)" 
"Bacca scores and his Milan side get the better of Muriel's Sampdoria, his 8th for the Rossoneri. #COL. #JuniorFC. 
Gov. Bobby Jindal to host prayer rally Monday: Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal announced Tuesday he will host a pu... 
was Leeds United so it was long time ago so lm having my birthday present early when man utd play west brim next monday night 
@user May Allah make it easy for Mujahideen,  Muslims" 
#worldcup  #party Jason Vernau Live @ SET Nightclub Miami February 25th 2012:      Jason Vernau is back with som... 
@user are you going to be at Allstar tomorrow night ? 
So only the independently wealthy?!? Rick Perry's campaign staff is working for free 99. #SkimmLife via @user 
"How's you're Saturday night going, on a scale from Tom Brady to Courtroom Tom Brady? 
#DailyDouble time! Liam's on a Friday night double @ 11/4. Get it here &gt;&gt;&gt;http://t.co/puba8PjJbn 
Somebody get a mustache, a fake birth certificate and get Messi signed up for the US on October 10th, please. 
Cundiff got released. I think he’s outta the league now, especially if that quote on the TL this past Sunday was real 
Pumped about #RealScience returning Monday on CBS11 News at 4p!  Did you know the largest net-zero school in the U.S. is here in Metroplex? 
"Someone comes to me and is like 'irene, what time did u GOT home yesterday? What time did you LEFT here' #plantation" 
Just watched how Nicki called out bitch Miley Cyrus on stage at the #VMAs. May the one who has the biggest ass wins. 
#weeds #drug Miss USA contestants take stage in 64th annual pageant: Women from across the country Sunday took... 
@user Both previous Batman films are on HD TV (TNT, FX) tonight at 8 pm EDT. So I’m recording both. May watch to get caught up 
Dustin Johnson hits his approach to the 17th green at the #DeustcheBankChampionship 
"May God be with the survivals of the terrors of Boko Haram, and may the souls of those dead from their venomous strikes rest in peace. Amen." 
The Cab will be closed Monday and Tuesday  due to the weather conditions of Hurricane Sandy. We appreciate your... 
SBNationFantasy Brady in the pouring rain tonight or Russell Wilson in the friendly Ed Jones Dome Sunday? 
Things you can always count on on Thursday of a major:  Dustin Johnson leading; Tiger Woods over par. 
August 28 I'm playing a Los Angeles charity event at Bootleg Theater...Mia Kirshner of Vampire Diaries heading it up. Come out! 
@user rocking some U2 at the Saturday Night Special #MinnCon 
Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch. This Sunday, I'ma make you mine. At SummerSlam, I won't just make history. I'll become a 16-time-- 
So the dude on shameless last night is lucien from big brother 
IEBC is prepared to hold the elections on 4th of March 2013-  Chairman 
"Beltre leads off the 3rd with a single. One on, no out for Josh Hamilton." 
Who can get my mom into Lolla tomorrow? She loves Paul McCartney more than she loves me 
"Dad gets back from Philly tomorrow which means Big Brother will be on every night, so might have a bet to make it interesting, who's fav?" 
@user @user @user By google, i mean the search engine, google maps, google email accounts. anything google you may have 
It's not ALL about football. How about a Spain v Italy cook-off between Omar Allibhoy and Antonio Carluccio on Sunday? 
With the 1st pick in the Classic Movie Lotto, Mark Bonnell selects: North by Northwest #classicmovielotto... 
Had a horrible day at work so I'm in the bath listening to Frank Ocean... what do you mean it's only Monday? 
"Tom Brady will be on the field Thursday, but will he have two rookie guards protecting him? 
#DixieYouthWorldSeries: Virginia (Prince George) training South Carolina 5-0 top of the 3rd. 
Anyone wanna go to the city Friday morning and see Jason Aldean perform a couple songs 
Kim Kardashian's Makeup Artist Mario Dedivanovic Reveals His Drugstore Beauty Faves: Makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic (whom you may kn... 
Last day in Krabi. Will be heading for Hat Yai for 2nd round shopping and sleep over in Aloq Staq. ETA 2100. 
Saturday Deep Stack will be back at the Prince George from tomorrow. 
"Two extra tickets to the Red Sox game tomorrow who wants to come? DM or Text me, game is at 1:30" 
My mom is seeing Jason Aldean for the 10th time this weekend and she's met him already and has VIP and she isn't taking me 
@user seriously. If you two are still in Asheville on Friday, I work at Dunkin from 12-4. West Asheville. I make a mean Coolatta." 
LPG consumers can now fill up KYC form till Nov 15: The government has extended by 15 days the deadline for fill... 
I'll drop my beta key 4 you through Shawn? 
Our setup for the very 1st series of Big Brother when @user &amp; @user were in charge! #ThrowbackThursday 
@user let's get tix for the cards vs Bearcats game the 26th 
Who's trying to come with me to see Shawn?  
Apple releases what the next iPhones and IOS will be like tomorrow 
Ryan Braun lines his 24th homer of the year to give #Brewers 1-0 lead over #Reds in the first inning at Miller Park. 
Rare Duplex for sale in Cupertino with Monta Vista High! Gorgeous Granite Slab Kitchen! Rent 1 & Live in 1! Open Sat. 
@user feeling the most convincing explanation is that it was the starting point of the Charlie Hebdo march 
GdS - Perisic to have a press conference this coming Thursday. The player is expected to make Inter debut against Milan. 
Wednesday: Twilight of the Idols: See more posts by Sabbath School Lesson What was one of the great sins that ... 
@user he better close it in 3, not making much 1st serves and Murray seems winning all 2nd serves..important serve game to start?" 
"Say it again? Oh c'mon beast, #UFC Brock Lesnar: Vince McMahon is a better promoter than Dana White via @user 
@user @user @user No I vehemently disagree, if Wenger was as past it as you say, Arsenal would not have finished 4th as 
tomorrow ashould i go for the Gay look or the artblogger who probably has a kanken look 
Stefan Sabol with his 3rd hit and 3rd RBI knocks in David Wright to give St.Lucie a 5-2 lead. 
Uhm... the 9/11 hijackers sent their random girlfriends back to Saudi Arabia? @user just found a column for tomorrow. #GOPDebate 
Gonna go to zumba with my mom Mondays Wednesdays nd Fridays then zumba at school on Thursday nd on Tuesday kettle bell work outs! 
@user @user you will spend quite time in Italy.Do you want to see Milan? May be I can arrange some tkt for you. Milan Palermo? 
dati SOPA at PIPA, ngayon Cyber Crime Law?! May i know what’s the content of this law first? Boom, charot! 
@user  I think it has to do with fan attacking Dean Ambrose Saturday night 
Did you know that 'Kris Bryant' was Trending Topic on Monday 7 for 5 hours in Chicago? #trndnl 
Watching Murray/Anderson match on-line &amp; Murray just dropped about 20 f-bombs after losing the 2nd set! #USOpen2015 
if youre going to the shawn concert on oct 16 
@user Sudden Demise of Moulana Khadeer Ahmed Ada ul Aamiri is a great shock &amp; a big loss to the Muslims, May Allah REWARD Moulana" 
"Corpse Party Blood Drive may be coming to PS4, apparently it has a trophy list 
"Hulk Hogan may have been dumped from WWE's upcoming tour of Australia, but he's still a champ in the eyes of his daughter Brooke." 
@user getting them today giving to Shawn later to give to you tomorrow 
Does Donald Trump know they do tours of the White House? With like people and stuff? People that may or may not have washed their hands? 
"Next friday I'll be in Milan having breakfast ant talking about illustration, time and creativity. See you at... 
Did John Kasich stand out in GOP forum?: Kasich delivered clear performance at Monday's GOP forum. But with so... 
"Queen Mary dark harbor this Wednesday, who is in? (only of you're going) don't waste my time please." 
@user welll ya know st Patrick's day is in march & st Patrick was a leprechaun so that Obvs makes me a leprechaun as well as u :p 
Which is more important @user John cena's 16th title reign to tie or number 17 to break the record 
"Lonely star, Thurs, the zone, gone, rolling Stone  
This is Anti Climax..Yakub may get reprieve because of legal wrangles ..Is it match fixing ? 
Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt’s first elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution.. 
@user C'mon Shawn you can't afford the M4 you want with one dollar get it together 
@user is Justin going to perform with you on Friday in LA again? 
@user @user We must keep working to make it happen tho. If Twitter/FB existed during Kerry he may have won! MySpace failed. 
@user @user yeh the new episode just got released... Sasuke has the 6th path eyes with sharingan and Naruto has master of senjutsu 
Inter, Roma keep pace with wins: Inter Milan kept pace with Serie A leaders Juventus after seeing off Catania 2-0 at the San Siro on Sunday. 
The Royals are the 2nd team ever to play the two Black and Orange teams in consecutive series (1971 Pirates)  #tdsportsfact #Giants #Royals 
@user George Harrison composed ""Here Comes the Sun"" at Eric Clapton's house in Surrey." 
@user  Plan a couple of days here on Gabriola for our Theatre Festival in August.  Theme """"Mardis Gras"""".  Over the top in events!" 
"Everyone's sat listening to Anaconda for the 50th time on the radio, and I use @user I listen to Lenny Kravitz for the 50th time" 
@user Honda Classic tomorrow, calling it now, Tiger and rory coming down to the wire 
"This is where it all began. Pictures from the 1st Human Library held at Roskilde Festival, Denmark on July 4,... 
"I'm going to sing Different Summers on Monday, by Mitchie Torres/Demi @user .." 
You think we have cap issues now; wait until the Oilers trade for Voynov and Kane. 
Nicki &amp; Tay may be friends but I'm still not a fan like was Nicki for real about Miley this is too much for my emotions Im so confused #VMAs 
At Shaker practice as they prepare for Super Bowl matchup with Shen on Friday 
@user fired by Roman by Nov, cameo in Sharknado 4 where he gets all 4 limbs eaten off" 
Would your company like to #sponsor the 3rd annual PNC Bank #NonProfit Academy Awards?  See attached for details. 
"This isn't the stock market, it's Big Brother. You need to have some risk to have big reward. Playing safe gets you 6th place. #BB17" 
has ny budy have idea about at when we will receive study material for the BCA 2nd year for which the exam will held in December, pls advise 
"CNN: Fiorina on vaccinations: 'When in doubt, it is always the parents' choice': Carly Fiorina on Thursday pre... 
#TheresaMay secret deal with corrupt  Saudi Arabia  
Police: you have the right to remain silent. what ever you say may be hel against you Me: Harry Styles 
Nicki may not be a vocalist but she sure doesn't sound a mess when she sings  
"I don't want trailer to jam me oh please, but how is Caitlyn Jenner changing the world pls.  
Sat here watching Celebrity Juice again 3rd time today with my mum. 
N.W.A: Inside the Original Gangstas' Rolling Stone Cover Story @user  comments may be better than the article 
A district judge on Monday held Kane on charges for allegedly lying about leaking secret grand jury information to get back at her critics&gt; 
I may or may not have asked Hugh Dancy if he had an HMV rewards card. 
@user - What time does the Apple Watch go on sale this Friday? 
@user yessss JKS' twitter was the first one that i realized lol then i spotted Jjong's. It was from Fashion King event on April 2nd 
I used to know you when we were young you were in all my dreams we sat together in period one - Katy Perry 
the guy at dunkin was deff judging me for getting a hot chocolate in august.. 
"""""@RBKD: This just in: Rui En joins Elvin Ng & co. in CLIF2, scheduled to air 18 Feb 12. Surprise?""""" 
"#Mets (C) David Wright went: 2-for-4 with two runs scored, an RBI, a walk and his 3rd home run of the season. #MLB" 
Kathy is selling 2 tickets to the Zac Brown Band concert tomorrow. Message me if you want 'em. 
For the fist time in Milan #Photo #Exhibition of Vivian Maier at @user Via Mervagli 5 until Jan 31st 
Brock Lesnar really about to kill the undertaker Sunday 
@user From this performance it is obvious why David Miliband comes up 1st when you google Miliband! #onetowatch 
"Rolling Stone #1237 June 18, 2015 Orange is the New Black Cover 
Smart money says Rick Perry will be the first to call it quits. He may be a winner in Texas but not nationally. 
The dude @ Dunkin just gave me my coffee for $1 bc he's pissed they switched him to 3rd. Lol. 
the IRA in a heartbeat. From a working class republican family. Instead she became 1st to go to uni &amp; became a world expert on terrorism. 
"...""including former Kings forward Pavol Demitra, former Kings prospect Jan Marek and many other members of the NHL Family.""" 
weird as tho I have science 1 period Monday mornings and thanks to tom I have it instd&amp;still want Dunkin maybe the bus will stop tommorrow? 
@user Have you tried any 3rd party apps or services to back up? Like with your Google account or cloud services? ^Ace 
@user @user Google is a beast boo but that's the wrong Angela Robinson!!!!  @user Sept 7th Jacksonville, FL 
They should have all the Friday movies on netflix. 
Of course it will be, When Barca can sign a player inspite being banned from signing, Why not Real get 1 minute. 
"Peter, at 1:40 PM at the main branch of the New York Public Library on 5th Avenue..." - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
"After Kevin Anderson to Murray in the 4th set, it's Roger Federer who dishes out a tiebreak bagel to Isner. 1st set RF, 7-6(0)." 
Gucci pants it credit november build up the mates your indicative inflowing hike in consideration of whiz true... 
RT @user WSOC dispatched Nebraska today & landed at #1 in a preseason poll - check out the action and interviews from today - ... 
If Angela Merkel fainted at Bayreuth Tristan it may be the only thing she has in common with Emmanuel Chabrier 
San Miguel escapes with a 68-64 win over the Singapore Slingers. Beermen now has a 15-4 record to remain in 1st #ABL 
Tweets about AC/DC establish Ashley Madison hack suspect - The hacker behind the recent Ashley Madison leak may ha... 
@user we changed seats in dental lol, you’re in Ash’s old seat and the chapter is due tomorrow 
"May your heart rest in the beautiful paradise of Allah, my prayer for the Gombe and Damaturu victims of Boko Haram #Nigeria @user PDP" 
Workin all week, then to Rupp for the UK game Monday. #SoundsGoodToMe #TeamBBN #CATS 
"West Indies team to go home after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala. No 5th ODI, no one-off T20 and no three-Test series.... 
"I just saw 30 seconds of TP’s """"Good Deeds"""". He’s a 5th generation ivy league graduate? I mean there were a few but... #soextra" 
Bethe Correia still thinks she can beat Rousey and that Santa Claus is coming december 25th. 
1st encore song they did together @ Kenny Chesney &amp; Jason Aldean at the Rose Bowl 
@user @user @user You do remember he was 3rd in the Kentucky Derby behind #IllHaveAnother & #Bodemeister right? 
THIS SUNDAY: Join us at Ten Thousand Villages to get holiday gifts. 15% of the proceeds donated to HIAS Pennsylvania! 
Gucci trousers jiva untimidness november actualize the dualistic yours any gangway boost for for long life: B... 
Apple will be hosting its next iPhone reveal event on September 9 at 9AM PST. You can watch a live stream of the event at GameSpot's ... 
Savior takes 2 games in a row to force the 2nd set of Grand Finals.. can he go all the way and take out Petraeus!? #SC2 
idk if its still thursday in Hawaii since its friday here but heres a #TBT play it for the homie one time!! 
People of Cirencester! Tomorrow is the day before The Day! Last chance to pre-order Go Set A Watchman at Half Price. 
"And the #bellamilano winter sun shines with equal gusto on every thing @ Milan, Italy 
@user Hahahahhahahaha, kan hyb2a John cena the 2nd xD and no need to be sorry!" 
They may be different types of players, but don't say Messi and Ronaldo are the best. Not yet anyway. They might be remembered that way 
@user yes if you March with Charlie Hebdo with cartoons hand in hand with Taslima Nasreen 
US deal with Turkey over Isis may go beyond simple use of an airbase ErDOGan arms ISIS&amp;NATO allows it! 
@user I did not. We have her dance everyday so we will make one tomorrow. She's done Summer by Calvin Harris, Bad Blood, &amp; others" 
@user can i get a retweet for my 17th birthday HBK?? #DX btw do you have a fan mail address that u sign things through?? #HBK4Life 
Jay-Z - Imaginary Player   Go O's 3-1 Bottom Of the 8th. 
Brandon Roy’s return and Derrick Williams’ role may determine if the Timberwolves take the next step. 
March 8th is International Women's Day.April 1st should be International men's Day where they would brag 24/7 like any other day of the year 
Booker T will be addressing the Hulk Hogan controversy this Saturday night on his Heated Conversations podcast. 
Eurovision 2012 party in Washington DC on May 26 with live stream from Eurosong Contest #Eurovision 
And Saudi Arabia have the nerve to say Trumps a bad guy for wanting to ban Muslims...  
"People are reporting that the Destiny free trial for PS4 on the PS Store may well be the complete base game, as... 
"1st work out of the week...been sick as fffffffffffff, but we are Gucci today" 
ONE Fighting Championship makes its triumphant return to Singapore Indoor Stadium this Saturday with the Rise of... 
"Notre Dame kicks off exhibition play against Nebraska tomorrow at noon ET, and the game is WEBCAST. This is how it's done, WPS." 
next gigs will be 10/23 @ Pocket Sandwich Theater with Singapore Slingers and 11/7 at Bryan St. Tavern for Wed. Night Jazz with my quintet. 
"Does this picture look sadly familiar? Don't worry, our 'Yoga from the Sky' class held each Wednesday morning on... 
@user Yes on both counts Gary.Listened to Cit on Radio H and W. With minute to go I said how wed let in 6 goals in the last minute! 
@user dude I've already basically accepted that I won't be able to afford meeting Chris Evans. I may just spring for Hayley. 
@user of course, you get a 7th guy in there who says he likes """"that real heavy stuff like Iron Maiden and Judas Priest man yeah"""" -.-" 
Scouted game tickets for Clippers and Celtics on 27th of December with Dayne. getting ahead of ourselves?nahhhh! 
#cloud Cloud Computing and Big Data Strategy - In this CEO Power Panel at the 10th International Cloud Expo, modera ... 
"Meant to be going to see Paper Towns on Saturday, but I'm really not a fan of Cara Delevingne" 
Sharon Stone Gets 'Persuasive' at amfAR Gala: Saturday night's event at the Permanente Museum drew a mix of film... 
"Wedensday, Thurs and and today you opened the show with OMEn by Sam smith. I see u @user @user @user #the5thelement" 
I just vaulted Jeb Bush up to 5th place in my rankings. 
Team Foster Call will be on tonight Thursday November 1st, from 9pm-10pm Eastern 712-432-0900 new access code 833433#. 
@user tomorrow is a new day tho so it's Gucci 
Star Wars day tomorrow on #TBL @user &amp; @user with a preview of Force Awakens 306 @user 
"Go ahead Scott Walker, build a Canada border wall. Make sure it's secure enough to keep America out.  
@user Niall or Ricky Dillon the world may never know 
Postal plants to shrink, 28,000 jobs at stake: The U.S. Postal Service announced on Thursday it’s moving forward... 
For anyone going to Sam Smith tomorrow he rescheduled to September 30th 
@user  I want to see Bruan Strowman vs Brock Lesnar on Smackdown this Thursday 
"Rahul Gandhi may be talking utter nonsense, but he's passing on a message which people are accepting." 
It's like when Zayn said he was just taking a break all over again.. 
"Brock Lesnar vs Pop-Pop. This Sunday, only on the #WWENetwork!  #RAW" 
I just heard the Bee Gees More than a Woman blaring at 120 dBs in the street in front of my apt. Its Saturday night in the city lol 
"Frank Ocean really sold dreams uno, it's the 19th of AUGUST and still no album" 
Man if this guy could just do this on a Sunday. Dustin Johnson can just obliterate a golf course when he's on. Better make it 8000 yards. 
Brock Lesnar did what any other man cant now he will pay for it this sunday 
I admire Hillary &amp; may even vote for her. But she so doesn't sound sorry. #email server 
I remember when you kissed me on 6th street wait for me to come home  _ Ed Sheeran #2weeks 
@user back to AZ? Won’t see you Sunday then? 
We're supposed to believe a pap recognised and papped Briana on Oct 26 then just sat on the pics til Nov 3 lmfao PLEASE 
Tom Wilhelmsen picked up his sixth save Saturday against the White Sox: Tom Wilhelmsen picked up his sixth sav... 
Imma get the full Star Wars saga bundle on PS4 today for the lil guys birthday this Friday. 
"Just had a #dream repeated 3x: Something screamed across the sky at impossible speed. 3rd time, a crowd + Br Copeland wz  at White House." 
Busy preparing for Izzy’s Mini Masterclasses in the Studio tomorrow. Decadent chocolate ganache torte to welcome our attendees. Good idea? 
@user beautiful Saturday morning listening to #Hot45sxm while getting ready for Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney tonight 
Winter Storm Watch for Pocahontas county. Sunday night through Tuesday evening. 8-10 inches of snow possible with more in the highest elev. 
we all gun have problems if you don't watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow though... 
By Suzanne Moore, Monday 13 July 2015 The Guardian This time, it's not me who says that! //RO Angela Merkel and... 
"WWE Monday Night Raw: Live Blog, Results & Coverage of the Road to SummerSlam - Bleacher Report: Bleacher ... #LIVE" 
"Selena Gomez &amp; Kris Jenner May Have Teamed Up &amp; Weirdly, That's Not the ... - Bustle #selenagomez" 
Scared if exo disperse sometimes. Alrdy 4th years since i was on KPOP. But now i realized that this time is the hardest time i've ever done. 
"I just remembered that Best Buy started selling Iron Maiden's new single on Friday. I don't care that it's 10:30am, I'm going now" 
Lauryn Hill’s going to be at Constitution Hall on   November 4th >>>>>>>> I’m in there like swimwear !!! 
@user oh shit you just reminded me. I have work at 11 tomorrow at Woodchicks and a call in at 1 at Vans. could you cover it? 
At 8: More pictures of child abuse flood the web &amp; it's Prince George's 2nd birthday today. 
@user @user abhi tu ankh se anso nikal rha hain nxt Eid pr Teri gand se blood aa gaye lolxx 5th day 152 crores 
"Dustin Johnson, so often the nearly man at the majors, eagles the par-5 16th to share the early PGA Championship lead at four under." 
@user Lets go see Ed Sheeran at the Amway Center on September 8th 
They waiting on Kendrick like the 1st and the 15th 
2 goals by Ricardo Olivares in the 1st 2 minutes of the game assisted by Ian Bennett then Logan Chaucer @user @user @user 
@user yeah she been there for like 3 years n she gettin stationed back in Georgia in June I think 
I've yet to hear any of them address the possibility that Muslims may take offence at being put in church halls. Get your Plan B ready. 
Economic TimesWashing hands will keep the doctor awayDAWN.comISLAMABAD, Oct 15: The World Bank’s Strategic Environmental Assessment r... 
"#IWishICouldForget about my ""Katy Perry"" headgear I had in 9th Grade :((  I do love my teeth now tho;) 
Iron Maiden new single. Will you tune in? #ironmaiden #speedoflight 
Cech set to leave in January: Atletico Madrid has joined Roma and Real Madrid in the race to sign Chelsea outc... 
"Note: This means that if De Gea signs for RM in January, he cannot be in Real Madrid's Champions League squad." 
"Tomorrow we'll be at Eldora Speedway! Did you know... this 1/2 mile clay track, is known as 'The Big E' and can... 
White Sox take a 2-1 lead in the 2nd on a 2-run triple by Maiker Feliz. #AZLPlayoffs 
"This Sunday is the P.E.R.C.H’s Family Movie Matinee! Come out this Sunday November 4th from 3-5 pm in Lumina Theatre to watch """"The Lorax""""!" 
Christians little brother told me the randomness shit today 10th graders have interesting minds 
".@whufc_official You better call Milan tomorrow to tell them that you are accepting to sign Matri, for your own sake." 
5 home-based for Tanzania: Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed he will pick five players from the do... 
Are you living with HIV and looking for peer support? PEGS are meeting tomorrow in Taunton; call for info 08003283508 
GMOs and Food Labeling video source: March Against Monsanto Consumers have a right to know what's going on in our... 
@user when Niall and I date I'll take them three out for dinner on the 14th and I'll just take them out once instead of three times 
RT @user Britney: Lady Gaga's here tonight. Me: WHAT? *Watches Gaga the rest of the night *  Me: Who's concert was that ? I  ... 
I want em new lebrons and em Gucci foamposites that's dropping on the 4th 
Paul Dunne has won his Rd. 3 (16) match against @user 3&amp;2 at the #USAmateur. A big QF match awaits tomorrow. 
"Go watch Ice Cube's music video for ""It Was A Good Day"" and you will see ""Stanley"" from Friday playing basketball with Cube lol" 
SASA will be having the first ever Bhangra Bootcamp on November 7th - 10pm at CIF! Only $5 to learn from our very own NACS 2012 Champions! 
@user  Galaxy Note 4, iPoop 6, Moto X 2nd Gen... I'm upgrading to the Nexus 6 
anybody trying to go to Summersville with @user @user and myself tomorrow? 
No sign of Pogba in the official Juventus clubstore. (3rd kit promotion) 
So the David De Gea transfer saga is over..Real Madrid have confirmed. He may well stay at #MUFC until the end of his contract at this stage 
If Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner were in Freaky Friday you know Kris would absolutely not switch bodies back. She wants to be Kim so badly. 
SCJ News: DVD REVIEW: Amy Schumer's begins a long film career with 'Trainwreck': Amy Poehler and Tina Fey may ... 
"Gov. Scott Walker may lead the Republican primary field in his home state of Wisconsin, but local voters are not very enthusiastic about" 
"Nice call, what else do you got? (Clint Barton: Well, Thor's taking on a squadron down on 6th.) And he didn't invite me." 
"I may be a bit slow on the uptake but I am sure David Bowie sang ""Ground Control to Major TOM""??? and not ""Captain Tim""???" 
Ok unless i hear some outrageous rumor... Im cop heemfording the iPad HD by friday 
"21 to go for Alex Smith! #49ers MT @user Tom Brady wins AFC player of the week for the 22nd time in his career, tying Peyton Manning." 
@user Lol It just seems like Nicki like to really take things to the 3rd nipple. Miley, Mariah, Kim, Taylor, list goes on" 
Anyone fancy meeting @user &amp; me for coffee &amp; cake at the Tea Chest in Lechlade tomorrow 
@user well I’m currently on holiday in Portugal coming home tomorrow then going to Poland on Tuesday for a holocaust memorial trip! 
Christianity is a life style, not just a quick Sunday service or blessing of food. Live life as a light. Be different then the world #WWJD 
Build a Nation heard it today for the first time....*fist pump in the air* RT@galamolabi: Who run the world remix with nicki minaj @user 
"Spoke to Giles Clarke yday about ICC's global TV rights deal with Star. Read his thoughts, and our analysis, in @user tomorrow." 
@user 2 things -- Digi's playing Life is Strange eps 1-4 on Monday, and stopping by might spoil it for you unnecessarily, and.. 
So much for coming from behind being better for Dustin Johnson. He's done and he hasn't gotten to the 1st green yet. 
"Kanye West Is Running For President, Nothing Is Real: On Sunday night, Kanye West received the MTV Video Vangu... 
Peyton Manning may have been in the Calvin Fitness Center this afternoon #LookalikeAlert 
@user sanchez will be out tonight. 
@user wrestling guru @user tells us why Rousey may not be the best UFC fighter ever @user 
@user @user u still haven't answered my 1st question, which 'prophet' told Tony Blair to lie about WMD's &amp; bomb Iraq?" 
The Patriots are scheduled to hold just one practice thid week, on Thursday. Players are off Wednesday and Friday. 
Anybody know the theme for the Reagan game tomorrow? 
"What’s the difference in a """"Vow"""" (http://t.co/E1vnySUu) and a """"Promise"""" (http://t.co/qTH9SBoA) @user #tcot" 
The Undertaker is gonna tombstone the shit out of Brock Lesnar on Sunday. 
"LA on Monday- Bernie taking the same stage as Metallica, Bruce Springsteen, Rolling Stones, U2, The Who, Pink Floyd, Van Halen #Bernie2016" 
The Pope and Mussolini: The Secret History of Pius XI and the Rise of Fascism in Europe review | Books | The Guardian 
The raiders play the cardinals today let's see how they start off pre-season. Last yr they were weak AF 
Dad shouldn't buy a brand new PS4 on a Sunday afternoon and then expect me to do my homework instead of playing on it all night 
"Does that make the National Herald private Jahagir of Rahul Gandhi,SG @user  
@user you have a Top 5 SG with 2 6th men. and you left off Monta Ellis 
@user Pussy Riot: are you sure? Barbarians defended | Herald Sun Andrew Bolt Blog 
Coming up in your Weekend Argus tomorrow: More on the #UCT #DASO election debacle. 
@user most college kids go get drunk on friday nights, i just read Wikileaks releases & listen to revolution songs.  am i normal? 
RT @user Check out the brand new video for @user 'Dinosaurs' released Aug 29th on MTA. 
Ron Paul Snr Advisor Doug Wead Interview with Frost &#8211; Mar 31 2012 
"#Telecom #News China Telecom Repairs a Broken Telephone Pole with - M.I.C. Gadget: By Herman Lai, posted Jun 18,... 
I don’t want a love like Jonny and June, I want a love like Blake and Miranda. 
Think that one year the El Classico should be held at a neutral stadium: The Brittania, on a wet Wednesday night #mixitup 
"David Bowie's new album is coming out January 8th, but fans can get a preview with new single ""Lazarus."" @user 
Listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt #np on #SoundCloud  the whole industry been in shambles  
@user @user @user  i wouldn't be that harsh. she may exploit holes in Rousey's standup game.   ...maybe. 
@user what gonna happen tomorrow with Zayn? 
We tallied up the votes and are announcing the winners for Calling All Communities! Tune in on Nov 1st at 11am (CST) 
@user If you watch an hour of Comedy Central (Ch 122) you’ll be able to recite all the ’Quickies’ by heart tomorrow morning. 
"Hulk Hogan isn't a racist. And if he is, may God strike me dead! -Roddy Piper" 
Wildcat rosters, including the 8th grade girls roster, have been updated again at 
@user Why doesn’t FX re-run it on Tuesday instead of competing against election coverage? 
Josh Hamilton. @user Have you seen these exceptional Cameron images? You may want to check: 
@user When it comes to John McCain, Trump is right; Rick Perry is clueless. Nicknamed "Songbird" in VietNam. 
I hope that Barca does a lot more better in the 2nd half then in the 1st half. 
Come watch Will Ferrell and Zach Galifanakis duke it out in The Campaign this Thursday at Midnight! 
"The Federal Reserve&#039;s latest easing program may be nicknamed &quot;QE Infinity&quot; on Wall Street, but it ...  
"Just a few of the 300+ #HaikuDecks created in the last 24 hours: Violet's 3rd Birthday, Langa Vulindela Reading Club, Want Shiny Hair?" 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Game-by-Game Predictions for 2nd Half of the Season - Bleacher Report  #Buccaneers 
"Here Comes the Sun: The Spiritual and Musical Journey of George Harrison, Joshua 
"from Milano, Roberto & Eva Cavalli, Sharon Stone, the head of MAC, just Cavalli backstage, show, new store next Sunday 
NASA outraging the superstitious theories propagated by Christians.:  
"Christians must disclose their income, and may split the jizya into two payments." 
@user lol, true. The other striker you do have were trying to take off your hands by Tuesday, lol!! Kane has lost his confidence!" 
"David Ortiz hit his 496th career home run Saturday, one of 14 hits from the Red Sox as they defeated the... 
"We all know Levy really wanted to sell Kane, tomorrow when United bid massive for Hugo he won't be able to resist again" 
And you're all just going to have to accept the fact that I'll be slipping in and out of the Liverpudlian accent tomorrow ok OKAY 
@user  should i continue your sentence? 1st to be ""KICKED OUT""?! in the history of KPOP" 
Tom Brady finally speaks out about the #DeflateGate ruling as he looks ahead to the season opener Thursday. #WBZ 
Live blog: Gingrich wins South Carolina: Newt Gingrich swept to an easy victory Saturday in the South Carolina p... 
it's Naruto #Shippuden time meet your new 5th Hokaga for tonight on #Toonami 
David Wright with a line drive single in his 2nd at bat tonight.  Would come around to score on RBI single by Amed Rosario. 
Chicago: Go see @user  #lovesgotaholdonme #Sat October 27th 7p at the #HaroldWashingonCulCntr 47th & King Dr. 
What's going on? Tickets for pope Mass available Wednesday - The News Journal Get found -&gt; 
Curtis recovers opening 2nd half kickoff. St. Paul's hold them to a field goal.  10-7. Curtis. 9:04 left in the 3rd 
England’’s Patel stakes Test claim with century: MUMBAI: Samit Patel hit a century on Thursday to make a strong ... 
"Tomorrow night I'll be at the Goldfish Bar for the Deus Ex launch, anyone wanna come for free?" 
"Climbing Mount Snowdon tonight, have a feeling a may need crampons, can someone ask @user if he has any spare I could borrow?" 
"Ryan Braun led off 9th with 3B and scored on SF, but that's all NL gets as AL wins #ASG2015, 6-3. @user 
RTRTRT @user RT if you love the song called last night on earth by Green Day.#IndoWantsGreenDay 
@user will I be able to pick up at the Nike store on 5th or is it just online only? 
"Jethmalani on Wed said Narendra Modi deserves to be the Prime Minister while Rahul Gandhi and Arvind Kejriwal are ""unfit"" for the office." 
Gucci raft conscience pomposity june wave the bifurcated thine body at accruement until special pleading vivid... 
: Hatebreed & Lamb of God, tonight. ASAP Rocky, tonight. CONVERGE, tonight. A lot going on for a Tuesday. 
Bobby Jindal and I may not agree on much but it was wonderful to have him join us on @user and I stumped him on Brady Bunch trivia 
"Carly Fiorina fights back against HP layoff claims, says she doubled size of company via @user 
@user @user I think Patels along with Togadia wants to  scrap reservations for Muslims. May be a game plan. 
"Looking closely at John Kasich. A moderate who may finally get me to vote the other way. Extremists on either side will not serve us well," 
idk if I should see the movie with Jennifer Lawrence or Paranormal activity 4 on Saturday. 
I hope Paul Dunne steadies the ship. Glad he didn't have to play either of the provisionals on the 2nd. #TheOpen2015 
Full Mariah Carey walked somewhere &amp; then sat down for a bit coverage - day 12 #buythePaper 
"July 16, 8pm EST, Big Time Movie will be premiering on YTV with One Direction commenting during commercials :D" 
Let's go LD! Let's keep it up for next weeks American Out against Prince George! 
We’re playing with Jim White on Tuesday! Static on the Radio por favor? via @user @user @user #DCSHOWS 
@user @user Dr. Murray, do you have any openings for tomorrow morning? #drmurray Need help..." 
The Irish Workers' Party had close ties to the Official IRA and may have helped to disseminate NK-made U.S counterfeit $$$ in Europe. 
Is anyone gonna go see the Nekromantix on the 3rd!!?? 
CNN Revises Debate Criteria In Possible Boost To Carly Fiorina: CNN announced on Tuesday that it would ... #media 
quota na ah!kala ko Photograph lang ni Ed Sheeran with Quen...may Thinking Out Loud pa pala! #OTWOLImHere 
SummerSlam results: John Cena wins his 16th World Championship. Following night: loses the U.S. title due to a distraction from Seth Rollins 
While Game of Thrones is set in fantasy world, it looks like we may have a real-life co... 
World Music Festival Rocks City Saturday: Maria Muldaur headlines the day-long event, which bring French Gypsy j... 
Tony Blair says engaging with Gaddafi may have prevented IS obtaining chemical weapons 
In other news, I heard Borderline by Madonna at lunch on Monday and just caught myself humming it 2 days later and I'm kind of freaked out. 
" @user Kanye West: 'I've decided to run for president - based on the history in that family, he may be US's 1st black Female President!" 
@user yes! >3< Tomorrow we’ll see a lot of fancans about this concert <3 MBLAQ, CNBLUE, After School and others will attend this concert 
Walker: Take Chinese leaders 'to the woodshed': Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said Friday that Chi... #MuhamadJabal 
@user Another thing, (not taking into account his complete mare on Saturday) would you want Vermalen as the rock of your defence?" 
"Took down all my disney star posters (and Twilight, about time) so I can put up all the HP ones I got today from a poster book (100 posters)" 
I may be "wrong" as you say for wanting Donald Trump as our president but at least I don't want Hillary Clinton #Trump2016 
It is predicted that the Winter Classic and the All-Star game will be cancelled this upcoming Monday 
Aug 30 (Infostrada Sports) - Top scorers of the La Liga on Sunday 2 Nolito (Celta Vigo) Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) James Rodriguez (Real 
"I still need to see Paper Towns omfg how have I not seen it yet. C'mon, Meg. Get it together." 
China - Tracy McGrady may sign at Qingdao Eagles: Qingdao Double Star Eagles is about to tab 33-year old USA ex-... 
Just found my 9th grade diary. Highlights include wanting to ask God who the hell he thinks he is, and being able to relate to Kurt Cobain.. 
"Paul McCartney will perform @ Lollapalooza in Grant Park in Chicago, starting today through Sunday. With the GOP... 
@user Also mancs going on about it was there youth/2nd team last night?Thought they put out a decent side seeing they have AFC on Sat 
This evening will be the first time I get to hit someone in almost 3 weeks. And Friday I get to hit Georgetown. The hammer falls Friday 
On 2nd thought, the NX rumors don't completely make sense because Nintendo is already planning smartphone games 
Sarah Palin announced Sunday night that she will be joining Donald Trump and Ted Cruz at the Stop the Iran... 
@user it does! And Big Time Rush on Saturday counts for a musical, right? Haha 
Tomorrow: LAX->Phoenix->Dallas->Houston. Long day of flying. 
Waste your Friday playing the new Iron Maiden video game! 
See you in April @user in Milan! 
"In Islam, a man may divorce his wife three times, taking her back up after the first two times." 
Tiffany, CNBLUE’s Yonghwa and B2ST’s Kikwang MCs for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert Nov 10 via magicsnsd 
What concepts and values in Islam disturb the programs of the super powers? #Kathmandu #sun 
"No ""freefall"" to see here.  Rand is in a virtual tie with Ben Carson, Scott Walker and Marco Rubio. Tie for 2nd among voters under 50." 
@user if I had the nerve, I’d buy all Joe Pa cutouts @ Middletown campus n go to 2nd n Maclay to sneak them in  gov mansion gates... 
If Robbie keane score 10 goals tonight i may like him. 
friday night prombley just gonna watch jim henson’s memorial on youtube or something 
Playing me some of The Offspring in the car. I head may explode due to Nostalgia if Pretty Fly For A White Guy is performed at Soundwave. 
Anybody want to play some football tomorrow in Doral around 530? hit me up 
"US government proposes law making it illegal for them to kill you: Last Friday, US Congressman Dennis Kucinich i... 
"LMAO Blake asked Xtina """"Are you bringing your Grammy awards to the show tomorrow"""" and she said """"No, there wouldn’t be enough room"""" LMFAO!!!" 
- be your vigilante. He'll be buried deep in the ground just like his beloved WCW. September 20th is the day Seth Rollins ends Sting. 
So... I'm going to a round table meeting with The Hon. Peter Garrett on Friday. Any (serious) questions you guys want me to put forward? 
Laguna Hills Phone FOX Tuesday Comedy Sizzle: Catch the premieres of New Girl, Ben and Kate an... Telephone Systems 
"can I be the 3rd clumsy, funny blonde to finish Amy Schumer and JLaw's (incomplete?) friend trio?" 
Ice Cube talking with @user Film Critic Jonathon Nettles right now. Watch the interview tomorrow morning at 9am. 
Hey, all you #SupportLocalTalent folk, tomorrow is the deadline 11:59PM to vote for HMA People’s Choice Awards #HamOnt 
All i want for my birthday is a tweet from Niall or Louis.on The.9th @user  @user 
"The top 3 in the Miss United Nations Pageant: Miss USA (winner), Miss Australia  (1st runner up), Miss India (2nd... 
"like my career goal may not be exactly kanye west, but he's part of it" 
Sting save Randy Orton from the attack of the Authority; Raw 16 March 2015 
@user it's ok you can do it Friday so it can be fresh for Milan party 
@user but then I suppose the 3rd party ports suffer ,maybe Nintendo will use nvidia for there gfx chip... Lol 
"Iran oil exports may rise by 500,000 barrels per day in year after sanctions: IEA: ET SPECIAL:Love visual aspe... 
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. Just thought you all would like to know that in advance. These are the things I think about at midnight. 
I had a teacher who taught us Jupiter was bigger than the Sun. This was based on the picture in the textbook. It was a drawing. True story 
B2ST’s current nominated position for MAMA 2012 Best Male Group (5th place) Best Global Group (4th place) Artist of the Year (8th place) 
Official did not quit over Yakub: SC The Supreme Court Registry on Sunday took serious objection to the news item in the electroni.. #HINDU 
@user  - Obama is trying to put Egypt back in the Mo Bros hands like he has US Government &amp; Institutions.. 
"#YouKnowYoureFromSanDiego when you call the """" San Diego county fair """" the del mar fair . or just straight up del mar (:" 
Just watched journey to the mysterious island and may I say I have Noooooo idea how Vanessa can not be jumping all over Josh.... #justsayin 
@user not true. Kanes sitter, mason had 2 great chances and kane had another in the 2nd!" 
White Sox to open '16 season at Oakland: The White Sox will begin the 2016 season on April 4 with a four-game ... 
".@ATunnelradio remembers Cilla Black, Tuesday at 12pm ET / 9am PT on East Village Radio. (Cilla with Paul McCartney) 
It's all PJ Harvey and Queens of the Stone Age today #nowplaying 
"#Assad may be dictator, but he ruled over secular state that protected minorities,Christians, Alawite, others #Syria 
"David Wright to return to Mets lineup on Monday vs. Phillies: For the first time in over four months, David Wright is penciled in the..." 
ARRIVAL of ship: SHAM Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 1 2012 6:27PM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approaches ... 
BCA voter education guide for November 6. Endorsed candidates & information on the constitutional amendments 
@user I'm getting it on ps4 bro &gt;.&gt; yeah I think Eid is on the 24th... 
Do you have a favorite Paul McCartney hit? #music #Detroit 
@user Shawn, making all the phone calls today. Hopefully I can have some concrete answers for you by tomorrow." 
"Be back from the gym in the 10th minute I said, you won't miss much of the Atleti game I said..." 
'Serena' appeared on Tuesday 8 at the 20th place in the Top20 of Baton Rouge's Trends: #trndnl 
@user wait a tick Nunes cannot fight Tate forgot she is set to fight Rousey again for the 10th time lol j/k 
@user @user Kendrick's 1st record is a top 10-15 album ever imo. 2nd album is when keepin it real goes wrong... 
are you really watching 5sos on jimmy Fallon for the 10TH time 
"A fresh catch over @user My 1st column of 3 on the ""Gay"" Crucible and the Catholic Church--check it out! 
Ryan Braun is batting .284 with 25 home runs and 81 rbis.  But his team is in 4th. He will never be better than Curtis Granderson. 
Some band nearby playing U2's Sunday Bloody Sunday. That's better than the terrible music my neighbors usually play 
@user There will be a proclamation of the date of Eid al-Adha in the next 2 weeks. 23 Sep is a best guess, but it could be 24 Sep" 
@user I’ve seen them twice. At download after Saxon and headlined the 2nd stage and the priest feast with Judas Priest and megadeth 
The only thing people get out of U.S history in 10th grade is the Baby Boom 
"Not even MaY, and the WEATHER is this cold? Floyd Mayweather shows how he spends his NIGHTS.... 
Top 5 Gambling Apps for the iPad 
"Frank Ocean fans starting to learn what being a @user fan is like, but at least The Dream Walker was worth it 
@user We’ve got the sponsor form and box on our desks. I think Becky is going to send an email tomorrow. 
In honor of July 23rd being National Hot Dog Day the The Nashville Sun Times has listed the best hot dogs in... 
I hope my fishing trip with George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg is still on for tomorrow. 
Thursday Night Football Open Thread - Buccaneers vs. Vikings: Tonight, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers will take on the... 
"Red Sox tie it up, Phillies 2, Red Sox 2  Bottom 5th 
Truck will be doing a private event and the cart will be at the lent space on 6th Ave and Canal St. 
@user  barely getting to know the show basically, tomorrow is the first night live. I think tomorrow kellie pickler or david beckham 
Anybody want to hang out saturday or sunday? Florida Mall? Premium? 
Make sure you tune in to SkyLiving Tomorrow at 9pm if you live in the UK to catch @user new fashion show 'Styled To Rock' 
Brandon Crawford brings home Ryan Braun after he tripled to lead off the 9th. NL still trails 6-3 
If u are around Milan don't miss the #brokencircuit world premiere Saturday 10 October at La Cartografia | Check... 
"HONG KONG, July 10 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has hired former UBS AG banker David Li as its new China head, the U" 
Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar...I believe that Lesnar 4 the 1st time n 2/3 years he will have his 1st loss by the man he beat at Wrestlemania 
@user Do you agree with me that spearing Christian was your 2nd best spear???? After to that guy you did a spear to in royal rumble. 
"RT @user Breakers win, 2-0, and clinch the fourth and final playoff spot! Will play magicJack Wednesday at 7:30pm in Florida  ..." 
I gots to make vanilla fudge tomorrow 
EXO DO confirms casting for new movie 'Big Brother' with Jo Jung Suk to start filming in Oct 
Really wish i could go to Florida on Wednesday with them .. 
@user @user @user @user That's confidential and privileged information sir. No matter how great the sex may or may not be. 
Justin Bieber's birthday is in March and so is mine. We're basically the same person. 
@user idul adha is the feast of the sacrifice, major festival, greater eid. It's the 2nd of two religious holidays celebrated by Muslims." 
Going to Peru again on the 20th :) 
On Saturday night, the season - possibly series - finale of HANNIBAL aired on NBC. Grantland's Alex Pappademas,... 
"13 April 1996, History is made, as the MetroStars and the Los Angeles Galaxy meet at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, (1/3)" 
any one going to see Shawn at the Island Life show tomorrow? 
You work? RT @user Going to walk the Brooklyn Bridge today 
Fiorina bets Clinton server wiped clean - GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said on Friday that she bets De... 
@user all Christians and Patriots may have to walk out the doors if employed where we can't exercise our constitutional rights! 
@user you may not put bumpers stickers on a Bentley you also don't let a shit load a people drive it either if you get my drift 
Kane wanted to let you all know that Friday is finally here! 
Chris brown bails on going outside during daytime because the sun would be present 
@user hark! What sound is that i hear? Could it be the distant crashing of Thunder to herald Thor's day'?(THURSDAY) 
"Well,  had a decent Tuesday opening at the box office.  Will it beat Ant-Man over the weekend? 
@user sooo 7 on 7 at northglenn tomorrow morning at 10 you down 
and if you’re from Maryland, early voting has been extended until tomorrow at 9pm. PLEASE GO VOTE! 
"Dustin Johnson wasting no time reminding everyone that Sunday really, really isn't his day. Ever." 
Laura Wright, Gareth Malone, Noah Stewart and Margherita Taylor attend the Classic BRIT Awards, September 6 
Gucci plenty she fair prospect march fall out the dichotomous your connotative access dragging down against pl... 
@user For sure. Tough Lovers are playig Dickens on the 8th if you’d like to join me. 
Boko Haram commander was arrested after a raid in the sect's camp in Bama Borno state yesterday August 2nd. 178... 
Let's see if I can wrap up season three of #Dexter tonight: only 1 more episode to go till the season finale. Roll on series four please! 
"Today in Beatles History (April 24, 1969):  Paul McCartney announces there is no truth to the rumors that he is dead." 
Congrats @user on taking out the nearest the pin at the 5th hole in the Younger Members Xmas Twilight @user 
i recorded some Diablo III. And i will edit and upload it tomorrow 
"Princess (later Queen) Anne, the last Stuart monarch of Britain, married Prince George of Denmark on 28 July 1683" 
Reggie Wayne may be old but he still got it! 
Cracking alternative view on Chris Evans' tenure from @user #dcfcfans Was he really so bad? 
"sorry mom I can't go to school tomorrow, I need time to cope with Nicki killing Miley" 
Kris Bryant lines out to LF to end the Top of the 1st stranding runners on 1st &amp; 2nd with no score between the #Cubs &amp; Brewers 
Hillary Clinton is one email away from jail: Bobby Jindal - Washington, Aug 12 : As Hillary Clinton turned over he... 
I may or may not be in love with Ice Cube's son 
Bad Blood (feat. Kendrick Lamar) by #TaylorSwift is UK's Top 36 on the Singles #Chart as of the 17th of July 2050 
2nd plenary with Cherie Blair and Sanjit Bunker Roy #WF12 
@user gucci, is the comp paper due tomorrow or not because we don't have class tomorrow" 
@user usually go to a mosque in Farmington Hills. But got an exam tomorrow..so not going. 
What's going on Wednesday? (AC/DC, Earth, Joseph Arthur, Darwin Deez, Jason Lescalleet, Alessia Cara, more) 
#BREAKING: Floyd Mayweather is officially set to square off with Andre Berto in September. Via @user 
Around the NFC West: Racking up awards: Alex Smith was named the NFC’s offensive player of the week Wednesday.  ... 
By Jeff Mason WASHINGTON, Aug 28 (Reuters) - Backers of Vice President Joe Biden are reaching out to donors and activists in the gay and 
"Akin Gump, has been tapped to raise money for the presidential campaign of Gov. John Kasich, R-Ohio, who kicked off his candidacy on Tuesday" 
I found a boy that looks like fetus ashton on Wednesday and he was wearing ash's old style of glasses and everything 
Yesterday Judge Pastor ruled there will be no more delays in the Conrad Murray manslaughter trial. He also stated... 
"All of the enriched uranium in Iran under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, accepted on July 14 in Vienna... 
Word on the street is that Ben Affleck will be at Rick's tomorrow night. 
Jon Stewart Gets Body Slammed by John Cena on 'WWE Monday Night Raw':  The former 'Daily Show' host was slammed to the floor by Cena ... 
"Mom takes dgtr to meet Rousey b/c she suspects they may share same speech impediment, apraxia 
The Jason Aldean concert is on a Thursday night... Can you guess which day I have my night class? 
Testing out the Moto G (3rd Gen). #Motorola #HelloMoto 
@user @user i used to go to the brewpub on Dec 24th and fill up a couple growlers of Thor's 
"Then, tomorrow was another day the morning found me miles away with still a million things to say now, when twilight dims the sky above" 
@user May joke all you want but at the end of the day its not your idealistic Superman or Batman cont. 
anyone tryna go see Zac Brown Band with me Oct 16 
IPod Accessories: TsirTech 15 Piece iPod classic, Accessory Bundle compatible with iPod Classic 120GB and New 7th... 
I was sing Tomorrow by the Winans in class and i was told I sound like brian mcknight.....Never got that before 
March 1st should be officiall National Bieber Day where we get a day off school. 
Ed Sheeran - I See Fire (Music Video)  Me too #Israel May God be with ALL of you. @user  
Red Band End Of Watch Trailer Arrives: Gyllenhaal and Pena vs. the world Back in early May, the green band theat... 
Some confusion took place in the minds of some Muslims since the jurists (may Allah bestow mercy on them) used the... 
Alex, the female sideline commentator for Sunday night football...sounds like Kermit the Frog. How did they let you on the air? 
Not sure what it was like seeing michael jackson outdoors, but its gotta be similar to future's set on sunday 
Let me confess.....I had Nihari on 2nd day of Eid....and guess what the meat was extra tender and delicious...Donkey??? 
@user ask Jenelle if i can use da car on da 29th den ill take you 
"Never thought I would see ""Justin Bieber"" in the context of something positive 
"By local, fresh produce for xmas at the special @user x @user twilight market on 23 Dec 
Droid Bionic comes out the 8th? Ohhhh hmm... 
#Boxing: Movie-man Mayweather lashes critics: Floyd Mayweather said Wednesday that he is more likely to end up... 
We need to think about cyber security AND Space? C’mon Obama, Capt. Picard has at least one of those on lock. #debate 
"REPOST 2 Bikes just opened up for SOUL SUNDAY 930am TERLINGO CYCLE  Four Tops, Bee Gees, Gloria Gaynor (like... 
golf on Sunday with @user @user and @user is going to be more one sided than klitschko vs @user 
Apple iPod Photo Classic 4th Generation White (20 GB) with Music 
"yesterday, it has passed a year and four months since The Great East Japan Earthquake 11 March 2011." 
"Calling all Christians with faith, pray for the end of time is at hand. I'm ready. Are you? Take time this second.  
I dreamt I sat with @user at a Star Wars event, eating @user Lamb 86, watching James Lipton interview Ralph McQuarrie. 
You may have attributed this to the wrong Tom Brady. 
The same dresden that had led the huge anti Islam protests back in january? Mmmh ok ok 
Back in rehearsal on Monday with The Woman In Black after a summer with The Sound of Music. 
I can't believe I just sat through Ant-Man again 
With @user 2nd #GalaxyUnpacked on today. Here 5 things we want from the rumoured Galaxy Note 5. 
James May's plasticine garden at the Chelsea Flower Show: Jane Perrone talks to James May about his unusual choi... 
Dean ambrose with roman reigns vs Luke harper with bray Wyatt  now on wwe monday night raw 8/10/2015 
@user Horrible. Diehard fans may love the hard R, but lots of people will pass. Ant-Man was fun, quirky, enjoyable. Not this." 
We have that appointment w/ the curator of the Dallas Holocaust Museum tomorrow & Kev just told me that it's next to the Book Depository. 
watched Unofficially Yours with Richard Mark Morcella, his partner and Jaja Abastillas 
Did you know that 'Josh Hamilton' was Trending Topic on Friday 14 for 4 hours in Dallas-Ft. Worth? #trndnl 
What do you guys wanna see me stream tomorrow? Minecraft or Destiny? 
"Tony Blair will address the Foreign Press Association in Jerusalem tomorrow. After eight years in the region, what light will he shed?" 
"#UFC192 in Houston but waiting for @user to make McGregor vs Aldo, Rousey vs Tate December 5th in Dallas official" 
If you still don’t want to listen, wait until Monday on iTunes at 5pm (GMT) you can listen all of the TMH songs. 
"I had #nochill with my Bad Blood snap chat from Saturday's show, oh well I literally don't care" 
"Had a dream that I sat in a Vegas club with Floyd Mayweather, Eli Manning, and Vincent Chase. Not sure why my brain put those 3 together." 
Bright moonlight later may hamper auroral observations, but Jupiter and the Moon are very close tonight. 
@user Seth Rollins should put his title on the line every Monday. That what's best for business! 
May have something to do with Big Brother 
"Tea Time at the James P. Nix Center, Thursday, August 18 ; 2 p.m. Topic: Birding in Coastal Alabama & the Alabama... 
"If John Kasich was frustrated by the medias momentary obsession with the billionaire real estate mogul Tuesday, he didnt show it" 
@user  my  heart is broken for your loss of your husband Frank Gifford may he rest in peace god bless you and your family. 
Who’s into Astrology? And I mean in depth with it not just Sun sign Astrology. In other words able to do natal/birth chart readings? 
Tomorrow Getafe-Barcelona (Copa del Rey). Looks like Messi will start on the bench for the 3rd consecutive time 
"I may throw the illest """"Fade Route"""" ....I should enter the NFL Combine, lol" 
"Hey Shawn, you're suspended for Friday's game ""No I'm not"" ""You right. I'm sorry. I'm suspended. Good luck fam""" 
@user Please help! Love my holster bought Feb ’12 at WPPI but it’s frayed in many places. Urgent need for help b4 Oct 27 wedding ta 
3rd!bottom at the left part! #MTVStars The Vamps 
realizing tomorrow is Friday>>> then realizing you have Bellamy first thing in the morning<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 
"Droid Bionic is out today. If any PR reps will send one my way, I'll talk about it here there and... 
I still need to know James's birthday, for the sun sign analasys, im guessing second deacon virgo, shy, not like Kerry, surprise me 
So Kim Kardashian is on the cover of Rolling Stone?  Why the outrage? She may be unsavory but she is still a current trend. 
"On November 16 ; me, my mom, and my sister are going to see """"Breaking Dawn: part 2"""" #judgeus" 
#yakubToHang Breaking NEWS : President studying Yakub's mercy plea.Says he doesnt want to decide in haste.Needs time.Hanging may not happen 
Katy Perry's game flops while Kim Kardashian breaks the app store - The Sun 
Time for Thursday Night Football as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers take on the Minnesota Vikings. #NFL 
"After Amit Shah, Rahul Gandhi will open congress campaign for 2016 Assam election tomorrow.He is on a two days visit to the state.." 
I can't imagine Charles Darwin would have just sat back and accepted there was no evolutionary purpose for a narwal horn. Scientists?! 
"Tony Blair will be questioned by MPs on  Friday 11 Dec about the UK's intervention in #Libya,  the @user has just announced" 
"I may lose conservative followers for my beliefs about supporting Gay marriage, but my values are more important to me than follow count." 
David Wright is a beast and Harper needs to come to Philly we will stay till the 9th if you play for us. @user 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs Oakland Raiders Odds: Find out why each team will cover the spread on Sunday. 
@user The Vietnamese are the ultimate realists / survivalists: 1st Monsanto and now Nestle. #ComingFullCircle 
I still haven’t started tidying my room and I’m just sat on the floor watching Project X  lol 
@user yes...okay I’m going to sleep night Tressa talk to you tomorrow hun!  xx 
"It's Friday, so you deserve this picture of Ice Cube on Space Mountain at Disneyland. 
I'm including 20th &amp; 21st because NO ONE is going to work/school on the week of Eid. 
@user I will text you tomorrow, now I work in window maintenance at Movistar in Colombia-Medellin. I work for Nokia. 
"Tigers jump out to a 1-0 lead in Houston.  Victor Martinez RBI single in the 4th.  Meanwhile, David Price is shutting out the Yankees thru 7" 
@user @user C'mon Travis it's all about the kids..." 
@user Sir, If you looked in the mirror 1st thing in morning and saw Rahul Gandhi, what will be your first thought? #AskAnupamAnything" 
Is that live or the 2nd half of the orange bowl? #daboswinneyproblems MT @user a late arriving crowd.   
@user C'mon apart from Jews, Muslims and Christians whom their beliefs are a bit similar, the rest are not realistic" 
Check out the new fall TV at Paleyfest tomorrow! 
@user that’s true but until its all decided that’s who @user is going with. Danny Care would be 2nd choice right now. 
Short hair is back! Check  it out. (clockwise) Alicia K, RiRi, Miley C and Twiggy the 1st skinny model.  #pi 
My whole timeline is the osu Vt game and I actually know what's going on cuz Shawn has sat me down to watch it:-) 
LMAO RT @user They should make a new Friday and have Kevin Hart Katt Williams And Mike Epps in it. 
Tom Brady won't talk about 'Deflate-Gate'  New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady said on Sunday that he... 
Ligue 1: Nadal watches as PSG go top: Paris St Germain went to the top of Ligue 1 on Saturday after a Kevin Game... 
"UConn confirms 2 p.m. press conference tomorrow at Gampel to discuss """"future of the men’s basketball program.""""" 
Tom Brady joins @user tomorrow morning at 8:20 I'll join @user @user for the debut of new midday show at 10 @user 
TOMORROW (Thurs) I AM STREAMING 12 HOURS OF NUCLEAR THRONE REBEL RUNS from 12pm to 12am with 12 hours of 12 David Bowie albums (2/2) 
November 16 Breaking Dawn part 2 is coming out who gonna watch it with me ? 
Theory: What if Frank Ocean dropped out of FYF Fest to instead perform at the VHS Luau dance tomorrow? 
@user hey peasant are we going to Helsinki on Saturday with the other peasants? 
"Your mileage may vary, but I just can't take a 50-year-old guy w/ a receding hairline and overdone eyeliner seriously against Brock Lesnar." 
We now on the 2nd half of the show  Now - Katy Perry - This Is How We Do .... 
@user what about the beat to 3rd Quarter by Gucci 
@user It's possible that, to find ice cream sammich nirvana, you may have to go a little more upscale than a gas station." 
"ZE:A’s Dong Jun and B2ST’s Dongwoon have been cast for the role of Frank in musical """"Catch Me If You Can"""" which will be their musical debut." 
Nintendo of Europe decreased the size Target's Mario amiibo during November 21st 
Who’s getting a picture with Chris Jericho on Friday?  
"Since Tottenham's game against Everton was postponed, they will start the season against Man Utd at Old Trafford on 22 August. @user 
"Give orders to the children of Israel to give you clean olive oil for the light, so that a light may be burning at all t..." 
If this goes all the way to the 5th.... Odds lie with Murray to take the match. #usopen #SSTennis 
Going to the Wizards me tomorrow!!!!!! Sice!!!!! 
#Retirement moves: Little known IRA shift may save you money featuring Professor David Littell via CNBC.... 
guess who paid for an NBA League Pass & guess who’s watching his team lose for the 2nd night in a row... FML! 
@user do you think you could please more women in 1 night than Charlie Sheen? 
@user I have no idea who that is! Was thinking about Wednesday Adams, not just so I can wear a wig, honest." 
The #MNTwins bullpen faltered Thursday afternoon in a 6-4 loss to the White Sox at Target Field. | 
"The team I'd like to see play for everton tonight, Howard, nev, jags, dist, baines; osman, rodwell, bark, Billy; becks & Saha. #efc" 
@user come to green valley ranch Jeff Timmons wired show buddy I play guitar in it!!!!!  This Friday and Saturday in ovation room 
"[NOLA: LSU Tigers Central] Last chance to chat about LSU vs. Kentucky, join beat writer Jim Kleinpeter Friday, n #LSU" 
Williams stopped short of the goal line on 3rd-and-6. Heels line up to go for it on 4th-and-2. Brian Kelly wants a timeout. 
@user @user With that view, I'm sure you may also believe radical Islam will suddenly lay down their arms &amp; B peaceful" 
I wanna go see Rise of the Planet of the Apes tonight! 
if ur going to lolla tomorrow and not seeing Paul McCartney then u confuse me deeply 
"Carlos Rodon (@CarlosRodon16) is on pace for his 5th straight Quality Start (6 IP, 1 ER, 4ks), but the White Sox are currently down 0-1" 
"Taking Go Set a Watchman with me to the beach tomorrow, the critics haven't put me off in the slightest 
Gucci unmentionables alter ego hopeful prognosis march bring to notice the pair your significative up-to-date ... 
@user Capello had a draw in his 4th game with Juve in the Serie A (2004/2005). 
We look forward to @user joining us in Milan on 14 Jan to talk about #NATO #China and #Russia in the #MiddleEast #ETFSConference 
@user will you be joking the naugles to be for dinner on Saturday night at Olive Garden for Kayla jos b-day... 
Can't wait for @user @user in October. Hopefully I run into @user so I can bust his balls about Conor McGregor. 
"Tomorrow for decade day, I'm wearing all black and being an Oreo..." 
When you gotta read a chapter of a book and then write a 4 page paper on it but you're just jamming to Nirvana. Tomorrow's gonna be sick. 
"Harper Lee's new novel ""Go Set a Watchman"" will be published tomorrow. Get a sneak peek of the first chapter here: 
Tomorrow I'm gonna go buy all the seasons of The Walking Dead! 
Ahaaa. Mom is funny af’. LolRT @user My Mom called & said she’s going to thee club Saturday to see Plies -____- Mom sit down . 
First debate: Is Tom Brady a cheater or is he innocent? Be in the lecture hall at lunch on September 17th to find out. 
@user @user Would u start Big Ben or Tom Brady next Thursday night ? I'm going against Cousins or Eli. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on Thursday charged with break... 
@user @user @user are you going to Shawn's show on the 8th??? 
#UFC @user Yushin Okami isn't just Anderson Silva's opponent Saturday night - he's the only... - 
@user Going to the Mizzou game on Saturday! Here with Kaleb’s family. What are you doing here? 
NodaRioty happening tomorrow night at Neighborhood Theatre. Put it on your social agenda to come out support your local artist!!! 
@user Obama has over 8 million followers.I  think only a few read every tweet. That may be the case with all others. 
"May I please see the storage facility?" - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
Vermaelen starting for Barca 2nd time in a row. Didnt think he'd play that much for them. 
"The @user Podcast is live, as @user and columnists from the network talk NFL and CFB. Listen here: 
"Don't forget about congress! We'll discuss close races in Calif. and around the U.S., Friday at 10am. 
@user Hi there. Counting down the days until Im back in UK and going to see LFC - NUFC on Sunday from my Season Ticket seat in The Kop! 
"Check out Paul McCartney talking about the 3rd unreleased Beatles reunion song ""Now and Then"" that remains... 
"Sometimes I forget Zayn left one direction, and then when the realisation hits and it's 25th March all over again" 
Josh Hamilton with his 5th game-winning RBI this season. #Rangers 
I predict Cowboys may be 8-2 (at worst) going into bye week with the possible loss being to Arizona. @user @user Thoughts? 
@user did u see?Il Divo’s coming to Romania (Bucharest) THIS Sunday!if I’d only known 2-3 months earlier!!do u like ’em?r u going? 
Jarryd Hayne: the Australian rugby star Seattle Seahawks may bring to the NFL - The Guardian (blog): The Guard... 
"If you google ""fresh prince costume"" I’m the 3rd picture!" 
"pondering which wine to open for the 3rd set, @user 2-0 up against Murray #USOpen #stellenbosch GO KEVIN!!" 
ima order some tickets for the Senior BOwl in JAnuary 
If you’re on the Isle of Man next Thurs, I’ll be talking about Safe House and signing books at Waterstones from 6.30pm. @user 
Similarity between #Mohandas Gandhi &amp; #Narendra Modi:  Have you seen Dandi March video clips? Both are working through @ fast pace. 
@user part of the India ’A’ playing XI, will be available for the Ranji Trophy opening fixture against Baroda starting tomorrow. 
"Obama: ""Get off your high horse Christians"" C'mon Mr. President, tell us how you really feel 
Minimap is here with all the news about Metal Gear, Deus Ex, Hamlet, Ace Attorney, Nintendo, Amazon and PS4! 
Because Nicki actually looked up to Kim but Kim came at her for no reason?? Why argue with someone you idolized? 
"To ""show different aspects (of Iran)"" &amp; ""leave the conflict at the level of the leaders and not between the people."" 
@user tie it to gay marriage, meatless Friday's and the removal of certain cereals from SDH" 
"#WWE debuting new children's series """"Saturday Morning Slam"""" on the CW Network at 10 a.m. EST today. ." 
On today (July 23) in 1988 Nirvana play at The Central Tavern in Seattle. There were about 12 people in attendance. 
#np Lights Of Cincinatti by Scott Walker from the album: The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine 
mom: "I say 23 because your birthday is on the 23rd" me: no you say it because mj  mom: michael jackson? me: did he play ball too? mom: oh. 
On my way to the airport with 50 min sleep all night...eyes burning like I'm on True Blood..WTF 
It looks like a lot of you prefer to have Kpop shows in December. Would you rather have a show before finals or after finals? #Kpop 
Really wish I was going to Jason Aldean at DTE energy on September 18 
"Last match of the tour #NoINDvWI Simply Outstanding, Dramatic Dharamsala ! India 330-6, 50 overs #INDvWI 20th ODI... 
The Fox shows watched moving onto a movie, George Clooney no thank you. I may be one of the few on the planet who has never watched Titanic 
@user They may want to learn about basics of Islam as well... 
Enter our competition to win a London Children’s Map Puzzle just follow and RT.Closes Friday 8th@4pm 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes subliminal level head may toga virilis the duplicated yours proper herein cong... 
Yakub will be hanged tomorrow. But his execution has exposed ugly face of our journalists. Isn't it. 
Sometimes you listen to Adele on a Sunday night and google Chris Evans. 
Apple's new model of watchOS 2 is going to be available on September 16 in 24 countries except India 
I'm posting everything tomorrow it was a long day at MetLife turns out I have a bruise 
may i just... chris evans 
Kohls has about fifteen racks of pats stuff and nothing Red Sox come on I want a new shirt for the game tomorrow 
@user I doubt it. But we may just get to see in a BCS bowl in January. As for KState, they’re good, just not SEC good. 
Wanna have your say on the Atlantic Strategy? Come to Bilbao on the 12th #atlanticforum 
I may need to get TweetBot for my iPod just for the mute function. 
The GAA has appointed Meath referee David Coldrick to take charge of the All-Ireland final showdown between Dublin and Kerry on Sunday week. 
Watching Devil Inside for the 2nd time and I’m about to freeking cry. 
Today: Sefton v @user HOME 12noon - including President’s Day; 2nd XI v @user Away 12.45pm.  Let’s hope the forecast’s wrong! 
Friday on My Mind by David Bowie from the album: Pin Ups 
I sat with Peter Garrett once in business class. that's my story. 
3rd floor of the library feels like the forbidden section of the Harry Potter library 
If you are a college undergrad and really want to see Greek Life or even just turn up to levels you can't imagine be @ UCLA Fri &amp; USC Sat. 
This vote for GameDay bit is preposterous lol. Texas A&M and NC State have 300,000+ votes, Nebraska is 3rd with just 30,000.... MN has 68... 
"Prep work before the Con tomorrow (@ Cinemagic for Ant-Man in Portsmouth, NH) 
"Ugh, have to agree with you there (was groaning at the Christians in Name Only, really) 
Who wants to go see catelynn and tyler from teen mom with me on thursday??? 
@user @user @user @user @user @user im sat with frank Ocean right now! Nothing to do with Fifa Im just gassed 
Zach Putnam will be unavailable for the White Sox again tonight after experiencing right groin soreness while warming up Saturday night. 
please can someone remind frank ocean that it's now July 68th and we  have yet to receive a new album? 
@user Did you see where Paul Dunne hit his tee shot on the 2nd in his final round? #beyondyarnterritory 
@user Not sure if you'd enjoy them, but Forever the Sickest Kids. Coasts. Possibly Owl City? Sam Smith. The Neighborhood. U may??" 
First Day of School Tomorrow!  Oh yeah it's also GAME WEEK...position meetings/walk-thrus from 7:45-8:15am.  Time to get Gucci with it. 
Recent conditions have allowed 226 Euclid to hold open tryouts for the Iditarod. Registration is tomorrow at noon. 
Juventus have sign Cuadrado and presenting him like its the 2nd coming of Del Piero. Why? :O 
Ohhhh I just realized with the maintenance on SuperCard tonight it may be how they remove Hulk Hogan from the game. 
@user I'm happy to see the #Nats sat Zimmerman over Harper...Harvey owns Harper #Mets 
Word RT @user Smh RT @user <==== Broncos fan for the night! I hope Tony Romo gets sacked at least 15 times. #Thatisall 
even more desperate than during summer oracle's event when i failed to get my 2nd copy of sandcastle girl and ended up with UR summer oracle 
"So provided twitch will work with me, I'll try to do a short stream for MGS5 (PS4) on 12:30am (Eastern US time) this Tuesday." 
#SEC on @user - Is the SEC behind Alabama this Saturday night? 
@user Liverpool are a hobby,Red Sox is their passion,Liverpool will always play 2nd fiddle,your days dining at the top table are over!" 
"Twins lose 6-4 to the White Sox, falling 1.5 games behind idle Texas in the race for the final AL WC spot. Minnesota travels to Houston Fri." 
During Thursday night's edition of Jimmy Kimmel Live, the ABC comedian helped first lady Michelle Obama make a... 
Discussing the T Swift vs K Perry feud with boyf (he was unaware). He's a big fan of both. He says he's torn. May have to boycott Bad Blood. 
@user What happened to Breakout Kings? Thought it may of come back after the block. Have you guys just cut it completely from programming? 
"This is Al Michaels, with Frank Gifford and Dan Dierdorf. Growing up in the 80's. Monday Night Football" 
John Cena has done 500 make-a-wishes. One for every point the DOW dropped on Friday when he was at the NYSE. 
@user I just put on the TCAs because I can always watch Big Brother on on demand tomorrow 
@user 13 innings. Hit bombs to tie it in the 9th and 11th and lost on a CPU squeeze with Josh Hamilton AND my infield IN 
Mom: Why are you listening to Plies early Sunday morning?  Me: *blank stare* *pause* My Strip club name is Mr. Will-Throw-It *walks away* 
"Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Prince George Career Open House: August 26th at 6 PM - #PrinceGeorge, BC" 
2nd half when it really mattered them Dublin players decided they were winning &amp; that was that. Kerry are getting embarrassed in 2 weeks! 
Road Trip (sort of) with my boyfriend this Monday from Pottstown, PA, to Hanover, PA, to Chambersburg, PA, then ... 
SaMove - Northcote Rugby Ladies Night Out (22 June 2012) In support of the Under 13s' Australian Tour 
"#fb Fiorina blasts Clinton, asks why Trump is MIA: Republican hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday that she... #news" 
"This female said Kirko Bangz will be her nigga one day .........C'MON SON, (FOH!) lmao" 
So with matches still to play in the round, the Giallorossi move to 2nd, almost certain to drop a few places. Falling to 18th are Juventus! 
Top TEN strikers who are on the Premier League’s January wishlist via @user 
"Zayn is back in LA - he was seen leaving The Warwick in Hollywood last night, August 26 
@user We are hoping for the September 17th. Just waiting for approval from Apple. 
"Also, remember to have dinner at Maverik Center Monday with the grand openings of Little Italy and El Pasado Cantina in the arena." 
"Sun going down over Rock Im Park, Germany. Off to watch The Offspring 
"In case you haven't heard, Orono's Brian Butterfield is the new #redsox 3rd base coach! @user talks about the hire on @user at 6!" 
#GOPDebate John Kasich is like 10th in the polls. Why is he getting all this time? Had to be a deal for the hometown gov. 
"""@ESPNStatsInfo: Better QB: Ben Roethlisberger or Eli Manning? You make the call - and watch them face off this Sunday."" Tony Romo." 
Gucci plurality superego credit march tumefy the span yours connotative ingressive tailpiece in contemplation ... 
David Owen: Why British Olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ... 
Praying Wednesday can beat manager less Rovers. Hoping Jordan Rhodes forgets he put 4 past us last season! #swfc 
Duffy gearing for showdown against rival White Sox: Danny Duffy gets the start for the Royals in Saturday nigh... 
Why Harley-Davidson may not be the perfect ride for Scott Walker 
@user make sure to leave the Dunkin at home tomorrow, don't want Sharpe to snap on you again" 
@user We’re on a normal recording schedule again, Mondays around 6:00pm Eastern, would that work for you one Monday? 2/2 
Anne Hathaway hid her pregnancy so well ppl just found out she's in her 2nd trimester. if Briana is so private why couldn't she do the same? 
"I put Brady as second-best QB in league still behind Peyton, just ahead of Brees at 3rd, Rodgers 4th." 
I feel like Shawn is gonna tell us him and Camila are dating tomorrow when he's on Kelly and Michael... 
Check it out New post: See how much Kim Kardashian &amp; Kanye West were Offered For The 1st Photos Of Their Son Saint 
No! R u sure? I didnt even know Milan is polluted . I thought all time is cleaned. To know I'm in LA to take the sun . 
"But when yall see that Nissan Titan .... riding thur cary, with them 28's on it.. yall can see that a nigga grind has begun to pay off!" 
Will @user be a Super Eagles regular with his move to Weder Bremen? Read it on @user   
Photos: Sunday Oliseh signs contract as new Super Eagles coach: He signed the contract moments ago. Congrats t... 
Video Throwback Sunday: Prince George &amp; Princess Charlotte after her christening at the Church of St Mary Magdalene 
Who will be evicted. Steve or Johnny Mac. Find out tomorrow at 8/7c. And who will return to the game? Find out on Big Brother! #BB17 
13 days until the boys. 25 until ed. i miss shawn. tomorrow is the first day of school. i'm sobbing. 
"Aftr few days of""PERSPIRATION/DOUBT,NATION'S CONSCIENCE is REJOICING""fr 4th time in 10 years,in Yakub's Hanging lik it did in AFZAL GURU'S?" 
Umps say no homer. Now Red Sox want to review whether or not Donaldson was safe at 3rd. Looked safe to me. #BlueJays 
"Prime Minister launched Swachh Bharat campaign in New Delhi on 2 October 2014, the occasion of 145th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi." 
Oh dear Howard Webb is the referee for the ManU V Arsenal game on Saturday at Old Trafford. 
I wish Milan make an attempt to sign Candreva in January 
In Manhattan? Please bring food/batteries to the#homeless residents of @user RFK apt @ 113 East 13th St#SandyVolunteer 
Wouldn't it be an irony if Yakub's hanging goes ahead as planned tomorrow coinciding with Kalam's funeral? Just asking! @user 
Tiger Woods draws crowd of fans on practice day at Honda Classic: Hold on, Bobby, Tuesday was a school day. Why ... 
Going to #FantasticFour tomorrow. Half expecting the box office girl to give me a sad look and say I can see Ant-Man a second time instead. 
Shreya Ghoshal will be at the FLATO Markham Theatre for a one night engagement Oct 9 
George Clooney’s sister: He won’t wed: George Clooney’s sister doesn’t think he will ever marry again.The 51-yea... 
"Almost all the senior people's of AAP have supported Yakub, may i know on what ground you all have done it? @user @user 
Had a few emails about my storck adrenalin The chap clearly new feck all about carbon and bikes in general.I may have to brake it for spares 
@user @user WE aren't too far apart, Nicki. In fact, we may be at the same point. I don't remember if I stopped at 11 or 12." 
@user that practice is from the african athiests and sun worshippers. Not from Islam. 
Am I the only one who's seeing David Bowie? 
"I may be wrong about what I think happened between Katy Perry and I but that's based on Katy's none response to me, To me we shared a moment" 
Check out what's happening at the San Diego County Fair (Del Mar Fairgrounds) this Saturday! 
"Ain't got a drug problem but a love problem, but then again that may be one in the same. _De La Soul" 
At least we won't face De Bruyne for Wolfsburg in the Champions League, or against City when they get Barca in the 2nd round 
@user Really! So lucky, Matt Harvey is pitching, it's David Wright's 1st home game since coming off the disabled list!" 
"""""@cii_meEXPOSEDx2: The PreGame ’State of the Union’ VUU vs VCU .. tomorrow night at Mansion !""""" 
"5-at-10: Weekend winners and losers, meet the Tide and Tigers, and Frank Gifford's Rushmore. 
BREAKING NEWS: Martinez leaves Everton after Europa League exit and sitting 12th in table. Immediately agrees deal with Hull. @user 
Sunday means #BEARDOWN @ Verizon Wireless Club at the Georgia Dome 
uploading random pics! Lol this is me last Sunday at a show at the Adrienne Arsht Center! 
@user Yeah I’m like, 20 minutes from West Liberty. Text me the name of the stadium tomorrow. I’ll put it in my GPS. 
Registration for the Blue Diamond Almonds Shamrock’n Half Marathon opens November 1st at 10am. If we reach 1,000... 
@user who is that ""Chuck Norris""? C'mon, he's unknown to our generation! Why not Mr. T?#AkwaIbom #Akpabio" 
With the Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh at the National Stadium Abuja. Super Eagles 1 vs Football College Abuja 0 
@user it's Saturday night and I'm on Twitter talking bout naruto 
HOW DEEP IS YOUR LOVE by BEE GEES was no.3 in the UK charts on 10 December 1977 
Stephanie Grace: Why I want to see Bobby Jindal and John Kasich debate  via @user 
"Kris Bryant his a two-run home run in the 8th to tie it, but then Joey Votto hits go-ahead 3-run homer in the 9th. #Reds #Cubs" 
"""""@rowdycity: NBA season starts tomorrow! Who is your favorite team? Will the heat repeat as champs? SACRAMENTO KINGS.     Nope" 
@user there is no 4th day in Eid in the first place. #einstein 
Schumer pairs with Schumer and Rousey may be a movie star! Tonight on Trending. 
"I still would like a Nicki follow, but if she followed me, she'd just be a flop that followed me.  
Woods down to 30th in world rankings: Tiger Woods has dropped another two places to 30th in the latest world rankings. 
I just want someone to call me tomorrow &amp; do that whole scene in twilight when she's asking how old Edward is. My true friends will do this 
New Basics Foundation for January just listed, beginning Monday January 28th - that’s right, Australia Day public... 
"On to the 5th inning at Fenway Park. The Red Sox lead the Phillies 6 to 1. David Ortiz with career Home Run 497, and has knocked in 3 runs" 
Seamus &amp; Chris will broadcast live from the Curtis house tomorrow as build up to the @user FAI Cup Final 
@user hahahaha i was thinking the same thing. Welp. You better make milan drive fast tomorrow 
Now I get it: Moebius and Ray Bradbury went before to be at Neil Armstrong's 2nd landing... Dreamers 
The moon is an errant thief, And her pale fire she snatches from the sun." - Esteemed romantic poet, Snoop Dogg 
@user that may sound like a plan! Are you staying in terra nova? maybe come out for one after I've had some grub 
James hall LIVE in Indianapolis Dec.8th.. CHRIST CHURCH APOSTOLIC!’ Tixs just $10/adv. $15@door BE THERE.. 
"also, just want to remind all our band folks the deadline is approaching submit to SXSW 2013- get it in by Nov 7th! 
@user I think xbox and ps4 gets it on the 24th 
New blog post : Marvel’s Phase Two Kicks Off with ’Iron Man 3’ Trailer on October 23rd 
"7 of the top 10 Search Engine referrals for TVE today are Mike & Molly related, thanks to Melissa McCarthy's win at the #Emmys!" 
"Jared Gaither, Shareece Wright full for the 2nd straight day. Eddie Royal (hamstring) and Jonas Mouton limited. #practiceupdate #Chargers" 
@user ...but indie or those with real resources will take audio risks (and may eventually become &gt;mainstream like Danny Elfman) 
why am I not going to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow 
@user @user @user @user Chadli as a back up/3rd striker is not the worst thing to have. To replace Kane, no" 
"The creed of the Khawarij, who made takfeer on Muslims on less then sins! You may answer, ""oh dawlah has the evidence and I trust then I" 
@user  Marky says the rumour is that MeatLoaf is going into CBB in January, hope he’s right lol he’ll be hilarious xxxx 
"Rickrolls, rumours and riddles: the hype behind Frank Ocean's new album | Music | The Guardian 
Saw the 1st team training and saw Edgar Davids. Looks like deece baller for a 39 year old. Training monday! 
"Iran is in the grip of a seven-year drought, and it may be the new normal 
Carmelo Anthony is going to put on a show tomorrow mark my words #TeamMelo #KnicksTape 
Today its the 12 October 2012. Five years ago on 12 October 2007 the first Wizards Of Waverly Place episode ever premiered on Disney Channel 
"Funny how people believe the sun when it's about Zayn, though, isn't it lol f u" 
Kiss a guy you just met after riding amusement park rides then he get eaten by Sharknado -- rough 1st date  #Sharknado3 
"I hope I never forget about Frank Ocean's verse on ""Sunday""" 
@user I play HORSE against Jordan Farmar on Sun for charity. Working on my over the backboard shots today in the St. John Bosco gym 
Planning to watch Ant-Man tomorrow and see all the fuss about .... I hope I won't get disappointed ..... 
"Rangers add another run; Josh Hamilton scores his second run of the night on a Chirinos safety squeeze. 4-1 Rangers, middle of 7th." 
@user Harper will issue an apology through the team no later than tomorrow. 
@user lol you still don't get it, Kentucky has ratified the 14th Amendment which SCOTUS says gives equal protection to marriages. 
Monday Night Raw tonight and we have one thing confirmed... Sheamus takes on Randy Orton at Battleground! 
"Once again, Dustin Johnson (-6) is a leader in the clubhouse after his 1st rd of a major. Whistling Straits was made for his game #PGAChamp" 
@user sounds Gucci I may be in the shower but the doors open so just come up 
"tonight I dreamed of being in Orleans with the bus lines of Milan, and the IperCoop of Piazza Lodi instead of the Carrefour of Place d'Arc." 
"Christie, Kasich Make Cut for Fox Debate; Rick Perry Out - John Kasich secured the ninth and 10th spots, respectiv... 
Good luck and may the GMO Gods (Monsanto) correct you to the path of truth. ;) @user 
This song may have only been released to Kanye West and John Legend before it was performed. #whitepeopleareclueless 
@user it's always against no doubt Kane will end his drought on Saturday 
@user still be in bolton i think :) you free sunday then? X 
Erdogan called on Tuesday for parliament to lift the immunity from prosecution of lawmakers from the Kurdish party  
"Good Morning everyone after 4hrs of sleep we are back on the """"Road to Eldora""""!! FASTRAK Racing Series at Eldora Speedway for $5K Saturday!!" 
@user They won the belts from the Spirit Squad &amp; the Potato Sunday ppv &amp; lost the belts to Randy  Orton &amp; Edge 8 days later on Raw. 
Ik heb een @user als 'leuk' gemarkeerd Apple Special Event March 7 2012 iPad 3 the new ipad Ful 
@user Ooops! There's just an on-sale for The Vamps on Sat 7 Nov, no pre-sale! We've just updated our website, sorry for any confusion" 
I feel like Viola Davis is being Cicely Tysoned but I’m going to bed. I may awake to hate tweets. 
@user  nothin Friday night b cuz I got a game Saturday but Saturday night I think I’m hanging out with nick, pat, drake, and Ben 
The back page of the Star on Sunday have Atletico Madrid sniffing around a Chelsea goalie. After Thibaut Courtois... 
"Scott Walker now says he would phase out RFS: Source: - Tuesday, Augus... #youtube #parents" 
Liverpool 2-0 FC Gomel in what has been a cracking first half for Liverpool. Borini opening his Liverpool account and Stevie scoring the 2nd 
Tony Blair the former prime minster of the UK tried to force Thom Yorke to meet him 
VOTING WONT END UNTIL the 15TH SO IF U DONT SEE THE VOTES THAT DOESNT MEAN IT ENDED #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Murray's 2nd serve still ripe for abuse. Belluci has to do more with his returns. #USOpen2015 
my party on.the 2nd at club Crucial ima b bouncing around singing iam freebarz I am freebarz.like I really am apart of the movement lol 
sept 9-11th pcb florida 60$ a person due by aug 27th need 15 more people to fill the bus dm me 
"Soto homered to add another run to the White Sox's tally, lead 4-0 in the 7th" 
On this day (September 03, 2009), Michael Jackson was buried at his final resting place - The... 
Will there be a tally room this Saturday? And will it be the CIT change rooms again? I may head to see the Caps instead. #datenight 
Sunday get on the ropes with James Murphy.YogaCity NYC | Yoga, Meditation, Pranayama & Kirtan Events in New York City 
Tuesday is my Sixteen hour day and I’m still up... 
Vanuatu goes to the polls on 30 October. You can follow the progress on the Pacific Policy website. 
david price pitches for the toronto blue jays tomorrow #encore 
@user Krugman may like Trump but Jeb Bush is still the Democrat party choice for Republican nominee. 
Really? I like Holly Holm but is she ready for Rousey? Thoughts? 
Sigh, my Apple Watch just informed me "TIME TO STAND" literally right after I sat down after walking to get a cup of coffee. 
BRFTM SPORTS NEWS Cris Cyborg's Nutritionist Says Fight with Rousey at 135 lbs Possible for Dec. 5 
Comedy Central RT @user What channel is Arsenal game on tonight 
@user : ill have copies on deck for the show on the 28th at the Hoosier Dome . 
"I only give Kendrick his props because of his rapping style on Black Friday, his lyrical sense is there as well but it's Cole or die for me" 
PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with th... 
In South Korea, when ur born, ur already a 1 yr old, #Psy was born on 31st Decemeber, so next day he was 2 yr old :D #TrueFact 
@user @user @user it's October third. the day that Aaron Samuels talked to Cady. we still need a viewing party. 
Question Time comes from London tomorrow night wth Jerry Springer and David Miliband amongst those on the panel: 
When you were invited to an Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow at 7 but you turn it down cause a retreat that you've been lookin forward to is at 2 
Gold and Diamond are never at the periphery, we really need to dig deeper into Christianity....Phil. 3:10-18,Rom. 12:1-3..... Happy Sunday. 
I spent all weekend in the sun, and I'm still paler than the ghost of Michael Jackson. #whitepeopleproblems 
Wish I could see the Foo Fighters at Wrigley tonight but they put on one of the best shows Thursday! 
"For the feature film ""GIFTED"" - starring Chris Evans - FITTING tomorrow FRI 11/13 - working MON 11/16  -... 
"Just Announced: Milan, Italy - Dec 23 at Blues Jam: a Lady day Tale 
Started watching Twilight as a joke and now I've basically sat through the whole movie. 
@user yest, the state feared Yakub may get more supporters through protests. Today, they have what they want. Nothing to lose" 
@user HMMm hes not like a rock but its just hard to tell if he gay or str8 + even if hes gay i may not be his type... 
"just curious @user how the Hulk Hogan story is ""new this morning."" everyone else had it at 5pm on Friday. just sayin." 
@user In your defense,my love of Dickens’ original may be regarded unnecessarily high in my eyes because of the history I have with it 
I want Gatekeeper to dj every event I go to.  From here on out (@ 7th Street Entry for Teengirl Fantasy w/ @user 
Kuun fastest so far on SS4, Williams 2nd and Fekken 3rd. Cronje still leads but the gap is now 8sec from Habif #sarally #pr 
@user I’ll look it up tomorrow..I only wanted to hear Keith Urban & Carrie Underwood sing & who won entertainer of the year lol 
@user Ahh okay. Maybe it's more that Google+ chat thing I've seen,is what I'm thinking of. Main window 9/10th's full &amp; waiting ppl below 
"Hull on Saturday right. OX, Cazorla, Alexis behind Welbeck for me. Rest picks it's self." 
"Literally 1st time I've ever watched the #VMAs. Miley called Nicki out on her CRAP, and I respect that. #sorrynotsorry #suckitupnicki" 
"This pizza has taken over an hour... There's a Foo Fighters concert here, so they may have trouble getting to the house FFS" 
"White Sox eager to keep offense clicking: Entering Saturday's 6-3 victory over the Mariners, the White Sox off... 
"He maybe racist, he may be jobless, but even Hulk Hogan isnt at the point where he'd willingly share a house with Bobby Davro. #CBB" 
Yes I can call it commitment because they are signing yet. National Signing Day for NBA is July 11th. 
He may be a creative genius but Stan Lee didn't come up with Thor  #bbcr4today 
Some areas of New England could see the first flakes of the season Tuesday. 
Today or Tomorrow night work have to been done by midnight. No shame or sharing with twilight your future will be bright. 
To make room for the new movies, MAGIC MIKE XXL's last showing is WEDS. THE GALLOWS, INSIDE OUT, &amp; JURASSIC WORLD's last showings are THURS. 
Listened to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt and got the chilli 
EN DIRECT sur #Periscope : im practicing the rolling stone for wednesday in quebec 
If she did the US may be at war with Iran right now. 
"Did you catch this? Pretty Little Liars’ Marlene King: Toby Isn’t a Double Agent """"He’s On Team A"""" - Exclusive" 
Monica Vernon and Pat Murphy - rivals in Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st Congressional - are both at CR picket with Bernie Sanders. 
"Former host of ""The Daily Show"" John Stewart will be guest host of SummerSlam on Sunday; has feud with Seth Rollins" 
@user Similarity between #Mohandas Gandhi &amp; #Narendra Modi: Have you seen Dandi March video clips? Both r working through @ fast pace 
@user The new head honcho gives his thoughts in tomorrow's Argus. Business as usual is the gist. 
Avril Lavigne says after debuting spring line for Abbey Dawn she may make own ...  
when taylor joined Nicki I just sat there like..... 
Btw i may be a Seth Rollins mark but the reason I'm not dragging him into this is cause you'd be shocked by why you don't know about people 
"Leket Israel's 6th annual gala, ""Harvest for Hope"", is about to begin at Avenue Hall. 
Hoping I can somehow make the Volleyball game tomorrow #please 
I may be Miss Pennsylvania but she's Miss USA @ on yeet 
Chancellor Angela Merkel said Catalonia may have to reapply for EU membership if it seceded from Spain. #snp 
!!!!!!!STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON SPOILER!!!!!!!: Ice Cube melts in the sun 
I’m going to Romeo Santos at ESTADIO OLIMPICO in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic - Dec 15 
Surely Spurs are going to sign a striker before 6pm. Kane is currently the only viable option. Sun may deputise but is unknown 
Tuesday is cleaning day at SHOP! And you all thought us Indys were all snorting caviar off Roman Abramovich and that #mythbusting 
I have played through Mass Effect 3 16times and just started my 17th run only diffrence thia time is default femshep xD 
@user Not able to find out Moto G 3rd Gen 16 GB over Website ? Is it out of Stock or what ? Hope to hear back soon. 
@user You going to be at the Nov 15 showing of TIC at Vans? Robbie is hyping the night to the locals. Free session will be bananas. 
"The 20th anniversary PS4 controller looks really nice, but I barely play my PS4 so I don't want to waste any money. LOL" 
watched the mens 100m at the London Grand prix sure Michael Frater didnt have any underwear on he looked like his 3rd leg was hanging free 
@user Gagner has been in trade rumours since the beginning of the year. Can’t claim 1st on this one bud. 
@user Rahul Gandhi's Mumbai millions - Backops Limited and it's prestigious projects. 
"I added a video to a @user playlist Jim Rogers and Glenn Beck - What to Expect in the Near Future (June 9," 
Paul McCartney to play the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on October 21 
Sunday Reflection: Why the GOP should give Obama the higher taxes he wants: ... in favor of higher taxes -- for ... 
"Google reveals the $649 Nexus 6, pre-orders begin on October 29th  #Nexus #Google #Android" 
A survey question ahead of tomorrow's announcements: What's the right price for an 12.9-inch iPad w stylus and keyboard cover?? 
"First Charlie Hebdo, then, Friday the 13th. ISIS doesn't seem to understand. France is not afraid of you...and u cowards will end up dead." 
"Game News: Dark Souls 3 release date, pre-order editions detailed: Dark Souls 3 will launch in the UK on 12th ... 
Everton at Fulham: Q&A with Cottagers Confidential - Everton  travel to  Fulham  on Saturday, and we talked to  Kris... 
Lexus Is trying to text me about a math problem, idk what math is till Tuesday, don't text me with yo homework. 
The good news: Parks opening Sat. a.m., the bad news: the destruction 
Tennessee game Saturday with @user :) 
S/O to the people going back to school tomorrow and have to eat Michelle Obama's nutritious school lunches. #mmm 
The Apple launch event will be going live by sharp 8:00 PM in Saudi Arabia, on this day, that's Wednesday. 
ugggggggh I want to watch Hannibal finale but I am too tired. Perhaps when I get up tomorrow I will 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich sat down with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos and weighed in on a potential matchup with Democratic presidential 
I sat at a table next to #MarcAlmond yesterday. Took every ounce of restraint for me to not try to strike up a convo about Scott Walker 
Wait--there’s going to be an August: Osage County movie with Meryl Streep? Holy crap! 
Fans lined up for Black Friday $5 tickets at Maverik Center available to the first 500 fans lined up when the box... 
@user Niki Lauda did so, in Japan, in 1976.  That's the same Niki Lauda who said it was safe to race this Sunday." 
RT @user RT If you mentioned Green Day today. 
August 20 celebrity birthdays: Rolling Stone has named him the top rock and roll lead singer of all t... #Fashion 
@user even though tomorrow is Xbox1 and PS4 birthday for having minecraft it still should be fair to us because old gen was orginal. 
"New review tomorrow, this time I check out Ed Hunter, that's right the game based on Iron Maiden \,,/" 
Let me know which games u want me to stream? KZ Sf, COD Ghosts or AW, I am Bread, Minecraft, Devil may cry, DCUO, Warframe? #PlayStation 
This VMA drama is just trying to distract us from Sharknado 3 tomorrow 
@user on saturday at 10pm you can watch Sharknado 3 on the german free TV channel Tele 5 
NY man convicted Friday of plotting to kill Muslims with a WMD. Where is media? Now if he were Muslim... My article 
Manchester United want to sign Aston Villa duo Fabian Delph &amp; Ron Vlaar when the transfer window opens in January. 
#rawcl monday night run with seth rollins 
@user def not. She made a slight run in the 3rd but serena was up too much already 
@user What if SCOTUS says 2nd amendment arms don't mean guns and elected official disregards it? 
Nick Foles attended the same high school as Drew Brees and broke all his records. This Monday Foles will continue his dominance over Drew 
The West Bank may be looking to cut the Gaza Strip loose in its talks with Israel. Rumors are flying of an Israeli/West Bank State... 
Conor McGregor may be moving up to 155 and fight for the 155 UFC belt! Confirmed by Dana White !  What fight do... 
30 free tickets to watch Saigon Heat vs Singapore Slingers in Singapore,4pm Apr 29 for the first 30 fans email to Community@saigonheat.com 
Anyone want to play the AW S&amp;D Gfinity tourney tomorrow on PS4? 
"Thor, Yamalube/Star Racing Yamaha Agree to Deal: The team will debut with Thor MX November 7. 
Zumba Tonight at 5:30 PM at BALANCE Fitness.  370 Davenport Ave, 3rd floor New Haven CT.  See you there ladies.... 
Rt @user #Mariners drop Cactus League game to the #Whitesox 5-0. Return to Peoria tomorrow to face Colorado on @user ... 
Monsanto (MON), the world's biggest seed company hostile bid for rival Syngenta AG (SYT)! 
Either a Sheamus cash in tomorrow or Seth Rollins should give someone the U.S title #SummerSlam 
@user The 6th inning felt like the tipping point for the series. Cards can hit Kershaw but not Bumgardner. 
@user yeah, Imma be in vegas from 18th-23rd so I just want a dinner in dallas with friends" 
friday aug 17th we in NEW HAVEN CT,  for the KICK BACK 7... its a luau get your beach wear ready!... 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich signs up for the South Carolina GOP presidential primary on Feb. 20. 
The Accounting Career Fair is this Friday! Be sure to engage with us by using #kubusfair--you might win an iPad mini! 
"WLS Quick Look "" Caitlyn Jenner - 1st Public Reunion with Ex Wife #Selfie "" 
@user and you will be procrastinating to see Serena make history on sunday? 
Someone enlighten me does that have something to do with Harry Potter not quite sure 
"Frank Gifford discusses how ""Monday Night Football"" changed with Al Mich... via @user 
Its done! My brother just got married...we turnin up at jett lounge tonight and at grannys house tomorrow 
@user wins the fourth set 25-21 to take the match 3-1! Next match is Sunday against Georgetown at 2 p.m. at Gampel. 
Why did you keep Madonna 4th in that grossly inaccurate tweet #AskMusicNews_Facts 
Saturday Night Live Jeopardy skits with Will Ferrell > 
FTR, re: OSU/Texas...the last half of the 4th quarter of the Fiesta Bowl was, at the time, the greatest then worst game I’ve seen in person 
Kris Bryant is just too tall to play 3rd base 
Watching CBC news in Vancouver, awaiting the WSOP Circuit event tomorrow. What’s on the Canadian network? The US election - what else...? :) 
8th Day on a flight to university of Denver!! Check out who is in the seat near the band!! They call him Milton. 
Volunteer time! Remembrance Service invitation mail out will be here at the Christi Center on Thursday Nov 15th... 
Chillin tonight, gig with Rampage tomorrow night, have a RoKin weekend my tweet buddies. 
See what's going on in the world of ecommerce including Amazon Prime Day, eBay Q2 results and Apple Pay news 
michael jackson - hollywood tonight 
"#JonRonson is in the @user today, so I had to buy it, but 1st, I read about Go Set a Watchman and Daniel Kahneman and other stuff" 
Yoga teacher training free class and Q &amp;A will be held Sat 9/19 from 1-4pm. FREE event so come with all questions! #yoga #teacher #training 
A statement carnival cruise made about the Ebola scare. 
Camila talking about how Shawn and her are close friends + some other questions that are answered  
Today’s Al-ien #Nascar Person of the Day is Friday Hassler- died in a crash  1st Daytona 500 qualifying race in 72 
All i want tomorrow is for stoke to get rid of shotton and a few others, bring in a LB CAM and ST but knowing pulis- CB CB CB 
NASA captures giant UFO mothership near the sun. Is NASA hiding something? #UFO #NASA #mothership 
"Watching Wansapanataym with nephew, so grade schoool kids touch screen na rin mga cellphone? Noong elem ako cool na yun may mga beeper haha" 
John Kasich says if he were 'King of America' he'd ban teachers' lounges @user  May I suggest he wave goodbye to the White House? 
Last day to order your crew necks are tomorrow. Order being out in tomorrow at 2. Find Evan or Cole. 30 bucks. #TakeOver 
@user we are just preparing for #iOS5 when Steve Jobs has us tweet everything! I hope you enjoy your day today! See you tomorrow! 
#Thailand Parcels packed with ammunition and illicit drugs were Friday intercepted at Songkhla's Hat Yai Post Of... 
Dustin Johnson is -8 over the last 14 holes.  Oh for that quad on the 1st.... 
"If Dustin Johnson makes par at the 1st instead of quad, we have a ball game. He's still fun to watch" 
Ric Flair says he was rooting for John Cena #WWE #RAW - Results: 
George Osborne Set to Take UK Austerity Battle onto Golf Course: Properties that may end up on the block inclu... 
@user how do you envision the Super Eagles with Sunday as manager 
I’m going to Stephen Kellogg and The Sixers at Rex Theatre in Pittsburgh, PA - Oct 30 
@user We many not to get watch any NHL games, but we can watch Evgeni Malkin and Alex Ovechkin in the KHL!  
Canucks tickets went on sale August 17th for their training camp in Prince George. Who's going?... 
"We may look at the Protestant vs Catholic unrest as silly, but the same is happening now against Muslims. #Reign #BeOnTheRightSideOfHistory" 
Is anybody going to the Ed Sheeran concert in Houston this Thursday 
"SAVE THE DATE!  WHAT WOMEN WANT Saturday, May 12th / 7-10pm at Nikki Beach Miami with a Fantasy French Cabaret... 
Roma stun Juve as Chievo crush Lazio - Milan (AFP) - Juventus's early season woes continued on Sunday with a 2-1 d... 
"March to Madness: The GOP field grows to 16, so we've got a bracket for you: With Ohio Gov. John Kasich adding... 
I can see a masked Kane returning to cost Taker the match 
"DH News Danks, White Sox drop 2-0 decision to Mariners: The Chicago White Sox managed just 4 hits Friday night... 
First Friday after Ramadan is like reunion to Allah: To keep all the carelessness we done in the Eid days aside &amp; join HIM again strongly :) 
Directions for tomorrow’s Festival: World Music Festival runs from 1pm - 8pm on Richmond Riverside, just north of Richmond Bridge. 
@user I text you earlier re the XC relay’s on Sat, Andy needs to know if you are running 
@user A De La Soul song you may have heard! 
Hollywire tv wtf wednesday talking about zayn's twitter feud is quite relevant 
David Ruffin trending... I’m guessing The Temptations movie is on TV? They’re actually the reason I got into music in 5th grade :]. 
Jesus Sends Part 2 tomorrow as we finish Gospel of Matthew. Making disciples and not just Christians. C you @user at 9 or 10:46. 
"Louis might not be the father ""Briana's sex tape leaked""  ""Made in the a.m comes out Friday"" #ohnobriana 
@user go to sleep you have school tomorrow" 
Ask me after February 16...we'll see if Coke drops this collab with Kendrick   
It's Friday. Get hammered with Thor and the #Avengers Age of Ultron tonight for just 99p! 
Judge argues that since TN, per SCOTUS, can't determine what a marriage is, then it can't rule in contested divorces. 
Tomb Raider Box Art Revealed:  Square Enix released the final box art for Tomb Raider, due out March 5. The art ... 
October 27 1962: U2 aircraft strays over Siberia. USAF interceptors sent to protect armed with nuclear warheads #Cuba1962 
AHS still has me dreaming of clowns...it's Friday 
"Deadly Israeli strike, fire from Gaza mar truce: A deadly Israeli airstrike into the Gaza Strip and rocket and... 
"I got Reggie Wayne in the 4th, then worked it and got Miles Austin in the 5th @user 
Did you get a chance to go to Kendrick Lamar's concert in DC we did? #concertreview #tde #musicreview #blog 
@user u have to always check airline...Airasia just ended..next promo i think in december..when u plan to go? 
@user AVIS game...Dustin Johnson 13th hole. Misses green with approach, gets 3pt instead of -2 for missed GIR. #Correction" 
"I snuck up behind my brother and yelled JOHN CENA, scaring him. Then sat down and said, ""I guess you could say you didn't see me.""" 
@user @user For the 1st time growth rate of Christians, Sikhs, Jains &amp; other minorities went below10% as against prev decades" 
Apple Watch with expected price of Rs. 25000 coming to India in this October 
@user Are we on for Ant-Man on tues? I think you said something about your shifts getting moved? 
Reproductive Science Center of New England will be joining us this Saturday for our Annual Conference... will you? 
PolitiFact Sheet: 8 things to know about the Planned Parenthood controversy via @user 
who going to chris brown this thursday? 
"Sunday's telecast of Big Brother featuring @user was delayed 30 minutes, but @user has you covered: 
Anyone want Jason Aldean tickets for Friday? 
"I began my second season with Ferrari last night with a win in Australia, Alonso came 6th" 
As we head into this Wednesday I would like to tell you all - swag money Gucci fam (you're welcome) 
The final B-Lg draft pick game is tonight on MNF (ESPN).   @user (NYJ) vs @user (HOU).  Current leader is Ken with 27 pts. 
@user Some users are saying they're receiving software upgrade for Moto G 2nd Gen in some countries. What about devices in India? 
Brock Lesnar showed up on raw last Monday to brawl with undertaker. 
@user If it were an actual battle Naruto would murk luffy so far back six paths &gt;&gt; gear 4th 
"Change of plans for Saturday, going to UCLA @ Cal after all. Guess no GGF but not turning down free tickets, just gotta leave LA earlier" 
So he's every bullpen pitcher the Red Sox have ever had? 
@user Pehli baar sun raha houn MCQ nahi tha. .-. I totally forgot you just as you forgot me on Eid! D: How was Eid? 
Hear from the other candidates... Scott Walker tomorrow morning 
"'Boruto: Naruto the Movie' 8th, 10th Trailers Reveal Sasuke Having Nostalgia ... - Movie News Guide 
Meet and Greet with Congressman Rod Blum &amp; Governor Bobby Jindal: Bobby Jindal: Thursday, Septem... via @user 
@user do you guys know if Alli Simpson will be at Codys concert tomorrow? 
@user I would note that SARAH PALIN is happy to call it Denali ("the great one, soaring under the midnight sun") 
In this morning's Google hangout on Google+, John Mueller said at the 18:30 mark that Google may not give HTTPS... 
@user I have a home boy trying to sign up for the D League try outs June 17th...  His skills A1, Anyway to get him added? 
@user @user Ive just realized Minotaurs 1st Company consists of mostly Termies, Preds and Vindicators lol #ForgeWorldOnly 
"Busy day for Commons select committees, which are hearing from 4 Cabinet ministers: Amber Rudd, George Osborne, Theresa May &amp; Philip Hammond" 
Oracle CSO numbers, security hygiene and fixes at the same time 
@user @user - Not as far as Digi knows - would tell people if it was catching up with our High Performance Mgr tomorrow #redv 
@user Hi there. This is Arjhay in behalf of Ira. May I know the details of your concern for further assistance? 
Melky Cabrera homers in 7th to tie the game 4-4. White Sox still batting. 
But i wanna wear my Concords tomorrow though but i don’t feel like it 
"If that kid on the Catfish preview really met Miss Teen USA online, I'm signing up for tomorrow." 
Kanye shoulda toughed it out with Nike just a lil bit longer  
West Indies to pull out of India tour - 4th ODI in Dharamsala will be their last game of the series #BCCI #INDvsWI 
Breaking M&A news today: Canada’s Potash Corp. in talks with Israel’s Netanyahu on merger with Israel Chemicals. that may be worth +$13.5bln 
may not agree with Angela Merkel on a lot, the fact that the UK refuses to accept a fair share of EU refugees is conveniently missing from.. 
May I have the names of the singers on Miss USA? 
"Some of you may have heard of Promo Zo who has been doing mixes for Kane over the last couple of years, mostly... 
@user @user Funny! That pic,the red-hair girl &amp; back guy in my vid 1st in line.I shouted Israel  did 9/11 
Want to have the Happiest Baby on the Block?  Come to Whole Foods in Westport, CT Wednesday May 9th @ 7:30 and hear MaryAnne Farrell 
MICHELLE OBAMA Look- A-Like - "People always tell me I look like U.S.A 1st Lady Michelle Obama. I do not see the... 
#AmWriting 
The little baby on the beach should be on the front page of every paper tomorrow but it won't be will it? Be some shite about Big Brother 
Bases-loaded for Josh Hamilton with 2 outs. Already has a homer in this game. 2nd homer here? It's a full moon. Why not? 
Ever wonder what Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose do before they make their entrance? Well last Tuesday night New... 
@user  Chasing Madoff.. but the beginning credit sequence says it has an art director and the music implies Batman may show up. 
@user I never said it is. But the SCOTUS ruled that the 14th Amendment requires a state to license a marriage of same sex couples 
Annie hasn’t finished the high water marks but Ash Wed is under @user Bayford Oyster Co #sandy 
Apologies to anyone who may have been insulted by my Charles Darwin is an idiot tweet. I was just expressing my thoughts. 
Jump in your car now! Tomorrow is the last day for Star Wars Weekends! 
so it's mid august and still no sign of frank ocean's album 
"Hot Springs to Mt. Nebo last Sunday with wife driving a Ferrari? Not, my wifes Hyundai Veloster Cool Po Folks... 
Volleyball game next Friday, us vs the Staff.. 
"LMFAO Hulk Hogan really got fired on his day off.  On a Friday, man." 
Apple Releases 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display - Black Friday Magazine 
Im performing at the Houston Improv next Wednesday open mic 
@user Yeah but it'll be alive and well again tomorrow when Obama does something he doesn't like. 
flipkartsupport when will the Moto G (3rd gen) 16 GB model be available? 
@user @user that Hiroshima fella going well. So a few tipping Dustin Johnson for 1st round leader at 25/1 and see he is at it 
Its been a N.W.A and solo Ice Cube music kinda day...gonna watch Straight Outta Compton tomorrow. 
@user @user @user John Cena stuff is getting old very fast. this may have been the death knell. 
RNDM has a beef with Canada. Tonight in Montreal @user Tomorrow night Ottawa @user Commons Theatre 
@user @user @user ahhh so it's Hillary's 1st characteristic Steyn cited that must have attracted Bill 
HERE today, gone tomorrow- but still here! A short note on Nokia's patent deals with @user and @user  
Beyonce 33 &amp; Jay-z 45. im not even stressing nomore future bae probly in the 5th grade playing freeze tag 
@user @user are u guys gonna give away more tickets to meet Shawn tonight or is it gonna continue tomorrow 
China Telecom 1st Half Net Profit Falls 8.3% but Beats Expectations: China Telecom also said that it would acqui... 
"I think we all might have to accept that there may never be another Frank Ocean album.  I'm not going to accept it, but we all might have to" 
David Price looks to become the 13th pitcher in #BlueJays history to go 5-0 in a calendar month. 
FM Preview: West Ham United v Hull City 28 Apr 2012: FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as Wes... 
NYSports Rothstein Files: Five Observations From UConn: Monday was the first time I took in a practice at Gampel...  
"Miss last Friday's Soundboard, our radio partnership with @user and @user Podcast here:  
Gucci variety jivatma reception november boom the doublet yours specific sympathy wedding so as to industrial ... 
but she threatened to call the cops bc //she// dropped her ipad.... 1st why would you even take an ipad lmao 
"Watchman may have drowned on the job  On 16.07.15, at 9:11 p.m., police responded to a report of a watchman found... 
Jennifer Aniston & Drew Barrymore: Fill In The Blank!: At the 2012 LACMA Art + Film Gala on Sat... #Hollywood #news 
Leeds 1-1 Sheff Wed. Giuseppe Bellusci securing #LUFC a point after Chris Maguire has opened the scoring 
Petrolia art in the Park is tomorrow and Saturday!  We will be set up in front of Mercantile Co.  on Petrolia Line across from the park! 
Watch out for Nigeria @user GEJ pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via NTA. @user 
My team is looking of a 4th must have Skype and can play every day and be on PS4 @user @user @user 
"I bet you on Friday, Calibraska is going to be trending" 
Sam Smith you have high expectation tomorrow . I Just Left #FutureHive 
May we meet the next Ramadhan and Eid . In Shaa Allah. 
"Clark is drunk as a brick. I closed at 8 o'clock, then built a fire in the stove and sat up until 11:30 reading my brother Ira's old letters" 
There were clues the administration had a connection to the Rolling Stone rape hoax. This is pretty definitive 
.for one she really hasn't discussed her position.  She praised Muslims a few days after Sept 11th. @user @user 
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Prince George Career Open House: August 26th at 6 PM - #cibc 
"Huntzinger struggles in the 5th, gives up first 2 BBs of outing, strands both runners w/ fly out by #9 hitter, Sanchez. #SeaDogs down 1-0" 
@user lol it's the new reinvented redrawn 8th intro to Hillary! She's nice now! 
Info *Distance Of the Sun frm Earth 149,597,900 km & The Moon frm Earth is 384,400 km. Follow @user FOLLOW  @user 
"Manchester United say it is Real Madrid's fault, not theirs, that David de Gea's return to Spain collapsed on Monday. @user 
"Can the Blue Jays Afford to Extend David Price?: It may seem crazy, here in the thick of a pennant race, to di... 
Going to my first game at Fenway on Tuesday... Why not a Red Sox hat with Bs colors? 
@user @user See you guys there. Flying from Chicago tomorrow. I'll be in Ole Miss shirt &amp; daughter in dress. Easy to spot. 
"Express Front Line with Kamran Shahid """"International Day of #Women"""" 05 March 2012 #Pakistan #MQM #WomenPK" 
Avril is still working on her 5th album. She’s in the studio with from The Black Eyed Peas. 
Welcome to Kevin Oduah's Blog : Is Mariah Carey pregnant with James Packer's child... 
"Top story: The sun sets in the town of Interlaken. #2012atws #expediaatatws #photos see more 
@user and then y u didn't prepare urself for Eid 2nd day..... 
"Attempting to read ""Paper Towns"" in one sitting so I can watch it's final showing tomorrow at Macquarie Shopping Centre." 
The Original Reason 420 will be playing a 1 show 1 night only For the Curtis family this Saturday night @ 4618... 
"Floyd Mayweather ranks Ali as just the 5th best fighter of all time. Of course, he ranks himself as No. 1. #Delusional" 
"unnecessarily censored the end of a Hulk Hogan promo and much much more. Monday, at 9:05 EST. Don't miss it. (2/2)" 
Straight up tho if you ain't heard this then get on it Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt on #SoundCloud 
@user I'd suggest all these people get along to the Orlando Stadium on Sunday. See Africa. It's where we live. 
@user You called it. The first 15 minutes of the 2nd half in any Milan and Verona game is crucial and is again! 
@user oh I know. That Sunday vs the Red Sox made me feel unnatural things 
"Sharknado may have had David Hasselhoff on the moon, but it didn't have Steve Guttenberg as Iron Man. #Lavalantula" 
you never know when a Tom Brady comes back around  
@user Mr. Scoggins, will you be down in Knoxville next Saturday? If so, you should stop by and say hi. 
"Kanye West announces run for president at VMAs, Twitter responds: Sunday evening, Kanye West took the VMA stag... 
"RT @user Heading out today with @user Tour to Tupelo, Mississippi to visit birthplace of Elvis Presley!" 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has revealed that captain of the team, Vincent Enyeama, asked to... #badotweet" 
News Alarm: Michael Morse (LF - SF) Michael Morse went 1-for-1 with a home run and an RBI during Game 5 of the NLCS on Thursday. 
@user I'm short and was wearing jeans and a grey nirvana shirt lol. But I saw you with Taylor before 7th 
Heavy Cream were my Oxen of the Sun, JEFFBro my Circe, the PATCO line my Eumaeus. Now, at the appointed hour, I’ve returned to Ithaca. 
@user true. First is valid (I have 3). 2nd is misguided. More likely to have it taken & used against you, or used ala Trayvon Martin 
i remember when i was at cadet camp once(aye,wat u sayin) and we were watching a video and kasabian came on and i just sat singing 
"on February 13th. """"Desperation Day"""" A magical night, when a ten has the self-esteem of a four and the depraved enthusiasm of a two. :bd" 
Poor Dustin Johnson! This is going to be special. C'mon Rose #PGAChampionship 
Eid wishes ever where but no wish for 1st working day after eid.. A blessed day Alhamdulilah :-) 
Good news: Snow reported in the Cascades!  Bad news: It is in Washington state - 
People forget that Tate is the only person to take Rousey past the 1st round 
"I'm going to Armin van Buuren at Tinker Field - EDC Orlando in Orlando, FL - Nov 10 
"Ryan Braun reaches on a infield single, Jean Segura scores the #Cubs &amp; Brewers are tied @ 1 in the Top of the 3rd" 
@user Chris Tucker and Ice Cube need to make another Friday 
Tomorrow shift is at 11:30 AM to 08:30 PM . After work , i’m going to H&M for awhile . And , is it still open ? 
Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto on September 12th...I hope it's better than the Pacquiao fight 
"Kendrick's Black Friday on replay, gonna be that kind of day." 
@user @user @user hell yea. I was really feelin kendrick and coles black friday shit too. I can wait for the album 
Both teams have been on offensive tears since the break.  Boston leads MLB with 193 R in the second half.  The White Sox are 4th with 180 R. 
Dahil may Adidas Sam Smith na... Sino na susunod? Bruno mars? Justin bieber? Lololol..gusto ko nun and i know im not the only one! 
@user Who you going for this sunday at Summerslam? Undertaker or Brock Lesnar? 
Sources from Erdogan's office said he would meet Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu at 11 am (0800 GMT) on Tuesday. 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Governors Chris Christie and John Kasich on Tuesday grabbed the last spots on stage next to front-r... 
I’m ready to be done with this SAT crap so I can go back to my Grey’s anatomy marathons with @user 
JPMorgan Chase posts Q3 profit of US$5.57b: NEW YORK: JPMorgan Chase said on Tuesday (Oct 14) it returned to p... 
Everton FC transfer rumours: Blues to make January move for Arsenal man, Moyes' Premier League.. 
PBR & @user bring you Jim White at the @user Lounge on October 23rd at 7 pm! 
@user Watchman was the 1st draft of Mockingbird, which was then changed beyond recognition. @user 
lol cause we went to the zoo today & saw lions and tigers and all lat 
@user Hello, do you know what time roughly the demo will be available to download tomorrow on PS4?" 
Anybody asking what law #KimDavis broke needs to sit in on a 5th grade social studies class and learn the role of SCOTUS. 
Bernie Sanders event Saturday @ 12 noon, Huntington Bch CA at the pier (Main St.) Please JOIN US, or if not, RETWEET 
"Monday's recap: Cubs 2, Indians 1: Kris Bryant's home run with two out in the ninth gave the Cubs a 2-1 victor... 
Miami going into MSG tomorrow night and gonna embarrass the Knicks 
I just became the mayor of Sun Cellular - SM Sta. Mesa on @user 
Alright nicky Fwd: From: 4028890972 Sent: Nov 1 10:28pm Message: Idc what he says. 
Today match against ACH Ljubljana, 2nd game in the Champions League! 
John Henson may have left UNC but he hasn't stopped posterizing dookies 
This will be the Reds' third doubleheader of the season. They split the last two -- May 9 at the White Sox and July 22 vs. the Cubs. 
This is last year when Roger Sanchez took over SET Nightclub... this saturday he invades Space Miami! 
@user that the date was November 30th. Aka the day where the Patriots kill the Packers 
"Mehdi Hasan thinks EVEN left wingers offend Muslims now but it may be left wingers MORE not even 
Dustin Johnson lines up a putt on the 18th green #PGAChampionship @user  
All the Stone Brewing verticals will be featured on tap tomorrow at @user 
Photo: Oct 28, 2012 EunHae @ ICN to Nanjing Looks like the fish was feeling possessive >_> 
David Wright went 0-for-4 with an RBI in 6 innings at 3B tonight. This was likely his final rehab game before joining the Mets on Monday. 
May 26th. @user Save the date. We are going to Soundset. #noexcuses 
I just watching Sharknado 3 AND Piranha DD. How's your Saturday night going? 
"The story of the time Frank Gifford was an anonymous guest on our show, Monday morning on @user 
@user we goin to fairground tomorrow I’m picking you up from work 
Rational ground promoting ibm machine accessories april prevail decent the minutiae i myself fancy now circular!: twhYb 
@user Syco/Columbia have OT5 signed for 5 albums and a greatest hits. That means Zayn has to work on the 5th album or else he breaks+ 
"When I say EXO is""GAY""New EXO stans are like,""NOOOO!"" Haha.The term may not be accepted by some new fans,but an old fan knows it very well!" 
Bloemfontein Celtic and Orlando Pirates will contest the last spot in the Semi-finals when they meet on Sunday 04... 
Lmao @ Simmons putting out the Bill and Jalen previews at 12:01 am tomorrow 
@user we have a request to play Girls Gone Wild at the party tomorrow! 
"Two more runs get cashed in the 8th by the White Sox, 7-5 ball game with runners at the corner and two outs." 
"Okay, we all know that the Royals an Giants are going at it next Tuesday 6:30 central time......but look who hit... 
@user update me on Shores when u get the chance. BTW- I finished 5th in Japan open weight. 
(Droid-Life) Additional Confirmation that the DROID Bionic will be Here September 8 
Camp Notebook Day 10: The Raiders took the field for their 10th practice of training camp and started to prepare for... 
Kris Bryant is 3rd in the league.....in strikeouts #Leader #phenom #NextPujols #Rookie of Year #MVP #loser 
Jennifer Lawrence is Scheming a Fashion-Related Prank with Amy Schumer for Awards Season: Lawrence may have al... 
"12 yrs old and ""gay""...the new American heroes 
Android 4.2 Camera app with Photo Sphere now available for Galaxy Nexus: Introduced on Monday, Android 4.2 bring... 
"I hope you never experience those type of Christians. For me, in God I am strong enough, I can deal with it, may be you wouldn't be able to." 
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman wrote in a Monday column that although he believes Donald Trump's positions... 
May or may not be watching FX right now. Might be a movie about just over 25 things 
Atletico Madrid keeping tabs on Petr Cech and are weighing up a January bid for the Chelsea goalkeeper. 
Kurt Cobain Solo Album + Comedy Sketch To Drop in November with #endless-scroll #KurtCobain #MusicNews 
Super Eagles play Tanzania today.   Most Nigerians are just waiting for them to lose so they lambast Sunday oliseh and the whole of NFF. 
@user but then I have to leave the house early to get dunkin and I've already accepted the fact that I'm going to be late tomorrow 
It’s like Groundhog Day. 2nd day here. (@ Chirping Chicken) 
@user may as well just have a Nokia brick 
"Running class tomorrow at 8.00am and 9.30am, Hype park, get faster with The Transformers." 
Presidents Day Tomorrow.  Come on down, there might even be cricket to watch before the festivities. 
lmao so anong pake mo kung may gf si louis at the same time magkakaanak siya with briana? Wala ka namang karapatan bc you are just a fan :) 
@user @user what about Holland?! ’Countdown to UFC 153: Silva vs. Bonnar’ debuts Tuesday on FUEL TV 
"Bad Blood is Taylor's 4th Hot100 No.1 after ""We Are Never Getting Back Together"" ""Shake it Off"" and ""Blank Space"" 
Joe Biden: Here's my thinking on the 2016 race C'mon Joe! Run! We need the laughs. 
just found my Iditarod powerpoint on a disc from like 7th grade........... 
"With Shawn's death anniversary on the 21st, marking 3 yrs without him, well, my heart and crystal feel heavy. I know if he were still here.." 
"""The last thing Dr. King ever said to me before he went down to Memphis: ’Harry, we may be integrating into a burning house."" ~H. Belafonte" 
Romeo Santos gonna have something in the theatres November 5 .. 
Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande will meet on Monday in Berlin to discuss the current migranT crisis solution to it 
Now the pressure has began.....! Welcome to Super Eagles Sunday Oliseh 
Like i know Taylor Swift is touring and she is quality but surely @user can give 'Bad Blood' a rest. 4th time it's been on today 
Idc im still gettin payback...a week it is..startin tomorrow 
@user you got that from his website. My brothers mate at school once said his 2nd cousin was Michael Jackson. A similar tale to this... 
"RT @user ""you ever go night night Nigga? EVERYBODY go night night !"" - Kevin hart" 
Seth Rollins coming out here looking like the unmasked 6th Power Ranger. #SummerSlam 
Kingsley Coman will have played for PSG, Juventus and Bayern by the time he is 20 but may not have made his international debut. Some feat. 
I've woke up everyday since August 1st to google frank ocean for news. Everyday I don't have his new album is a day not worth waking up for 
@user what time is the service tomorrow beichi? At the COG near SMB 
@user """"@BookItGabe: ATTN: WRESTLERS- Still time to join this Sunday’s Seminar/Tryout. Here’s the info: 
@user Would you trade Calvin, CJ and Murray for Griffin, McCoy and Lloyd in a keeper PPR league? Also have Harvin but 2nd RB lacking 
@user Note about Rodgers having 0 comebacks after trailing by 9+ in 2nd half, Flynn had 2 wins &amp; a tie last yr w/ GB in same sit" 
"RT @user Real Madrid have signed a seven-year-old Argentine boy, a spokesman for the club confirmed on Monday ..." 
Michelle Obama's waiting in the Master Bedroom Chelsea Clinton's waiting in the Lincoln Bedroom WHICH ROOM 1st @user @user 
#bhramabull Kesha's Camp Speaks Out on Dr. Luke Abuse Allegations: Following the news Tuesday of K... #bhramabull 
"Baylor Coach Art Briles: ""Shawn, you're suspended for Friday's game.""  Shawn Oakman:   Art Briles: ""uh just kidding."" 
@user @user ""I didn't go round slagging off Tony Blair"" - KL but he did with Gordon Brown: 
Football game tomorrow and the meet and greet with Dom Kennedy and Nipsey Hussle #TURNUP 
Hey folks you will find me doing some Kahuna mini Bodywork sessions  &amp; a 30 min Yoga sesh here on Saturday 19th -... 
"Fresno , 'Off the Map' on the schedule in January; 'Terra Nova' adds 'Whole Truth' star Zap2It N. . . 
You are going to go with me and Maddie to see Breaking Dawn Part II Friday the 16th at midnight (: #okaaaay! 
Who wants to go on a date with me to the Ed sheeran concert on Thursday? .......no one? Alright lol 
@user Yeah. I'll just read ssomethhin else. PS the Book Depository will notify me when they have Quicksilver *wants* Nov. 1st T_T 
@user will u guys be giving out tickets for the Nike flyknit racer 2.0 that's coming out on Friday 9/11/2015? 
@user will u Exchange Samsung S Duo's with Moto G (3rd Gen)." 
Jonghyun just TWEETED ^^ on 9.39 PM ^^ 26 OCT ^^ 
If you’re looking for the GS3 off contract, it hits MetroPCS next Monday - by @user 
@user @user where would he play? James and Isco will be back up wingers, he's 3rd choice back up" 
A Leonard Cohen and Jeff Buckley album just in time for black friday? #buymethat 
"Even the new Moto G has a 5"" screen, which is already bigger than I prefer. I may end up there, though. 
Jennifer Aniston & Drew Barrymore: Fill In The Blank!: At the 2012 LACMA Art + Film Gala on Saturday, Jennifer A... 
US President wannabe Rick Santorum won the Louisiana primary on Saturday   - Breaking News Buzz 
The 2nd half of the opening round Big 12 Soccer Championship Game between WVU and TCU is underway. 45 minutes to go for WVU to score a goal 
@user so my Dean Ambrose stuff left Ohio at 5:25am so it should be here Monday or Tuesday cause I live in Michigan 
"Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 24: CSOC shares have traded as high as $.18 over the pas... 
Orono is the FRIDAY MOVE 
If One of the  jacks follow me today...Tomorrow I will go outside blasting CALIBRASKA anywhere I go #CalibraskaEP 
Here Comes the Sun - A Jornada Espiritual e Musical de George Harrison [AGENDA] 
[Update] Oct 30th: World Date with SHINee  Key and Jonghyun mentioned in one of cast member's tweet... 
@user January 13. Save the date. Get the Jargaritas in. It’s a Golden Globe party. I need to make a drinking game! 
Who do you think is going to win the game on Saturday night? The Cubs or the Foo Fighters? 
I had a dream last night Frank Ocean said November. Maybe this is it. #CampFlogGnaw 
"Del Mar Fairgrounds : The 22nd DAA announces """"Game On!"""" Theme for the 2013 San Diego County Fair 
My mon said that She uses Kpop for her soft feet.. she doesn't know what/who they are #DirectionersFuneral 
David Wright 3-4 with a run scored for St. Lucie tonight. They are trailing 3-2 in the 8th inning. 
Arsenal have once again been linked with a January move for Juventus forward, Simone Zaza. #Juve #AFC #Arsenal 
Game 1 of the NLCS and a rematch of the NFC Championship game tomorrow. SF’s gonna be cuuuuhraaaaaaaazeeeee 
BLACK FRIDAY Huge Saving Aerial View of a City, Paris Las Vegas, the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas,... 
"Join us for the last KIDstuff show of 2012, next Sunday, Nov 4 at 12:30 pm in the Smith Center. Get a sneak peek... 
Anybody want Carrie underwood tickets for Saturday night in Charlotte?? 
8 Sep 1945: Pigpen born Ron McKernan, San Bruno, California.  The founding keyboardist of the Grateful Dead was... 
I have to catch up on the Vampire Diaries, Chelsea Lately and The X Factor (both episodes) tomorrow! 
[3243] We just unlocked Motorola MB200 from Nigeria MTN network. Unlock Your Cell Phone today at 
"Since someone offered, it looks like I'm going to Foo Fighters at Wrigley tomorrow!" 
Is T-ara done promoting or are they going to be in Inkigayo tomorrow? >.< 
"Got a couple of tickets for Foo Fighters tomorrow - selling at face value, give me a shout if you want them" 
Michelle Obama complains about not being paid, Watch Laura Bush set her straight - Mooch! 
@user oh the 5th one in the back is John cena for sure 
@user the new Iron Maiden comes out Friday..... 
Is it me or WWE Monday Night Raw always starts with Seth Rollins? 
@user @user no its i am getting late friday is just like Eid for true muslims 
"Floyd Mayweather may be planning to use Andre Berto as 'tune-up' for a rematch with Manny Pacquiao, says new... 
@user hi digi, may i know what are the difference for 0 contract and 12 months contract for  plan only? 
It's official: Ronda Rousey will get immediate rematch with Holy Holm: UFC boss Dana White said Thursday that ... 
Divas!  Movie night is tomorrow!  Meet at Fazoli's at 5:30pm for dinner.  We will walk over to AMC for the 7:05pm showing of Paper Towns! 
"Yes, it is us: """" Black Triangle Sighting in Plainfield, Illinois on January 4th 2000 - Large triangle ... """" #aliens" 
Did not participate in National Hot Dog Day today... I celebrate my personal favorite national food day next Wednesday... look it up. 
Coming up in the 4pm (Eastern) hour, another chance for you to win tickets to tomorrow night’s Hudson Family... 
119 unread emails to go! If everyone can just agree to not email me today, I could have these read by the time I fly to Tallahassee tomorrow 
I woke up to see the sun shining all around me... Yoko Kanno on Pandora  #pandora 
Bryce Harper just threw out Ryan Braun at 2nd base from the track in right. Played ball off wall perfectly then used that 80 arm to get him. 
Registration for Youth Soccer has been extended to July 29th. If you haven't registered and are still interested... 
Fiorina Urges Republicans to Face Reality on Iran Deal: White House hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday it's tim... 
Which pose would you like to choose?  Tuesday 4:00-6:00p.m. Yoga classes at Ferdowskids. 
Andre Johnson did not practice today for the #Texans. Arian Foster limited. Brian Cushing out. All expected to play Thursday. 
It's our undergraduate open day tomorrow! Come and see everything DMU and the Faculty of Tech have to offer. More info: 
@user I have snuck into the Sunday night VIP party at ACL.. Got to meet Dave Grohl and party open bar style 
@user Just heard Porcupine Tree ""Lightbulb Sun"" into David Bowie ""Sound & Vision"" on @user & thought you’d like that mix" 
Harper upset with fans   When @user runs out every routine grounder to 2nd then he can complain about the fans 
Just watched Rousey's enterance from Saturday again she blinked once while on cam. Didn't blink at all once she saw Bethe....scary focus 
Milan wanted Witsel - Galliani: The club's CEO has revealed he tried to sign the midfielder right up until the end of Monday's transf... 
Michelle's supposed to be picking me up for moes Monday and I call to see where she is and she said she stopped at dunkin for a donut 
WKU holding MTSU on first 2 downs for no gain...3rd and goal from the 5 now 
We should set all the little Albanian Tony Blair's on Corbyn 
Here's the coverage map for ABC-TV's telecast of Saturday's ISU game against Oklahoma which kicks off at 11 am CT. 
@user @user NOT Paris right now - that is the Charlie Hebdo support march. Martial Law in Paris - no on on the streets 
I'm going to a Red Sox game tomorrow. I'm going to try to not get injured. 
Blue Jays give David Price 12 runs for his birthday: Toronto scored 10-plus runs for the 20th time this season... 
What teams do you think may get transferred/moved in the future?   I can only see the Sacramento Kings, Phoenix... 
@user Nicki was trying to or the producers told her to discredit Mariah there and Mariah sat her bc she's still more successful 
gonna make a mariah carey cover tomorrow 
"https://t.co/xl2gdF5Mse Diversification is a good thing, but buying gold bullion to put in your IRA may be taking it too far..." 
I think the girl that looks like Amy Schumer may go home tonight.  #thevoice 
"Allah may forgive your sin, however if you're proud of if it &amp; try to make a part of islam that's a dangerous thing to do...#Think" 
@user Amazon released it on Friday. It doesn't have in game music though. Is it suppose to? 
Kanye West may be a lot of things. But lazy and unintelligent aren't in that category. He knows what he's doing. 
"Which Affiliation is gonna be the 1st to get ahold of and kill Suge in prison... the Bloods, Crips, SA's, Aryans, Muslims, or the CO's?" 
"'WWE Raw': Undertaker and Brock Lesnar Brawl for It All: Sunday night at Battleground, the Undertaker cut down... 
@user gucci fck around get freed to perform 15th and the 1st 
New York Knicks vs. Brooklyn Nets Season Opener Rescheduled for November 26: The game between the New York Knick... 
People talking about Kanye West last night are only talking about him running for president and the fact that he may have smoked beforehand 
@user @user I was confused as well. I guess it’s always Saturday Night at the Ritz Carlton. Oooh lala. 
@user Hello, is it possible there will be a ticket drop for U2 in Stockholm September 17? #U2 #U2ieTour" 
@user everyone, the Eiffel Tower didn't go dark because of the recent attacks. That picture is from January after the Charlie Hebdo attack" 
What's this? - you may ask. It's a fan project for Niall's birthday!  Want to get noticed by Niall? Make a video! 
"Mason's 1st, ball going away from goal and Mason has to use his left. Kane's 2nd chance had to pick through 3/4 bodies. Toby's header..." 
Stoke will make a January move for Blackburn’s Martin Olsson and Newcastle are fighting Napoli and Roma for Rive... 
"Understated:  The fact that George Harrison woke up early enough to 2 see a sunrise just to write freakin ""Here Comes The Sun""" 
"HQ photos of Niall in the Us Open today 04/September, in the city of New York, United States. 
SkillsUSA Graphic Arts members spent time volunteering at the Horn of Plenty Fall Food Drive on Sunday afternoon! 
@user Hello! I want to pass along this post/video on yoga for runners: Your followers may find it helpful! 
hope I actually take it steady tomorrow night n don't end up falling out of twilight rocking up home at 6am 
Saw that Dustin Johnson had the long drive Friday @user just a little over 400 yds at 406. Go after that Bubba! 
I expect to see Danny Care, James Haskell involved in the 2nd test. 
@user @user boom. Take that Austin. Randi are you wearing your pink shirt tomorrow or dressing for America day? 
Free hugging day?tapos may Free Kissing Day? o.O  kailan na ang MalanDay? @user @user 
2 Democrats in Wisconsin state senate up for recall election next Tuesday.  Hopefully the discouragement of Waukesha doesn't prevail. 
30 years ago today: Dave Stieb takes no-hitter into 9th. White Sox start 9th with back-to-back-to-back HR (first 2 off Stieb). Jays win 6-3 
Do #mets walk Harper if rendon gets bunt down?  Is Matt Williams under the weather? Pap in 8th facing bottom of order? Left storen out 2 dry 
@user @user the families need to challenge SF and IRA over their actions that day 
I'm going to protest that lame Donald Trump on the 15th...so stoked. 
I may or may not be in love with Carrie underwood 
Mumford & Sons tickets for the extra London O2 Arena show on Dec 18th are onsale now. #mumfords 
Our Tuesday TV pick is the grand finale of @user Styled To Rock - and they've got a RiRi challenge! 
Uniting until yours postexistence bandeau it may be take effect actuary out the ipad onwards from desktop verge... 
IT's and i Return from Milan now page tomorrow restart at 8 am with the resul o all sunday and this night 
It's the 2nd half between #TanzaniavNigeria...#AFCONQUALIFIER2017...not easy for the Super Eagles... 
I wonder how the 1st day of school is going to be at Berkmar ,Lmao 
David Price taking to the mound for the #BlueJays tonight. Since August 3 he's been reliable as expected &amp; then some 
@user 'Well, anyone else than Thor if he hardly around. I mean you may have some friends.' He raises a brow." 
"Quiet Sunday. Had a nap, so hopefully I can wake up in time for the show at 4pm. Going to play this bloke, David Bowie. Heard of him?" 
"I exist in a twilight where the sun never rises nor sets, and the land is never overcome by light nor shadow." 
"Listened to ""No Vaseline"" by Ice Cube for the 1st time in years today. It made me realize how wack the Drake vs Meek Mill ""beef"" was." 
"I don't fuck with Kendrick like that at all, but he slayed this: 
I think Bobby Jindal will surprise a lot of people at the early debate on Thursday. He isn't getting any attention. #tcot 
Wrong. The original iPod unveiling when Stevo pulled it out of his pocket at the end is my favourite.  
@user I'm watching the first half until Big Brother. It's like the 8th string players at this point. 
@user You baaad mutha shut yo mouth, just heard the interview for your memoirs @user Sunday. You're like an Oracle, a shinning Star. 
"Okay, maybe no Halo Legendary solo tomorrow. Might just continue Dark Souls. I want to get all the Skulls and Intel before I do that." 
You knw wat I'm Waf with Morris hall boys on twitter though they all go cause they 2nd floor team u feel me 
"For all you that know me! Hearing about Dark Souls 3 may be getting a pair of collector's editions, kind of makes... 
"By James Oliphant DES MOINES, Iowa, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Sinking in the polls here, Scott Walker started on Monday to sound very much like" 
Rick Perry &amp; Bobby Jindal, for all their trying, couldn't even make the 1st debate over Ben "You can catch homosexuality in prison" Carson. 
@user r yall going to be in dallas friday & saturday? 
And ASU tackles Murray short of the 1st down for the first time 
"Yesterday I understood the true meaning of """"Pancake Day"""" #february" 
Madison Bumgarner strikes out Kris Bryant swinging as the #Cubs go down in order in the Top of the 3rd 
I guess I’m goin to the marana game on Friday with @user 
Oct 9 1888 The Washington Monument officially opened to the general public. Have you been to visit? 
@user I watched Cowboys totally manhandle Seahawks Sunday. Score was way, way closer than the game on the field. #CowboysRforReal" 
RT if you think that John Cena is going to win at Summerslam this Sunday 
When I went to the Justin bieber concert when I was in 6th grade floor tickets were $55 now they're like $500+ 
@user I encountered a problem with my Real Madrid jersey and was wondering if you may help. 
Kalispell mail processing center to close by March: KALISPELL -- The U.S. Postal Service has announced it will c... 
Coverstory on the Italian Guitar Club magazine. Grazie Mille ragazzi! Pick up a copy &amp; see u in Milan on Oct 8! #GusG 
With Spurs not signing a striker and Kane about to get injured on Saturday palace have an even better chance of making Europe this season 
"RT @user Conrad Murray hearing going on today, prosecution trying to block some witnesses." 
I've sat in the same spot for three hours watching meeting shawn experiences on youtube... 
Tight race in the Fans Choice Player of the Week w/ Wesleyan and Brookwood players. Last chance to vote: 
"Maniaci on Casimir Pulaski Day (March 1, 04): """"Some people call it a holiday."""" Judge: """"I call it a holiday.""""Courtroom laughs#DrewPeterson" 
My July 18 Buy recommendation for HF with a TP of KES20 
MVC weekly release with playoff scenarios. UCA can finish no higher than 5th and no lower than 6th: 
Good to see a chicken hawk like Scott Walker can rattle the sabres when he never risked anything  
Found this after hearing of the loss of Frank Gifford - What a perfect vision of him?  Sending prayers up for family 
@user I may or may not buy you a Halo 4 Ost when I get my paycheck. 
@user I know! We went to dinner and Brett made sure he got his Thursday #Hammersticks chicken fingers though! 
"Can you update Diva renders? The Bellas have 2013 ones, c'mon now. If y'all can remove Hulk Hogan, you could distract us with that. @user 
While Im at it Kembreys Bernie is abseiling off Jurys Inn on Sunday for @user call in to the office to hear all about it!  155ft! 
Saw a sign at my local Dunkin about pumpkin coffee being available tomorrow. With this 90 degree weather I don't think I'm ready for that. 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes psyche nerve december hypertrophy the bipartite thine semantic entryway fannin... 
@user @user the homeland security.con team rely on itThe biggest bomb  IRA campaign was set off in Dublin by Mi6 it was also 1st 
@user @user I think not working closely with @user will hurt the brand, the beta has people buying &amp; intending on buying PS4's for Nov" 
A little bit of Toolroom TV to get you in the mood for Sat Night....  FILTHY RICH IN THE HOUSE @user  
Who’s next then? The Togo team of Emmanuel Adebayor (TOT), that’s who. 1-1 away from 1st leg. 0-0 after 30 mins of the 2nd. 
I feel Serena let Venus win the 2nd set 
"Ole' girl at Dunkin just said ""see you tomorrow.""" 
Justin Bieber performs 'What Do You Mean' w/ Dan Kanter on the ZM Online radio station in New Zealand October 2 2015 
I am picturing Saturday Night Fever with John Travolta and the Bee Gees' #StayingAlive @user 
"[INFO] TaeTiSeo will perform on """"Love In Asia"""" tomorrow (11/02) at 02:30PM (KST), KBS will broadcast the concert on 13 November at 07:30PM" 
tonight is Tanked Tuesday Get completely shitfaced & play battleshots & beer pong while listening to Biggie Smalls it's a vacation tradition 
'Frank Gifford' appeared on Monday 10 at the 19th place in the Top20 of Edmonton's Trends: #trndnl 
Lazy Sunday Ralph McQuarrie #top100femalelies Paul Pierce Melo Lamar Odom got sent to the D-Leaguehttp://budurl.com/MM2B 
i only have three books left and i'll go back to milan on the ninth of september they aren't going to last enough 
I would go and see Jurassic World in the cinema tomorrow as it's the last time they are showing it, but my friends don't like it 
"HeymanHustle,when Brock Lesnar &amp; the Undertaker appear on RAW next Monday,there may b a brawl between them anew. Rn't u worried about it?" 
I keep hearing from people who don't support Bernie Sanders that they do so because he is a Socialist.   This may... 
"Thor said Thursday during press conf that he had tricks up his sleeve for tonight. It was the Warthen slider, he relied on it heavily 3 IP+" 
@user @user Sitting Sat. Wasn't going to be there in time to stand, as travel arrangements were already made b4 NIA announced" 
@user I never thought you and Hulk Hogan would be the topic of Friday night drinks with friends. #ColinCowherd 
"Orioles-Blue Jays Preview: The Baltimore Orioles face David Price on Saturday, and the Toronto Blue Jays are i... 
"This is the same sentence of January events ( Attack of Charlie Hebdo ) :"" I'am Charlie/Je suis Charlie""  
The word "connotes" will be one of the most searched for words on Google tomorrow. #lateshow 
@user for hometown on Saturday what tube stop is GAY bar near? And what time can we arrive at the club? 
Last Monday on raw Seth Rollins he was talking about John cena nose  #SmackDown 
Juventus has lost the first two matches of the Serie A season. Perspective: they picked up their second loss of last season on April 11 
"Hulk Hogan Polling 2nd Place in Republican Primary: Hulk Hogan may have lost his job at the WWE, bu... #Fukushima" 
@user surprised Conor McGregor isn't togging out for Dublin tomorrow. Get away with more in croker, then in the octagon 
"Sunday: Tri Aerobics, Power Abs &amp; Yoga in the AM, then Zumba, Intermediate Pilates &amp; Beginners' Pilates in the PM. 
I don't think Nunes wins in a match up versus Rousey but it's an intriguing match up for sure. 
#LazyWeb Should I get up early and avoid giants fans on Caltrain or just work from home tomorrow? 
@user where are you playing ? I'm just leaving the uk for Helsinki. For my opening at kiasma tomorrow night. 
The Imperial March or the Jurassic Park theme? Which is better? 
@user @user @user justin bieber may have had the better album but talent wise his got nothing on Chris. 
@user Wait what? I’m already confused :p If you’re gonna be in Muscat in May, we’ll probably meet up then! 
"Come to @user tonight and go hard with me for Tuesday Doomsday with @user Gucci, and @user 
Even the SCOTUS says the 2nd A can and should be restricted, David!  
"Lady Gaga with Brian May, Elton John, KISS, Paul McCartney, The Rolling Stones, Sting, U2, Bruce Springsteen &amp; more! 
#News: The MTV VMAs are tomorrow. Enjoy this look back at the 1992 awards with Nirvana performing ... #KeepGrunge 
"Long Beach State may be in good shape for the NCAA Tournament, but they'd miss the Big West Tournament if the season ended today." 
Luis Enrique looks set for a defeat if he calls Messi and Mascherano for training straight on Friday Just one day before the game 
"Back in 9th grade, I told people how my favorite song was Nirvana by Sam. People said ""never heard of the song and the guy must not be good""" 
Let's count how many people are going to be wearing a shirt from the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow 
This lady bought 4 bottles of wine on Monday ... It’s only Thursday and she’s down to one .... #thirstythirsday #alcoholic 
Paul Heyman you  Sip  form  jail till Brock Lesnar attacking The undertaker   authority on this Wednesday 22  f 11 
How does this happen? All my exes are mental   Billie Piper cheers on ex husband Chris Evans from the TFI audience  
@user are you going to The Pack AD tomorrow in Edmonton? 
Have you saved up enough money to buy WaKe Up World Tour tickets? and see The Vamps? NOVEMBER 7---- save the date! 
All black tonight . 1st Carroll & Richwood game ... 
Sharknado hits the Gold Coast: MASSES of baitfish moving north may force the closure of Gold Coast beaches today. 
Taking a trip to Wichita State tomorrow w/ my Little Brother. Any alumni/Wichitans with recos? #SarcasmNotWelcome 
@user Lil sis is going to bed late as she has an inset day tomorrow and wants to watch Styled To Rock, not got the same ring to it x" 
Probably gonna bring my laptop to school tomorrow just to watch Harry Potter .. Lol 
Mayo fan today and a Kerry fan on the 20th..just once those cunts are beat !! 
Chicken, basketball, and you ratchet hoes?! New Thursday Tradition. 
"Sunday Creeper Sunday and the Top 50 Hitters, Week 21 - Don't worry, I'm not going to talk about U2. I already go ... 
Grizzlies come back late to tie the game in regulation and then win 4-3 in a shootout Friday night at Maverik Center. 
#BlueJays score 4 in 10th beat Red Sox 5-1 Turn your photo into a baseball card on the iPhone: 
@user 9/9 account using your Blackberry device, u may want to follow @user for updates and additional support from RIM. 
Nick Watney hit a course-record 61 on Sunday to take the CIMB Classic title: 
I want to see White Arrows at North Star Bar Sat + @user Studio Session on Wed 
Jesiah of course can’t fall asleep. So since he’s off school tomorrow, he’s cuddled up with mama watching Wizards of Waverly Place<3 
I went by my moms in Atlanta for my 26th and she just knew we was going to a gay club asking ha friends we said hell no we like str8 clubs 
@user @user If you're Chuck Norris, that may be enough. For the rest, at least concealed carry." 
Search around Black Friday much higher compared with Amazon Prime day @user 
@user I'm gonna give one to Leverkusen and two to Mainz, relegating Dortmund to the 6th position 
#HappyHolidays #fun Sarah Palin interviewed multiple 2016 GOP contenders on Friday, but it was far from the gr...  
screengrab of the @user @user announcing march by Joseph Kony on the White House on Nov 17: 
@user @user look she may be there for the moment but Rih will always be in his life so she is irrelevant tbh 
"Read my response to """"Green Day - Last night on earth or Last of the American Girls?"""": 
tomorrow will mark a year since i saw shawn live for the first time 
Tonight was just a preview of what Bob Jones will do to Austin at tomorrow’s vball game. VBC. Noon. #BeThere #BJP 
"Dana White is trying to make Anderson vs Belfort II happen. Don't bother, Anderson would pepper him just like the 1st time" 
The total number of Distressed Properties For Sale declined for the 4th straight week to 282 in Fairfax, Loudoun, and Arlington 
I need to be in east York all day tomorrow . 
"Just to spite Real Madrid, could we release DDG from his contract in January early , only on condition he joins Atletico Madrid only?" 
@user is it true Shawn is having another interview on Monday in San Diego???? 
"Based on the 3rd tee shot, my hope of Dustin Johnson winning has gone. Pulls and hooks are always an issue with his wrist position?" 
@user grim did you know that Kane will return on Monday night raw 
Friday, October 19th - Talib Kweli: Idle Warship with Res at the Adrienne Arsht Center!  
@user Amazon rentals. They'll charge you till the end of December but you can extend the time you use it 
There are people who only watched Ant-Man for the Upstate NY cameo and the 2nd credit scene. Civil War is going to be pretty big. 
Kris Bryant flies out to the warning track. Almost had his 4th hit of the night. #Cubs 
Cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th. Zaharion at the plate. 
Black Triangle Sighting in Oranjestad,  on October 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance of a stealth ... 
Continental Senior Living will have a booth on the square for Pancake Day on Saturday. Come by to learn more about... 
Norwich City are gonna get destroyed today against Villa this afternoon! C’mon you villaaaans!! @user 
"David Price's 6th K of the night, his first called, ends the Clevelands' 5th inning. He's seen 2 above the minimum. #bluejays trail 1-0." 
@user @user @user It's decent but not +3 standard yet, teeing it up at MJ on Monday. How'd you play at Lough Erne?" 
@user maybe cause they tweeted nasty things about Briana. They may not like her, but she doesn't desrve the hate." 
"Briana sextape ""End of the day"" ""Album out on Friday"" ""Break is soon""  Us: 
I want to be Batman on Halloween ;w;  But I'm going to be busy on that day, even when it's a Saturday TT~TT 
Pictures of the day: 18 October 2012: A playful Amazon river dolphin, Usain Bolt’s shoes and Mick Jagger. #photography 
Per comments. The Lions just lost the next Tom Brady when they cut Moore. Earlier today it was Drew Bree's. Tomorrow it's Y.A. Tittle. 
@user  turns to @user  and @user  to help get Surface into the office 
Delmar Johnson will interview about new release of book!  BOCI Talk Radio @ 10am CST on October 31st.  Listen,... 
The Business Leader’s Award ceremony will be held during the @user annual meeting in Davos on the  25 January 2013! 
Well coming up next it's are main event Neville an cesoro vs Kevin Owens an Seth Rollins next on Thursday night #Smackdown 
All the scalpers jizzed in their pants when they heard Tom Brady would be playing on Thursday night. 
Steve Emerson on SUN explains the riots and real motives 
"Write around the Murray starts tonight, but I think napping may be what wins. #WAM2015" 
Why is everyone talking about Niall's bday it's not until the 13th ok I have 8 more days until I panic bc he's 22 
here we have Niall representing half the population every Monday morning 
Jennifer Lawrence arriving back at LAX airport after being in the UK for the BFI screening of Serena (OCT 13TH) 
"Opening scene for Ice Cube's upcoming ""Another Friday in the Big Ten"" movie. ""How you get fired on yo day off, Tim?"" 
Blake was upset because I spoiled Harry Potter for her,if you don't know already Dumbledore dies. you may proceed to cry &amp; "hate me forever" 
'Tom Brady' appeared on Friday 4 at the 3rd place in the Top20 of Dallas-Ft. Worth's Trends: #trndnl 
"2,339,071 people could have seen 'Bellusci' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl" 
(WBB) First Media Timeout #SSU trails #Armstrong 39-45 in the 2nd half. 
We get to dress up in Halloween costumes on Wednesday. Sophia Grace and Rosie in the building ladies and gentleman. 
Gym n the A.M. taking My Baby to the park Tomorrow then Studio!!!! Goodnight!! ’MAYBE’ 
Trump aiming his sharpest tweets at Jeb Bush. But with Ben Carson surging in 2nd place, is Trump missing the target? @user has more. 
@user just saw Paul Dunne tee off on the 12th at The Open...classic big bottom small.  Lol 
@user Call me maybe is on the radio... David Owen has to hear it tomorrow on our last day! 
Video: Kanye West Helps 2015 VMAs Break U.S. Twitter Record:Sunday night's MTV Video Music Awards were the-- #video 
so if u want 1989 tickets u have to win them at Shawn's show on Saturday  
@user roads are straight ass. May be better further east, I'm out in Milan tonight." 
London copper up for 3rd day and underpinned by China data - SteelGuru 
Day 3 Raspberry Pi winners!! Come back tomorrow for the last chance to win 2 more! #OpenStackSummit #DreamCompute 
I'm a Mariah Carey fan kaya may high standards ako. Elha's quite good altho it's not a whistle tone. DARREN Wows TVKFinals 
idk since Batman is a detective he may start to overthink and doubt himself. Superman.  
Stem the Maple Flood. Why Scott Walker wants to wall off Canada (and five things it may help stop) 
MISS! Robbie Keane gets on the end of a David Beckham cross from the right, but his header is just over in the 19th minute. 
Brackett overthrows an open Garner on 3rd down. Lions will go for it on 4th down and 1. 
From the BBC:  Free childcare scheme 'may backfire' 
On to the 3rd movie - Acts of Valor. This time we have corn dogs. 
Plant City driver charged with DUI in fatal crash - Oct 30 @ 8:48 PM ET 
Bus stops = a face full of Nike air max and ellesse jumpers. Calm your self, the benefits've got to last till Monday. #chavbants 
"RIP the Rousey circus. Dana white; a ""once ever athlete"" after 12 wins...liverpool won 12 in a row in 13/14 and finished 2nd!" 
You'll be able to buy the Apple Watch from select Harvey Norman, Domayne, JB Hi-Fi and Myer stores from tomorrow   
Red Sox are imploding in the 10th inning.  Would be nice if they could have done this in like the 7th inning.  #BlueJays 
Auburn spent their entire practice today inside the new indoor facility. 
Ungentlemanly. Tim Howard runs 20 yards out of goal in an attempt to get Sterling sent off for 2nd yellow card (which it wasn’t). #pasoccer 
Totally just realized Paul Dunne won't get a cent of the 1.8M first place prize if he wins #TheOpen tomorrow. 
Hey john cena I hope you will make to Monday night raw to challenge Seth Rollins #johncenavssethrollns 
"Tomorrow I'll be reunited with my PS4, how sad am I?" 
Someone see Jurassic park with me tomorrow 
@user @user @user @user I think it may have been the words you used about St Patrick's Day... 
@user I only changed to Apple iPhone 6 in June and I don't believe the cellular is as good as android phones imo 
When Eraserheads, Francis M. and Rivermaya are in the same stage | The APR Blog via @user 
@user ...trying to do the same, but U2 in Europe and OSU football may suck me back in. #MichieCorleone 
"Christians, never downplay the importance of living an authentic life for Christ. Your life may be the only Bible someone ever sees." 
@user Thor sat with him through all of it, easing his pain as best he could with remedies Thor has been taught on Asgard. He -" 
Someone take me to Florida so I can live in the sun. 
It may be kejriwal n Rahul Gandhi feeling too cold that's y no new drama but they will make their come back soon 
"Alexander Lavrentiev secretly visited Israel last Thursday, hosted by the incoming head of Mossad  @user 
The 2nd time I've seen Zac Brown Band. The 0th time he's played my favorite song 
@user Loving MGSV, but BUG REPORT! On PS4 and X1 the ground and animals in the Herbivore Area 2 may not load. 
Tomorrow's Times leads with government child abuse cover up. #newsnight go with Allegra Stratton's love letter to George Osborne 
@user been awhile,sat back taking stock,think we missing a ""fox in the box"" has anyone else clocked what Jordan Rhodes is doing? 1/2" 
@user @user Ben affleck  is the next Batman and the only logical place for the 3rd tatto to be is the 'pelvic area' 
"Sure the Trump tweet was in January, but it is still relevant because it was about Charlie Hebdo." 
'Scott Walker' appeared on Sunday 30 at the 9th place in the Top20 of Montreal's Trends: #trndnl 
You can't even compare Kendrick and Future. Way different. Future just got fire beats. K Dot got Barzzzzz  
@user Hillary's team-'If she can only fake sincerity we'll have it made.'  
Parliament adjourned until Monday. Maseru is calm with heavy police presence in the city streets. 
Selling 2 tickets to Zac Brown Band at Fenway August 9. 70$ each seats are on the field. Let me know 
I know Flatbush Zombies wont be at the concert on Friday but I still hope the Asap mob performs #BathSalts at least, or rockys part atleast 
"Bing Crosby &amp; David Bowie have been singing ""Peace on Earth/Little Drummer Boy"" in my head all day. How's your November 3rd going?" 
@user @user Sarah Palin, other women you disagree with may still be quite bright.Hillary may be intelligent, just wrong. 
Only looking forward to going to IHOP with Sarah in Nicole tomorrow morning 
@user Shawn, do you live in a hoose or a house?  It's the latter!  C'mon ..." 
@user Selena's new album entitled """"For You"""" will be released on the 24th of November!" 
Get up to date commentary on the Medium Term Budget Policy Statement SA Budget from Deloitte tax experts #SABudget on 25 Oct Read more 
Oracle lead at the bottom gate, didn't see where it happened, but ETNZ go past us and are 2nd at the gate... @user  #BringTheCupHome 
AC/DC tweets raise suspicions about Ashley Madison hacker's identity: A love of AC/DC may have inadvertently o... 
Saw Straight Outta Compton..and i didn't know Ice Cube wrote the script for Friday! 
Thinking I'm going to Charleston tomorrow! 
A midweek storm on the horizon? Be aware as this storm may bring significant impacts to New England: 
Left knee inflammation lands Rangers' Josh Hamilton on the DL for 3rd time this season. 
"You may have the key to your girlfriend's heart, but Chuck Norris has the key to her back door." 
@user @user I may not be strong enough to defend myself in the real world but I can kick your ass in Naruto 
All of these commercials about Zayn in the vmas... we may never know until Sunday 
It's true. 93.8% of Christians in the U.S. are in prison.  
Music Dispatch: Gorillaz May Collaborate with David Bowie #yesplease #love 
topic: donald trump   question: will this be the 3rd question you answer?  #PRINCESSVICTORIATAKESOVER   @user 2 
Peppermint &amp; liquorice tea &amp; Scott Walker on the player. Content Wednesday evening  downtime 
@user u going to Laidback Luke tomorrow?! 
"So LG5 will have a song about horoscopes? ""Scorpio Moon"" ""Sun Of Leo"" ""Gemini Stars"". #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
Aka. I should be doing productive sunday things, but I'm just watching Mariah Carey videos on youtube 
"#RahulGandhi""Rahul Gandhi ji present on the 31st Plenary session of INTUC at Talkatora stadium, New Delhi. 
Rival Schools has just announced their Australian Tour dates this September. Tickets on sale June 15. 
State Farm just postponed my sale date scheduled for tomorrow for a new short sale listing taken today for $1.9... 
MT @user My apologies: my bronchitis prevents it, and Countdown tonight. Bill Carter & @user replace, respectively 
Just saw the 1st episode of Vampire Diaries 
Still waiting for the day I wake up to Zayn still being in the band and realising everything after March 25th was just a dream 
"The Clippers are guaranteed their first ever appearance on ABC Sunday, either Game 7 against the Grizzlies or Game 1 against the Spurs." 
"heading to West Wyalong tomorrow for a couple of hours of Dr Who, Star Wars, Vikings and mexican food... as you do" 
ICC announces teams for WCL Division 3: The International Cricket Council (ICC) Thursday announced the six squ... 
Saudi Arabia supporting Egypt via debt purchases rather than put dollars in local banks. Probably the smarter move 
@user Hi there, I have question I want to purchase the Real Madrid 3rd kit can you guys add the champions league patches" 
WBO featherweight champion Orlando Salido beat fighter Gutierrez stopping him in the 3rd round Saturday night in a non-title fight. #boxing 
Got me a BAMA shirt like the 1 Lil Wayne had on last night at the concert #Biting lol IDC though lol 
"if I don't get a free hot dog tomorrow on national hot dog day, somebody's gonna pay, and somebody will gonna get hurt." 
"31 games played with Inter and I sit in 5th, 4 points behind city rivals Milan in my final CL spot. 2nd to last game I face them ""away""..." 
"Super Eagles Coach, Sunday Oliseh Invites 18 for Tanzania (See Full List): Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sun... 
Hulk Hogan 1:6th Scale Figure is up for Pre Order Check it out #WWE #HulkHogan - 
@user I'm going sleep. May Allah forgive my sins and protect me from your kind. And May Allah guide you to Islam and leave Kufr 
Diablo III [Full PC Game] with Crack: Release date:  World: 15 May 2012 | USA: 15 May 2012 | Europe: 15 May 2012... 
Serena Williams is also with Nike. They may pay her less for winning because she wins all the time - ( Source: 2paragraphs) 
.@kelseybone3 puts back a Bentley miss. Sun tie the game again at 58. #LetsGoSun 
@user  hi Fiona tomorrow on key 103 top 10 at 10 please can you play me marry j blige U2 one please thanks Fiona 
"Rousey gon get schooled by the preachers kid, ya diggggg???  
Even the puppets had ID cards at BBC... 
Gucci plenty jivatma hope june mellow the twain thine proper influence disjunction towards plaidoyer care of s... 
Ready to see the Lakers tomorrow 
I just realized im retaking the CASHEE tomorrow -.- 
@user oohh may i know you something? are you a muslim or orientalist? you seem to hate islam 
@user There were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation, + N.O. has lots of ’canes, and may have been complacent 
(Times Pic) LSU Coach Les Miles said BCS title game has no bearing on Saturday’s matchup with Alabama #LSU 
@user @user @user us Wednesday morning. I'll pick you up and we can cry along to sam smith songs 
Nigeria Friendly Against Ghana May Be On The Cards: Nigeria's Super Eagles and Ghana's Black Stars may come he...  
@user @user That used to fly over Bolton on Tuesday afternoons. Think it was Tuesday anyway. Must have been a regular delivery run. 
@user Last night I dreamt it was tomorrow’s game and you invaded the pitch to throw your scarf at Roger Johnson. Weird. 
Won't be long before people will be trying to tell us Saudi Arabia and Iran have nothing to do with Islam 
You're all talking about an iPhone event and I'm just sat here chatting about Tinder 
Will be the Republican Nominee for US Presidential Polls: Bobby Jindal: Notwithstanding his 13th rank among 17... 
Oil is the Most Traded Product in the World &amp; Coffee is the 2nd Traded Product. Capital Cities Name Translat as City of Islam is Islamabad. 
Watney fires 61 to win CIMB Classic: Nick Watney fired a 10-under 61 on    Sunday to rally and win the C... #Sports 
"Blog: NBC Replaces Tomorrow’s ""Animal Practice"" with New ""30 Rock"" 
"Schedule your dentist appointment for October 7, 8, or 9 at Dr. Gay's office between 8 and 3 and you might see yours truly" 
"Is Big Brother playing games with U as well?? I'm stuck on same number since Wed. AM though I get 2 to 3 hundred Fol a day, yes really! #FBI" 
@user @user  very destitute with their I phones sat nav an Nike tops ! Some were in Internet cafes in Hungary just had to check in 
@user From there, the course of action was clear! Why, he'd march right up to them and...be silent, since Twilight insisted on-" 
John Kasich soliciting donations from The Donald on the debate stage may be out Trumping Trump. #GOPDebate 
Grammy Award winner Sam Smith confirmed on Tuesday he will sing the theme for the next James Bond movie. 
Tomorrow Tom Brady takes the field... and this scandal has awakened a dormant giant. I think Tom was gonna take it easy on the league and.. 
Ricky Burns to make WBO title defence against Liam Walsh on big December show in London: #boxing #boxingheads 
think ima go to Nicki Concert @ the DAR Constitution Hall on the 21st.. 2 chainz gonna be dere 
"Next week on #thelivingroom: volcanoes in Vanuatu, luscious lasagne & a seventies style-over! See you at 7.30pm next Friday on @user 
Ryan Braun ties the game at three with a base hit in the 3rd with two outs. -RI 
@user ~ noooo! Just like Shawn said ""be yourself"" If you only showed that side it may be too much but you balance it out with other vids" 
@user That picture - was a gathering after the Charlie Hebdo attacks from January. 
WWE Monday Night RAW results - - Seth Rollins kicks off the show 
"Yo @user What's the offer for existing Moto G (1st Gen) owners? @user 
@user @user You play Chelsea Saturday. It's unlikely he'll play today. 
pops bought Red Zone for the NFL, all NFL games on Sunday. he bought the NBA league pass as well. 
I've always been slow at reading books. Currently trying to power through the rest of Paper Towns as I'm seeing the film tomorrow 
I’m delighted that Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are hosting the Golden Globes. How am I supposed to wait until January 13? #wantthistohappennow 
Premier League, Championship & FA Cup action this weekend. I’ve spent the last couple hours putting a Treble together! Will post tomorrow! 
"Dont know what tshirt I should wear to the @user Manchester show tomorrow: nirvana, my chemical romance or the used #toughdecisions" 
@user going to CES in January? 
Going to see @user and the Under The Sun tour tonight. Hoping Mark doesn't bring a Sharknado with him 
EU may bring back border controls, Angela Merkel suggests: The German Chancellor says for the... #TheArkOfTwitter 
"Israel approves natural gas exports to Egypt - JERUSALEM, Dec 24 (Reuters) - Israel's government has given the ... 
@user This is regarding your concern engaged with Ira. May I know if you can use it via Facebook app? 
Happy Friday.  Here's Joe Biden being creepy with anime characters.  
Pedro sat bench for Barca &amp; KDB wins POTY in Germany but yet Pedro is the "better" player. 
"Kendrick Lamar and the Alabama Shakes both have songs on the list but they're in the bottom 3rd. Top 3rd? Adele &amp; someone called ""Fetty Wap""" 
Jennifer Lawrence waxed lyrical about Amy Schumer's physique on Monday to chat show hos... 
Ouch! Amy Schumer took to Instagram Sunday to show off her souvenir from her stint as the host of Saturday Night Live. Schumer hosted the 
@user so I’m just recalling that I met John Belushi early sunday morning #Haha 
#AMCFearFest is freaking me out.. I just want to watch #AmericanHorrorStory FX may have the movies but #AMC has got the shows 
Matt Long and Will Morris will be on BBC Radio Stoke at 9.00 am tomorrow, being interviewed in the community... 
Chelsea Football Club may have 33 players out on loan but the number of Juventus loanees dwarfs that number... 
RT @user Revisit: Madonna: 12th Studio Album Rumor Update -  There are several rumors regarding the new Madonna... ... 
@user are u gonna go to the Romeo santos thing on the 5th? 
2nd successive #WT20 winner against #Pakistan in the Semi-Finals has lost the Final 
Photo: Gucci Foamposites Drop Tomorrow. We got the up on our site right now. Go check it out!!!!... 
Scott Walker looks indecisive towards his stance on the 14th Amendment. #ucretst1 
Mommy told me to ask #GummyBear if he want to come to the house Saturday 
"Bok squad announcement will be tomorrow for the Australasian tour, open training session for public at Orlando Stadium at 15:00 Thursday" 
@user Thanks for reminding me how fab I am. I may not have a Gucci bag but I have a neurologist, she's from Eastern Europe. I've arrived" 
Chess game today... If anyone is in Dumbo today at the Brooklyn Bridge Pier. Come play a game with me. 
"Saudi to review power, fuel subsidies: ministry: Saudi Arabia said Monday it plans to review the prices of hea... 
"When taking the SAT, write ""Chuck Norris"" for every answer. You will score over 8000." 
The club denied on Saturday that Juventus had made an offer. Heldt: Because no offer had been made at the time of the statement. 
Kris Bryant with a solo shot to RF in the Bottom of the 2nd the #Cubs &amp; Brewers are now tied @ 1 
@user @user @user   Coach: Shawn, you're suspended  Shawn Oakman: I'll see you on Saturday  Coach: yes sir" 
Ice cube son can play Craig in the next Friday coming out 
Cards Drop Their 4th Straight to Niners: How many of you stayed past the 3rd quarter? How many let alone stayed ... 
Planning to buy Moto G 3rd gen? Don't buy the cheaper one. Here is why: 
DEPARTURE of ship: JUMBO SPIRIT Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 4:49AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a... 
Thabo Masebe says government will meet with Cosatu tomorrow morning and doesn't want to be seen as ignoring union input. @user 
@user may i know what the latest Nokia phone model will produce 
brooke burke LLLINKKK Where can I find the dress worn by DWTS Host Brooke Burke on Dancing With the Stars last night? ;O 
Just got done playing Mass Effect 3 multiplayer for PC for alittle bit.Now i’m gonna watch Friday the 13th on the AMC channel. @user 
@user how you feeling about the Colts game Sunday ? 
Jeb Bush, continuing to hit back against Donald Trump, took some not-so-subtle digs Wednesday at the GOP front-runner's decision to let a 
I think I may be the only person alive who prefers the Grateful Dead's studio albums over the live ones 
"Curtis trying to figure out that, Oliver may/or maynot be [TheGreenArrow] ""Nah. It's not you!"" Hahahaha #Arrow" 
"What are you waiting for? @user coming to Milan on Mar 1, 4. Tix still available! 
UMBC Alert: Due to Hurricane Sandy the campus will be CLOSED on TUESDAY OCTOBER 30. Check the UMBC website for more information. Stay safe! 
"RT @user Tonight on CTV News at 6, I'll have a conversation with Lloyd Robertson as he prepares to anchor CTV National News for th ..." 
Messi and Mascherano could start the Argentina game against Mexico on Tuesday in Dallas, Texas [sport] 
"Milky Way Ransacks Nearby Dwarf Galaxies: Washington DC (SPX) Oct 17, 2014  Astronomers using the National Sci... 
Listen to Here Comes the Sun (Live At Madison Square Garden) by George Harrison on @user 
@user Ay you heard ""Black Friday "" by Kendrick a J Cole" 
Someone should come with me November 9th to see Romeo Santos meet&greet at Fye at 6 pm at downtown (: 
@user yeah, i'm aware, i just meant that we have like no information about her, all we know is she may have hooked up with niall" 
"My belated Christmas Eve #JohnFlemingBlog - Bras, a drag king, lesbians and the IRA - 
List of Ceremonies and Events for the First Anniversary of the Great East Japan Earthquake  (as of February 17) 
Skip 1st period with me and drive me to Dunkin. I'll buy you coffee and donuts. 
PSA For the white girls: Everything Pumpkin starts August 31st @ Dunkin 
Because it's Real Madrid bet it happens  
@user @user gonna try the Foo Fighters at Wrigley on Sat? 
@user tomorrow maybe!? Like during Tok and lunch? I’ll go tomorrow and you can go Wednesday? :) 
He's bunting!? That leaves 1st open to walk Harper and set up the DP 
@user @user @user @user are all back tomorrow &amp; Tom Brady joins us in the 8 am hour 
JACKALS GOAL! Jimmy Martin sneaks a rebound past Killeen to give Elmira a 2-1 lead. Bushee & Bellamy with the assists.1:09 left 2nd period 
can Nicki and Drake go ahead and get married and have the child that will be 3rd legendary Sannin 
@user are we still going Sylvia park tomorrow? 
"Amy Schumer Gets Realer Than Real About the Kardashians, Women's Magazines, and #ffshoes 
The United Patriots Front has announced that it will rally in #Bendigo on October 10 as part of global rallies against Islam. 
@user is it true LMFAO are there tomorrow ?? 
sunday afternoon with Amy Lee on AMFM till 4pm. when i hand over to HIT 40 UK WITH MARK JAMES. 
Puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november be in existence boundless the raiment superego necessaries seeing that proclamat: plhek 
Somalia will arrive in Uganda on 8 November to give the team time for 15 training days before the start of the Cecafa Cup. 
@user Do you think Brock Lesnar will beat Undertaker at Summer Slam on Sunday 
If you're interested in reporting on Obama aspect of Monday night's event, text me. I'm looking at @user for sure. 
"RT @user Was asked today if Everton's display against QPR could be regarded as """"a cushions job"""" - definitely one for the older g ..." 
@user he was like my favorite in 5th grade and then he pulled a frank ocean and dissappeared 
"Kyle Seager went 3-for-6 with a two-run homer, an RBI single and three total RBI in Sunday's 11-inning loss to the White Sox. #Mariners #mlb" 
@user @user come on lads get to work or your leader the IRA lover will be toast by Friday we must ALL tweet to save him 
Think I may have an early night tonight and go to sleep after Styled To Rock! 
"(Correction: Tohoku appears in the 2nd mix folder for Encore Extra Stage only, not Extra Stage.)" 
Church is tomorrow &amp; I hope that I will be forced to use a Windows Nokia phone for a week! Who are you bringing to church tomorrow? #Inspire 
"I hope Kris Bryant is ready for a ""random"" drug test tomorrow. Or do they only do that in the NFL?" 
Not sure which IRA is for you? I can help you answer any questions you may have. Message me to learn more. 
Anyone want a ticket for Zac Brown Band for saturday at citizens bank....I am selling one for $40 
A train from Naples to Milan made an unscheduled 40-minute stop at Parma on Tuesday - to drop off the Roma squad ahead of tonight’s game. 
"My birthday money lasted exactly 1 month, I may or may not have spent it on Kpop albums" 
UFC 134: Anderson Silva vs. Yushin Okami Gambling Spotlight: A handful of UFC 134 props to make your night a lit... 
@user  @user  tell DP It Rousey's first fight with Correia but she's going to fight Meisha Tate for a 3rd time next. 
Guy at Dunkin: Don't you have school or something? Me: Yeah but I don't really go to 1st period... Guy: *laughs hysterically*  Me: .... 
Clearwire Is Sought by Sprint for Spectrum: Sprint disclosed on Thursday that it had offered to buy a stake in C... 
Premier League Team of the Week: Van Persie makes cut for 10th time this season as Szczesny, Ashley Young & Jonn... 
@user Is Donald Trump still coming on the show Monday mornings? I didn't see him today. I always started my week watching him. 
"Now that #cheater Tom Brady is back, the Steelers defense needs to step up for opening night next Thursday!  #SM3410" 
"Going to Helsinki tomorrow or on the day after tomorrow,yay!" 
The destination of Thursday’s Premier League was decided today, see who’s gone into the Hall of Fame. 
Josh Hamilton hits a 2-run homer in the 7th to break 0-0 tie w/ SF. 
A mistake on NFL injury report initially said Brian Cushing would be out vs Indy on Thursday. He just didn't participate in today's practice 
My 1st Fantasy team is the hurt boys. Dwyane Wade, Dwight Howard, John Wall & Derrick Rose. 
"The clock is ticking... tomorrow, 9/9/15 is the last day to order from the pre-order collection for Eid delivery... 
today is my last day in bellagio bc we're spending the day in Milan tomorrow im gonna be so sad leaving this place 
My son got his 1st broken heart today. He found out the girl he had a crush on is supporting Bernie Sanders. Next! #truestory 
Anyway, I’ll be looking the other way tonight. As you may have guessed, I’m going to a Halloween party as Joe Paterno. 
Anyone in year 12 or 13 that’s gunna see The Woman In Black needs to give the money to McHale tomorrow! Spread the word please! 
Like when I had to reset my PS4 cuz Monica erased everything. I just sat and cried for like 20 minutes but I got over it :) 
"Red Sox may be losing, but the no hitter is still intact." 
@user In Somalia, the people are still waiting from the int’l community strategy to develop food and agriculture after London Conference 
"Charlie Rose with Bill Joy; Daniel Barenboim (March 13, 2000): Bill Joy, chief scientist at Sun Microsystems, di... 
"Rahul Gandhi drags Modi in National Herald case, alleges vendetta by PMO: New Delhi, Dec 9 : Upping the ante o... 
But Google play will receive the update tomorrow. 
"It may sound like I'm angry with Naruto....In a way, I kind of am. But, he's trained with the best. I know he'll be okay." 
Catch me watching the new Naruto in class tomorrow 
Liverpool return to League action on Sunday with an Anfield clash against Newcastle.... 
"This Friday, the new film """"Occupy Unmasked"""" opens; a guided tour of the OWS movement hosted by Andrew Breitbart.... 
I swear I'm going to every Monday wonders over Xmas possible 
"Since Stan 1st grandslam, he's lost all 4 matches against Murray #USOpen Surely going to be a great match up for Stan !!" 
Cowboys tonight to see eli young band ;) 
Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed that he craves the success he has been able to achieve as player with the Super Eagles. 
"Come on Andy. Kids are in bed. Dinner is out of the way. 2nd beer is open. 50"""" HD TV is on. Play your game. #Wimbledon2012" 
Q: What is the weather like in Italy in November?  And is that a good time to travel there? #Italy #weather #iPad 
@user @user The primary was on a Thursday in 2012 to avoid the Labor Day conflict: cc: @user 
We face the Storm tomorrow morning at 8:00 AM on Victory Lane 2.  The winner will advance to play the Henderson Hawks for the championship 
Club remix next Saturday night ALLSTAR will be in the building @user  @user 
"In related news, there were no subs for the Red Stars to start the 2nd half. No lightning updates yet..." 
OK it is time for me to sleep. First day as a Senior / Grade Twelver tomorrow. Gonna be craic ! Save me Paul McCartney 
@user I don't know. Chuck Norris may have something to say about that 
@user I’m presently in Poland but will fill you in on my return home to Scotland on Saturday. 
@user I'm getting mine in like 2 weeks because I'm buying the Gucci foams tomorrow and I had to pay my motorcycle bill so u got 2 wk 
"if anyone is selling an FYF Fest single day ticket for Saturday August 22, please let me know. i only care for Frank Ocean's performance." 
Ending our Thursday we have one from High Civilization...  Bee Gees with Secret Love 
Real Madrid's attempt to make a last minute super signing with De Gea may have been a little too last minute #DeadlineDay 
"Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi didn't turn up, Dec 19 is summons date for Gandhis, Sonia says she's not afraid and #NationalHeraldCase" 
PSA: Since I got my cast off, I will be taking my 2K talents to the Playstation Network and asking for names to play me Saturday morning! 
@user Katy Perry. Bottom half only. Gonna see how the office reaction goes on Monday before going through with the whole head 
Apparently some dude called Shepard Fairey has a show on 2night? Drop by Blackall studio 1st if you missed the #imaginaryfriends show launch 
"Monday's episode ""Hulk Hogan, Boobs &amp; On the DL"" with guest @user is up now! Take a listen! It's shit! | 
"Nate Berkus: ""Being Gay Is the Way I Was Born"" | Super Soul Sunday | Oprah Winfrey Network 
Tomorrow, I pray the Persian people will stand with Trump in Washington and stop Obama's nuclear insanity. 
A few interesting tidbits from the BBC graphics - looks like German may only be granting asylum to around a quarter of people applying 
Carly Fiorina wants special treatment. The criteria was published may 20. She didn't cut it so there's that. 
"2015 #PGAChampionship : Dustin Johnson leader with -5 ,Hole 13* in RD1 on August 13 at Whistling Straits ,play in progress" 
The Professional Development Series is off this week for Labor Day.  We will return next Tuesday with another #webinar. 
Some one go to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean with me Saturday 
Scott Walker says he has no plans to repeal the 14th amendment: 
Gucci variety spirit tenacity february open the distich thy monad swish combo in contemplation of special plea... 
I was dreaming when I was reminded that I have to take the ACT tomorrow 
Ricky Gervais | Friday Night with Jonathan Ross | 14/11/2003 Part 2 of 2 via @user 
@user @user @user Looks like it might be left until 6am tomorrow morning on YouGov site. 
Gucci bags nephesh sureness august evolve the dichotomous your connotative access appendant up to politician s... 
When I was a kid, Pope John Paul II was crowned or whatever they call it. I remember wondering whatever happened to Pope John Paul the 1st.. 
@user @user I think you may want to consider David Price's shoe laces for Jordan lol 
Ugh why didnt i just go see Paul McCartney on Friday &gt;&gt;&gt; anything else 
I am 100% committed to Israel as a Jewish state but with equal rights for all. Too many antisemites for Jews not to have a place in the sun. 
"#seniorquote ""I don't know about today, I don't know about tomorrow, but just do how you feel at the time"" - Kanye West, a true intellectual" 
"The World No 1 and world No 2 provided the main event at Whistling Straits on Thursday, even though Dustin Johnson eventually claimed a" 
David Wright will resume his rehab assignment tomorrow evening at 6:30 PM with the @user Off today again. #Mets 
Irish SunSport Tuesday: Robbie Keane rallies the troops ahead of vital Faroes clash @user #roi 
It's the last regular Sunday market before Christmas (though there will of course be the ever-popular Twilight... 
In our busy lives in Dubai could we just spare a moment of silence this Friday morning for the people who still wear crocs. 
@user I'm optimistic about Son. Looks like a great finisher and to have another goal threat may open up some space for Kane 
@user Will you be watching Sharknado 3 tomorrow when it premieres, or do you have to work?" 
@user btw from one gay babe to another; what do u think i should wear to pride parade on saturday? it'll probably be raining but- 
"Tomorrow marks 13 years since Hulk Hogan lost to Brock Lesnar on the August 8th, 2002 episode of #SmackDown!" 
"#Rangers Josh Hamilton went 2-for-5 with a run and two RBIs including the go-ahead, eventual game-winner in the 11th. #MLB" 
Cheapest ticket available to watch El Clasico at the Bernabeu in March is 600 Euros! Someone is having a laugh.. 
Plot twist: Real Madrid didn't accept the papers just so they can get him in January under bossman ruling for free ready for next season 
@user lol yes look on Wiki under the 29th. 
I bet Frank Ocean ain't even recorded an album. Just sat at home with Netflix n chill laughin at us 
This is going to be me tomorrow while I listen to Calibraska.  #CalibraskaEP 
This is like the pictures from Harry Potter 
Shawn may not ever tell us when he's gonna be on tv but somehow we always find out 
"I'm on board with this. Feel bad for Miesha Tate, but looking at Rousey's dominance, the opponent doesn't matter. 
@user As #Corbyn being  continually pilloried for talking to Sinn Fein and the IRA will we be decrying the legacy of Good Friday? 
Can Paul Dunne get it done on Monday? 
Morning Must Reads: August 18: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Sen. Marco Rubio are both talking about healthc... 
@user i challenge you to get 7.5K by August 20 or you have to draw Naruto sexy jutsu #ChallengeMeToGlo 
"See baby photos of Blue Ivy Carter, the daughter of Beyonce and Jay-Z," - Huffington Post 
Nature's own 'Cloud' went head to head with Amazon and Microsoft on Sunday...and won.  #cloud 
I'm Shmacked: St. Patrick's Day at WVU to start my Saturday off the right way. 
"Kane may show up 4 #SummerSlam ..i think Paul Heyman hinted this on #RAW when he said ""fetch the devil....and even god himself bla bla""""" 
Since tomorrow is my birthday & all, I’m gonna listen to every song with  the word birthday in it... Birthday Cake, Birthday Girl... 
Gucci bags breath of life fervent hope february germinate the both thy organic being entering appendage till a... 
Debating if I should look hella gucci tomorrow or just gucci 
Let's hope she doesn't pull a Frank Ocean  
Your Tom Brady meme may just prove that you are a bigger fan of Social Media than you are of actual Football. #enoughalready 
Don't Forget to Join #NAIPod LIVE Tomorrow at Noon on  We're Taking YOUR Calls on the Hulk Hogan situation  Be Heard 
"#Brewers on the board in the 1st against the #Reds thanks to a solo shot from Ryan Braun, his 24th." 
"Sunday morning is every day for all I care" - Kurt Cobain @user 
@user @user At the minute Zvezda fans are too busy securing tickets for the basketball vs Galatasaray on Thurs and Derbi on Sat. 
What Mads may want to everyone when he received the script full of Hannibal's vocabulary or intellectual talk LMFAO 
anyone want to buy Jason aldean tickets off me for September 11th? priced to move. 
@user yes, it's true I've missed all my children but no Go Set a Watchman gets released Tuesday" 
I hope there's people like the Inbetweeners at 6th form. 
I want to go see Janet Jackson sooo bad when she comes to Minneapolis in November! 
Still time to ask Saturday Kitchen legend James Martin a question, he’s just given us the lowdown on Strictly 
I am looking at restoring the Prophetic Ministry. It may look like a Sharknado at full throttle. @user @user 
#Eid 3rd day scenes of camp in #Achey #Indonesia where Eid Gifts &amp; Cash was distributed among #RohingyaMuslims. 
Sarah Palin will be on Jake Tapper's CNN show on Sunday. Will she be making an announcement, tune in to see. 
i was just talking 2dan.he said they use 2close the wharf in Monterey when Michael Jackson was there at night. he was in Monterey 1s a month 
[OSHODI] Oliseh to pick five more home based players - Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has announced he will sele... 
Thought the boys taking a break will allow me concentrate on my school lessons ha. Forgot ZAYN IS OUT THERE ZOLO &amp; MAY DROP A SINGLE ANYTIME 
well, may be we have to become friends with Rick Perry and Barack Obama to have some rights ,) but I am very selective when it come to 
@user @user I got ducks game tomorrow. Diana called me and said she will be down there. 
Josh Hamilton &amp; Shin-Soo Choo off tonight with lefty Scott Kazmir on mound for #Astros. 
-Australia Test and ODI captain Michael Clarke at the launch of the international season in Sydney on Monday  
"Why is there rumours going around saying Lady Gaga's 5th album is titled 'Scorpio Moon""" 
Joe Biden appears on Late Show w/ Stephen Colbert Sept 10. Does he have something to announce? 
@user oh I’ll be 19 in February. Where do you live? I live in Florida. :D 
How are @user going to get 20,000+ to Adelaide Oval when they can’t even get 15,000 to AAMI on a Sunday afternoon? Crowd = Concerning. #AFL 
Paul Dunne may only get a silver medal if he wins #TheOpen today but one suspects he won't need to worry about money for a while if he does. 
"New post: ""Here's the scoop: Sunday is National Ice Cream Day"" 
@user Serena looked like she wanted to cry majority of the 3rd set. 
Rahul Gandhi there is nothing mysterious about Backops &amp; I am open to talking about it through proper channels  
"RT @user COWBOYS ! RT @user NFL just declared Terrelle Pryor eligible for the supplemental that will take place Monday, A ..." 
Tomorrow's quad hockey action will start with John Cena vs They Don't Stop Coming followed up by Club Zum vs Straight Outta Talent 
The sound of Sunday with Ed Sheeran - The A Team #webradio #internetradio 
@user @user Sir has already declared it on 17 July that JKD would be on 20 july as yesterday it was 3rd of EID. 
Gonna be honest about my Saturday night, but it's almost 1 AM and I'm watching Jurassic Park. 
In watching David Miliband on the Sunday shows, one re-realizes that the wrong Miliband ran against David Cameron. 
SIKE/APRIL FOOLS/ NEVER say Never but this is the exception ****Turns on Pretty Little Liars 
It’s weird to think about how much money was spent on the Washington Monument just to make the world’s biggest sun dial. 
@user They have a very weak evening schedule tonight (Murray &amp; Halep), &amp; Serena in the afternoon tomorrow" 
Nick Diaz may be suspended, but his manager is trying to set up his next fight, saying a match with Josh Koscheck... 
Bored? Check out the 1st of 2 articles I am writing for  @user on Christians and cultural interaction!  
Everybody going to Knott's Saturday I got people from school and people from Downey asking me if I'm going 
One of our staff members giving a speech at the protest in front of Planned Parenthood in Orange on Saturday.... 
@user I know but it’s ruskooooo! An richie hawtin is on a saturday 
@user @user Leon's first street fight is this Friday night. He's fighting Hulk Hogan the first round. 
SEO Services Jacksonville Florida @ (904)508-0801 - Do you want to list your website in Google 1st... 
@user Riri’s new album is dropping november 19th. Freaking machine... literally a year and a day since Talk That Talk.. 
"2016 Summer Olympics will be in Brazil, the 6th largest economy in the world. Crazy fact: fewer than 15% of roads in Brazil are paved." 
@user you think AJ is a 1st rd pick in the League? 
Rahul Dravid holds the record f two 300+ partnership in odi's....1st is with Saurav Ganguly f 318 agnst SriLanka... 
Mick Foley live on @user #Raw! Play as the 3 faces of Foley starting tomorrow in #WWE13! 
In NYC. Do I wanna see 5x Tony winner, Peter & the Starcatcher or Paul Rudd on stage on Thurs? 
Redbacks collapse against Tigers: Ricky Ponting and Luke Butterworth made Wednesday a tough day at the office for... 
@user @user had my suspicions in July 88 Iran air 655 Was shot by down by USs vincess in the gulf 
John Kasich is the one Republican many Democrats could embrace. The Anti-Hilary choice 
Saw an iPod nano 5th(?) Gen 16GB one at the cash converter's place 
I want Shelli to go home tomorrow on big brother 
Caitlyn Jenner &amp; Kris Jenner Come Face-To-Face: The cameras were rolling as Caitlyn Jenner sat down with Kris ... 
@user 1st George Clooney 2nd Joseph Gordon (older and younger ) Winky face with a capital D 
Space Mountain may be the oldest ride in the park, BUT it has the longest line. Ric Flair 
"Off to Lowell today to shoot the NY-P debut of Red Sox 8th round pick, Logan Allen." 
In the inters of being fail and balanced may I present the @user Galaxy Note 5.  
@user hey would you mind like tomorrow answering some questions about god and Christianity for me I’m trying to understand it all and > 
GAME won't be delivering my PS4 until Tuesday apparently. Four day weekend and it's delivered when I'm back at work. Great. 
You may not like the guy but you have that 1 Kanye West track that makes you go. . Yerrrrrrtt 
2/2 Kerry said Wed. "Because if you don't have this agreement, Iran has already made clear what its direction is." Democrats won't stop them 
Someone go with me to Midway next Friday morning so I don't get kidnapped. I'll buy Red Bull and sing you 2000s hip hop classics. 
David de Gea to join Real Madrid in the January transfer window?: 4/11 no; 2/1 yes. #MUFC 
"#DeadlineDay At the end of the day who lost? Real Madrid? David De Gea? @user ? May be De Gea, who is gng 2 be on bench at MANU." 
21-14 them with 4:14 to go. Milan scampers for one on 4th down. 
"RT @user Colts owner Jim Irsay to donate $64,753 to @user victims fund. That's # of tickets distributed to tonight's ..." 
Sun is setting in Sarajevo. Split and then Hvar next in the plan :-D 
Alesana and Miss May I at the House of Blues tonight? Don’t mind if I dooo. 
My Thursday nights arent the same without Waterloo Road 
Does anyone want to help me win tickets to see Shawn in SanDiego tomorrow ? 
Candis Cayne puts speculation to rest: She is just friends with Caitlyn Jenner  19 August 2015  By: Greg... 
If I'm not at the Chris brown concert next Tuesday I'm gonna be really really upset and I'm gonna blame George lol 
add a show in Milan on October 24th and attend the EMAs the day after @user IT'S NOT HARD 
When do sofhmores have to be at the library for the OGT's tomorrow? 
Three White Sox players will make their first starts of the year Sunday vs. Royals. Updates via @user 
"Presidential field candidate-Governor John Kasich -Ohio may be compassionate but he's ""No Economic Moderate""by way of proven experience !!!!" 
Republican presidential candidate and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker declared on Sunday that he was not... 
@user @user Miley &amp; Nicki staged it. Not only did NM break a smile, from the 2nd c-angle Miley says ""what"", before Nicki states topic" 
"Caitlyn Jenner Wants to Be Treated Like a ""Normal Woman"" By a Man: Watch the I Am Cait Clip:  #Videos #May" 
stylesxxlover Mississippi. HS started back on the 4th I think? We never get until Labor Day. 
@user because that ""belief"" was actually law, I could agree. Tom Brady ""believed"" he may have known about deflated footballs..." 
What is the point of this post the only thing Bobby Jindal Is guilty of is standing up for the 2nd Amendment 
@user he may never play for Real Madrid,if they really wanted him then why only bid so late?more to this than they let on @user 
@user @user Do you have a google plus account if so may i have the link to it? 
Pope Addresses Portugal's Bishops on 5-Yearly Visit: Pope Francis on Monday received in audience the bishops o... 
"Gay marriage isn't the law. Yes, it is. It was interpreted by the SCOTUS as such in accordance with rights granted by the 14th Amendment." 
Got my tix to Victory Rally w/ Mitt, Ann & the GOP team at Fiddler’s Green on Saturday. Should be a monster hoot. 
Girls Night Out-Friday night-November 2nd. Fairfax Police Gym -#jazzercise. 6-8pm. Revercomb Dr. Fairfax, VA. Potluck following the dance! 
@user yep. Turner house room 456 on the 4th floor 
Intro to fast pitch pitching lessons at SPC. We have a spot available in our Wednesday class from 5-6 PM the cost... 
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal spoke from just outside a Lafayette movie theater after a deadly shooting took place there Thursday, saying he 
Vettel will get a 6th engine in Austin and told that he'll not take part in qualifying because he will start from pit lane #F1 
If you see me tomorrow don’t talk to me unless if you want to talk about  WHAP, Chinese, DECA or TRIG #zombie #iwontbesocial 
I should really get sleep since I have class tomorrow but when you have a PS4 and Madden 16 in front of you it's kinda hard.. 
UPDATED!! Labor Day Weekend Schedule:  Foxboro: -Saturday: 8:30-9:45am Heated Flow with Kerry -Sunday: 10-11:15am... 
"19.55 on a Friday night &amp; I'm in bed with a cup of Holicks, watching soaps with a box of vanilla fudge for c 
"Last licks for the #RedSox, coming up in the top of the 9th. """"Volare"""" by the Gipsy Kings means it’s Frieri time." 
Gucci variety purusha credit february relate at large the twosome thy terran access bond towards politician ke... 
Prostitutes and pimps? Snoop Dogg may make a return to the Roast of Donald Trump II. 
Breaking nose: Amazon prime day is rescheduled to the 50th of winter solstice to return on black friday. #goodnews #amazonprimeday 
Will be on ABC Sunday night 10pm with Dr Joe Tucci &amp; Prof Liz Handsley re sexualisation &amp; commercialisation of kids 
US: Sen John McCain called Monday for US to begin another war with airstrikes on Syria   - Breaking News Buzz 
I see 'Sunday Major Dustin Johnson' showed up today. +4 after the first... #roughstart #fightback #PGAChamp 
Saturday night: Paul McCartney's solo album spinning on the Crosley and a pile of graphic novels from the library in bed under xmas lights 
My mom tells me she's going to Zac Brown Band on Friday and then proceeds to ask me what songs they sing... 
22minutes until the Sharknado hits for the 3rd time. Oh Hell No!!!! #sharknado3 #Syfy #Toledo #BBN 
Whoever thought it was smart to schedule a Red Sox game at home on September 1st has clearly never been in Boston on September 1st. 
@user really because on my phone it says I messaged you Nov. 21 the first night of thanksgiving break #fact 
"I think Michael  Jackson was murdered. Not by Conrad Murray, but he aided and abetted. I think someone else was in the house that morning." 
"RT @user Do you want to be a Voodoo Derby Doll? After our """"Get Down and Derby"""" night on Aug 26th at the Social Night Club... ..." 
Anyone going to Foo Fighters tomorrow 
Daily Zap OKC vs SAN June 2nd 2012:   Daily Zap OKC vs SAN June 2nd 2012  Check tonight’s e... Wait 5s,pressSKIP AD 
Oneil says Vaughn will be sold in January. His crime? Passed the ball forward more than 3 times today!!! 
It may finally be the Lakers vs Heat #NBA finals matchup due to the Harden trade. 
@user @user To paraphrase Seinfeld: are you going to double dip?  This pic (of wax cover) looks much different than 1st pic. 
4th generation iPad with Retina Display price steps out silently @user @user @user 
Alonso may also consider a year in the #FIAWEC whilst he waits for his favoured option of driving for Mercedes 
"Ice Cube's wife: How's ur screenplay for $6.5mil opening wknd grossing 1995 film ""Friday"" coming? Cube: lol it's funny #StraightOuttaCompton" 
"Professor: ""read 8 chapters by Friday"" Me: @ Nicki I hope you know I'm doing this for you" 
Gucci plenty anima overweening may stretch the duo your concrete inpouring addition en route to case impetuous... 
The first Star Wars Weekends with @user being a part of the Disney family run from May 17-June 9. Fri/Sat/Sun 
"Tomorrow, we will hear Rahul Gandhi say how Congress has increased its seats tally 6 time. If he has not already said it :) #BiharResults" 
"Sorry he's not at the phone right meow, but Josh Hamilton can help you :] 
Being a Texas fan may be even more frustrating than being a Red Sox fan. And that says ALOT about Texas 
U2 will play the 3 Arena on November 23/24/27 &amp; 28 and play Belfast 18 and 19 November #U2ieTour 
Arda Turan got cramp, I am not surprised! Sign for Barca but can't play til January, what do you expect lol 
I’m going to Roger Sanchez at Dot Club in Santiago, Chile - Oct 31 
If I feel up to going to mum's eye check up may try and see Ant-man 
@user bro I fucks with the Bentley we took it out Friday shit was slidin 
3$ to join raffle to see @user 1st Late Night show &amp; have SC ask Jeb Bush your question!  I'm in - are you?  
Going to have to call it a day after this set - but then so might Murray. Tie break. 3rd Set. 2-0 down. 
If anyone is selling Zac brown band tickets for the Friday show contact me please 
Got a spare ticket to Warners at the bay beer fest tomorrow. Let me know? 
Tired of Mark May trying to sell you on VT having a shot? Well Anderson vs Murray has been worth all 4 hours thus far. #USOpen #ESPN2 
@user the only time i would say i really enjoyed IOS was fifa 14 before i got my console in may soon as i got that i stopped playing it 
"Republican front-runner Donald Trump said Friday he would consider allowing the U.S. to accept some of the displaced refugees." Cuck. 
To all my Shapeshifter teammates, family and friends travelling back from Hawaii today tonight and tomorrow, Safe travels! 
So NHS made Xmas no 1 yet Justin Bieber is still in 2nd AND 3rd place - but X factor winner's already out of the top 10?! #timeshavechanged 
Gucci plurality foreconscious doomed hope february think out the span thy figurative modern over and above en ... 
But for the first time since the writ was dropped, I really have no idea whether Harper will be PM after Oct 19th, or who would replace him. 
April just freaked me out bc our local Dunkin is different from half of our friends now even though their dorm is only two blocks away #nyc 
"Sweats again tomorrow ? Math TAKS tomorrow ? I do think so , sweats it is !" 
does anybody want 2 tickets to go see Zac Brown Band on August 15? 100$ for the both of them. DM me or Jimmy if you're interested!! 
Kanye West may be a lot of things but he's not a liar. He can't do anymore damage than the presidents before him did. 
IRONMAN 70.3 in #Ballarat 11-13 December. Haven't trained? Do the Twilight Fun Run 11 Dec 
Liam and Niall teasing the 5th album.. #OTRAOttawa (via @user ) 
BIG BANG!!! Anyone going to LAX tomorrow morning to see them? #BIGBANG #GD 
"Monday live interview. Scott Walker, John Kasich, and the 2016 Election #Wiunion #Wi #Wipolitics #Wigov #Uniteblue" 
"With a win and Baltimore loss, Red Sox are tied for fourth place with the Orioles. First time since June 7 Sox have been in 4th place." 
Despite Sandy, The Show Goes On: WEEHAWKEN, NJ - OCTOBER 30:  Much of the New York City skyline sits in darkness... 
First Friday tonight y’all come out to Club Bodi 
@user will be coming back from Orlando Stadium on Sunday. So might just catch second half at home. But #CFC fans watch at Keg + Filly. 
#Marlins announce 2016 home schedule.  They open April 5-6 vs the Tigers.  The Royals and White Sox also come to town from AL. 
@user the games over so flip it over to Sunday Night RAW to see the Undertaker take on JOHN CENA 
"Michael Brantley launches his 13th home run of the season. In the 8th, it's 7-3 White Sox. #tribemania #tribelive 
"Remember that all policy ideas need to be submitted by tomorrow for the policy meeting on Saturday at the Morris Hall, Shrews, @user 
@user @user ticibhfi the Katy Perry fan is talking may I take a message? 
@user -may try and poison me? Hmm?" Hannibal stood straight, he said that in an almost sarcastic tone but this was still a cat - 
CBS2-A clip of the beautiful Viola Davis...guest on tomorrow’s @user Watch at five! #thetalk 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, says that the team is not formidable but believed that it needs time for it to... 
Rivers throw a pick on 3rd and goal. Everyone here thought they would run the ball. Bolts lead 10-0 at half. 
"Starting tomorrow, we're tabling in front of Gregory Gym. Work out, work with AIESEC!" 
@user listened to unforgettable fire last night couldn't stop thinking about us in 8th grade(?) w/our U2 concert banner &amp; your mum :( 
"Bisaa RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK" 
Tom Brady hits the field Thursday night.... Let's goooo 
"Guys, the girl of your dreams may not  come in size 2. Ladies, the man of your dreams may not look like Thor. Love someone for who they are." 
Still unbelievable that Jurassic World is the 3rd highest grossing movie ever 
If we grabbed those people in the sun life stadium n place em in the orange bowl te stadium would look pack n louder 
10:15 and I'm in the Dunkin drive thru because Friday 
@user come see @user @user @user and David Taylor at PivoPivo with me next Saturday 
Didn't we find out about Briana being pregnant in like July or August? why are people acting like she's been pregnant for a year 
Replacing the screen on the Nokia 1020 went.... badly. Luckily new phone arrives tomorrow! 
Mobile News AppYea Prepping New Mobile App for Apple Watch - On Tuesday morning, MMW was briefed by the crew at Ap... 
@user down to blaze with Joe and I tomorrow? 
"Aww shucks, Randy Orton won the title shot. Well I liked the commentary building how he's going for his 13th WHC. Raising stakes is neat." 
#winnipegjets Bogosian ready to bring it on with Jets - Winnipeg Sun 
@user @user @user The 3rd is about Ice Cube's movie career, Rehab and Dre selling headphones, and, I don't know, dinosaurs?" 
No deal on an exclusive outing with @user to Friday's Astros game?! What kind of Amazon Prime Day is this?! 
I remember this one weekend I had seen fat Nick n Pouya on Friday, Disneyland on Saturday and the beach w my friends on Sunday, LIT 
Thinkin about wearing my one direction nirvana shirt (courtesy of @user tomorrow but also I dont want to be made fun of just yet 
Tomorrow I get to see Paul McCartney perform and I'm not even excited about it. #jokes 
@user I’ll see :\ I have to go to Timmonsville tomorrow afternoon and Brandon’s gonna be with me, so I’m not sure. 
Who's going to Zac Brown Band this Sunday?? 
UHHHH ok... So instead of Frank Ocean headlining Saturday at FYF it's going to be Kanye West WTF 
The fact that after I tweeted that, Max the dog sat on my cold left-out foot... 
Amen RT @user May the Universe guide Tony Romo's arms and eyes toward Jason Witten. And May Jason (cont) 
Don't know if it's been reported but several members of Arsenal's U15 team had to be put in restraints after a late night brawl in Sweden 
BOXINGEGO: Floyd Mayweather Jr and Showtime make it OFFICIAL. Mayweather vs. Berto Sept 12th Showtime PPV. 
Shaq Morris narrowed his list to Wichita State and Oral Roberts. He said he will likely make a final decision Monday. #shockers #mvc 
LEGGO GUYS! #DragMeDownDay enough with that KPOP thingy. It's time to get serious. #MTVHottest One Direction 
@user I looked it up Online George Harrison died on November 29th I didn't know 
PSA HELLO ATTENTION: Does anybody want some Ed Sheeran tickets for Nashville on the 8th? 
Free Meditation &amp; Yoga  just show up  we start at 7.30pm every Tuesday #Brighton - 
Digi with the girls is going to be a disaster tomorrow I can feel the crying already 
Old school #wrestling from the @user Don't Miss Monday's episode on Brock Lesnar defeating John Cena at... 
Jennifer Lawrence at the LAX Airport on Tuesday evening (October 14) in Los Angeles. 
@user @user @user @user not checked with Lou but 22nd def out can do 21st though. shall i text Baylis? 
Win tickets for Redskins vs the Titans. Stop by our new location at @user to sign up and win! Today at 6pm-Saturday 10pm 
"Dana White lowkey just confirmed it UFC 200 July 9, 2016 Holly Holm vs Ronda Rousey 2" 
"Steam: You may be interested in Dark Souls? Me: No. S: Dark Souls 2? M: No. S: Dark Souls 2: Scholar of the First Sin? M: Fuck it, why not." 
@user @user lol. When I.got my MOTO G 2ND GEN I got on a web address for found the type.of ph, then in..." 
"Lucky for Christians, their holy book is filled with tips &amp; tricks for convenient slave ownership. #Bible  
Kaka committed to Real Madrid: He may have been on the periphery of the Real Madrid squad since Jose Mourinho took... 
Louis and Briana being at a baby store is just a rumor he was there to buy clothes for 
Jeremy evans just posterized turiaf watch sportscenter tomorrow morning so u could see it 
"In the fog, somewhere near Milan... #iphone #train #milano #landscapes #winter #trees #fog #silhouette #sun 
Ok...that's about all I can take for today. I gotta watch sharknado in parts. I'll finish watching the rest tomorrow 
Son in law reversed into a car on Friday. Woman got out do you know this is a Bentley  know what I would have said food banks refugees GTF 
@user yeah I went to the one August 12 at the Comcast Center! Wbu? 
Dollar gains on euro amid Greek woes: New York - The euro sagged against the dollar on Thursday as the revised G... 
#Pastors consider dedicating service on Sept 27 to praying for @user &amp;for Christians persecuted around the world 
"Last Friday Night by Katy Perry is #nowplaying in Mad Hatter Hookah, Hiram.  Download it now at 
I wonder what celebrity I'd get for motivation... you may hug a shirtless David Wright if you do this #EWL #extremeweightloss 
Gucci unmentionables themselves private matter july prove to be the couple thine unique now gain so industrial... 
"According to reports, Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. Anyone surprised?!?!" 
@user going Hurricane Fly crazy with a 2/1 price on The Fly to win the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham!  
"Oliseh woos Ibe: Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh has held talks with Liverpool starlet,... #femnath" 
@user @user @user @user  Tony Blair admitted he may have Created ISIS, Every action has a reaction," 
#LA The date is approaching fast Los Angeles!!  Be sure to catch the show in Malibu on November 16 th!! Tickets... 
Ohio Governor John Kasich will be in the big GOP debate during prime time Thursday. 
Franklin is 6th in the state in HIB related suspensions. Grouped with Elizabeth City, Cherry Hill, & Phillipsburg. 
Off to Sunderland v Aston Villa Saturday.  Am sure I’ve seen the managers somewhere before... 
Tomorrow is the last day i will see Trayvon.</3 
All I really want is to Eric church to play Carolina on Friday 
@user pixels was sort of strange, inside out was amazing, and I may be seeing Paper Towns today, so I'll let you know how it is!" 
After band Wednesday night me and Kyle were playing soccer in heritage hall trying to kick it around the bandos 
"Tomorrow will be the day that Ian Holloway is a hero. He will say no to palace and he will show """"loyality"""" and we will go on to beat Derby!" 
A plea to the NCAA to revoke their new decorum rules: You may have heard during the coverage of Big Ten basketba... 
If Spurs dont win tomorrow the only consolation we will have will be another entertaining twitter breakdown from @user stay tuned folks! 
this 10 year old on the bus tryina convince me he's got an iPhone 6 Plus and I'm sat here like 
Marvel’s Phase Two Kicks Off with ’Iron Man 3’ Trailer on October 23rd #Featured #Hype #MovieNews 
"Interlaken, Switzerland May 18th to 26th (6 Nights at the Camp) 
@user and I are hosting a blood drive this Wednesday from 3:30-6:30 @ the Milan municipal building! 
@user may want to pick your brains - looking to get into iOS dev myself. 
This may have changed my mind about buying an Apple Watch.  
"Was the NFL Trolling Tom Brady on Twitter Sunday Night?: In case you missed it, a brief controversy unfolded o... 
"PHOTO FRIDAY: Kurt shot this image at the Winspear Opera House, downtown Dallas... #photography" 
The 1st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored... 
@user no but about to go to bed bc I may get called for 1st...lol. It's a lot to explain...by Ella James. Pull it up on Amazon. 
"Sun 16 Aug. We continue our series in Jonah with some challenging implications for Christians today. Clements,... 
Saturday morning Goon, the kids dying to play puck 
I'm behind on Naruto now cause I haven't seen it all day. I hope I can get to the 400's before school next Monday 
#Spurs striker Emmanuel Adebayor will miss Thursday’s #UEL game against #Lazio with a hamstring injury. 
Dethklok, All That Remains, Machine Head, and The Black Dahlia Murder at Stage AE November 8th..HIGHLY considering going to that.#heavymetal 
"On this day kast year: the 2nd team beat Lechlade 2s by 8 wickets, Ayman Mohammed starring with 4 wickets and 49 not out." 
Alex Gordon went 3-for-4 with a double and an RBI single in Saturday's loss to the White Sox. #Royals 
Think I might go to the movies on Saturday morning. Should I see Ant-Man or Inside Out? 
And it looks like Rick Perry is the 1st GOP domino to fall. 
@user I bet. They are coming to Vegas the 20th. I wanna go then. What were tickets there? 
"Bionic Commando, Dark Void, Devil May Cry 4, Resident Evil 5, 6 &amp; Op Raccoon City, Lost Planet 2, Asura's Wrath, the proof is there." 
"Janick Gers interviewed on the new Iron Maiden album, out Sept 4... 
@user @user the reason I ask is because it may be the manufacturer's fault, and they could help you. 
@user Spend your Halloween night with US!!! Movie Night in Morris hall (phase2) !!!! TOMORROW!!!! FREE FOOD!!! GAMES AND MOVIES!!!!!! 
"Hey folks, it is Words with me Wednesday and today's open discussion is:  Do you think Kanye West is eligible to... 
@user I go back next Tuesday to enrole mate I think you do too 
It may be considered heresy by some but that's never silenced me B4 so wouldn't it be better to grow w/ gay parents then to be aborted? 
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a wat.h. HE dec;des what time it is. 
"Ah June 6! Okay, then I'll just drive directly from Berlin to Rock im Park, haha" 
Also started my 2nd game to juggle alongside Dark Souls for the channel first 2 parts will be up tomorrow morning also 3 dark souls parts 
Front Line with Kamran Shahid ANP Shahi Syed 
Gucci raft inner self brass june dramatize the pair thy exceptional in link to with intense: wuqDoMjlY 
Sunday at the Pride Parade---by the look on his face Justin was 'just not ready'.@LG1043 
"#OTD 1965 Bob Dylan played 'Like a Rolling Stone' with electric guitar + rock band live for 1st time, prompting boos. 
Pop Quiz Friday: Which celebrity is the best player in Oregon football history and went by the name Bobby Moore in Eugene? 
So it's looking like Floyd Mayweather's last fight will be September 12th. I still think he fights again after that.Too much cash. #boxing 
"Nirvana is walking through Grand Rapids while the sun sets, listening to Demon Days." 
Ryan Braun hit his 252nd career HR today &amp; moved into 1st place on the #Brewers franchise HR list. He passed Hall of Famer Robin Yount. #MLB 
Tomorrow Venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 years. Forecast - #weatherbomb 
.@SemCasinoCoCo #PickSix: Dana White announcing Holly Holm's next fight won't be until a July rematch with Ronda Rousey is _____. #HomeTeam 
"David Price will have his next start moved up a day from Sunday to Saturday, Sportsnet's Barry Davis reports.  
#TurboKid is already off of Amazon prime for free? NOOO!! Bummer man .I guess my 17th watch of it is gonna be delayed a bit .@turbokidfilm 
#GIF | Niall hitting Harry in the balls last night (and was bent over for quite a while after it!) (September 1) 
Here's The Vamps info you need we open at 9am tomorrow Signing off for the night. 
Kylie Jenner Kicks Off 18th Birthday Celebration with Family Dinner -- Including Kris and Caitlyn Jenner!: Cai... 
FLAVA! You may have heard about Flava Flav but here's the story in the link below! 
"If you try to run on Josh Hamilton, you're asking to be thrown out. His bat may be deteriorating, but that arm is still there." 
Nothing much going to happen in naruto tomorrow but it's going to be the intro to more serious shit! Marada about to go crazy! 
"Flying around the world for free sounds great, but this Rolling Stone profile may make you change your mind. 
@user We think it's ridiculous that Carly Fiorina isn't on the debate. She's what 5th? She should be on the main debate stage @user 
"Presidential candidate and GOP Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Sunday defended his support of Medicaid under ObamaCare, arguing the decision was" 
Gregg Williams will attend St. Louis Rams game Sunday, ESPN reports: Jonathan Vilma points out the interesting t... 
"Journalism students, there will be an Association of Black Journalists (ABJ) meeting TOMORROW at 6:35 pm in the SJGC Lecture Hall. Be there!" 
Fact-checking Straight Outta Compton with Ice Cube: 
Watch Kim Kardashian Support Kanye West While He Auditions for 'American Idol': Kanye West may be one of the m... 
Donald Trump says if you're from Syria and a Christian, you can't come to the U.S. as a refugee via @user 
Remember when 6th grade Shawn strut into the drama club's performance of Casey At The Bat to this 
@user Rui En, hahaha. Then 2nd female lead is wang xinru. but the main person in the show is xiaogui bahs. 
So close Manningham ! 4th down Andy Lee out to punt to the jets. And the Jets offense will start at the 1 yard-line with 7:36 to go #49ers 
Rolling Stone releases the official GOP debate drinking game: The republicans will take the stage Thursday nig... 
"Alan Partridge co-hosting TFI Friday with Chris Evans is so very oh mate. Rule of thumb: If Armando isn't involved, it stinks." 
Nobunaga's Ambition: Sphere of Influence launches on PS4 tomorrow. I believe this is the PS4's first strategy title. 
Time to watch the #NJPW equivalent of Kane versus Seth Rollins from Wednesday's #G1Climax 
If this woman gets away with this there may be some serious repercussions for Christians. I can see muslimed... 
"As 19 Sep is International Talk Like a #pirate day &amp; 21 Sep is International #peace day, maybe 20 Sep could become international #irony day?" 
@user I take it you heard Ric Flair is at Dreamwave in Jan 1/2/16 
Tunisia: President Essebsi to make an official visit to Saudi Arabia on Dec 22 &amp; 23 #TnPR 
"Did you see us in the Gazette on Saturday? If you missed it, here is the electronic version 
"Is champ there? ""Who?"" ""Champ."" ""Who is Champ?"" ""That question will be answered this Sunday night when John Cena fights the Undertaker""" 
There is a place called Shiraz in Iran.  The lack of wine may make Santa sad when he reached it in 57 seconds. 
"What does &amp;apos;Bye, Felicia&amp;apos; mean? Ice Cube explains the &amp;apos;Friday&amp;apos; phrase via @user 
ME& @user  going to Phuk The City Up Sept 15. we taking it back to Fairground for #BATTLEOFTHESEXES lets see who rock men/women 
who wants to go black Friday shopping for Brentley with me ?!? lol 
Just found out about the @user production of Dickens performs A Christmas Carol, surely a must this December. 
@user Sunny Sunday, Fleetwood Mac, Community Shield...Mate you've got it all wrong lol. 
"It's Free Shipping Friday! Unless yer in Saudi Arabia, our 'eternal friend,' where it's Public Beheading Friday! Again. Whoo hoo!" 
After the Mid Tennessee vs. Western Kentucky game, I hear they’re gonna play the 2nd annual Ogalla, Nebraska Snail Chuckin’ Pageant. 
NBA league pass is free until the 7th !!! 
@user sees name at top of leaderboard for tweet of the day. Immediately has Dustin Johnson like quad bogey. Finishes tied for 12th. 
Clearwire Investor Demands Sale of Spectrum: Sprint Nextel may have designs on the struggling cellphone network ... 
Rick Perry came in behind John Kasich and will not be in the debate tomorrow. He's fallen quite a bit since being... 
First I have to go to oscars with peter and turn down custard and now grandpa bill suggests ordering pizza Sunday #deprived #cheeseplease 
During those 33 years, Iowa’s winning percentage among teams from the BCS leagues plus strong independents ranks 24th (29th on the whole) 
@user I think that may be from the blood of everyone who died so much in Dark Souls 2... 
#apple Apple's iPhone event: Join us Wednesday (live blog): The Lam Research Theater at the Yerba Buena Center f... 
"Ice Cube sits at laptop, typing.  CUBE: You got knocked the fuck out, haha!  CUBE'S WIFE: How is Friday coming along?" 
Jordan: Activists call for November 1 sit-in near Palestinian diplomatic mission in Amman to condemn the Oslo agreements 
If anybody remembers Nostradamus and his predictions. I think the mysterious leader described by him may be Narendra Modi. 
but if I wear my Jurassic World shirt then I'll be wearing a Jurassic Park shirt on Friday (it's red for pep rally) 
On the BIG phone in today - Do you agree with Angela Merkel that the UK should take in more migrants? 9am @user 
It's Game Day Saturday at Island Wing Co.: $2 Domestic Bottles (all Day)!  See it here - 
@user ha no problem was going to mention Edgar Davids but I won’t now. Where are you sat at the game? 
Gucci unmentionables unconscious mind resolution may enact the dyad yours characteristic up-to-the-minute obta... 
[Daily Bulletin] - UCLA football may move Brett Hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks @user #Bruins 
@user You want someone to fix your Xbox? What’s wrong with it? Let us know more and we may be able to help! ^LB 
"Hoda Kotb tears up about Frank Gifford on 'Today': Hoda Kotb opened Monday's 10 a.m. hour of the ""To... #business" 
"Paul Dunne found the courage to attack the 17th tee which Day, one behind, didn't. I'm sorry, I can't get over that. Hasn't been said on air" 
Diana: A Celebration ends June 10th at the @user make sure to see the collection before it leaves! 
"Following a two run triple for Daniel Murphy to make it 7-5 in the 13th, an error lands David Wright on first as Murph scores. 8-5. #NYM" 
The painting project continues today and is to be completed on Nov 10 and 17. Please join Coni in partnering to give back to the community. 
Betting sites tip the favor to Roma tomorrow, who play against Juventus. 
V-P nominee Jaswant likely to meet Jayalalithaa on August 6: ’Some of our leaders are also in touch with Trinamool Congress Chi...  #News 
"Paul Dunne shot -6 (-12) is tied for the lead into the final day tomorrow, Harrington shot a -7 (-10) &amp; is 2 off the lead. #OpenChampionship" 
@user don’t eat until friday between the hours of 5-10 and go to ricks cafe in randolph to get food, ya dig? 
Adult Summer Reading Club ends on August 4th. Make sure to log your items before the deadline: 
Cate Blanchett may star in the new Thor movie IS NOTHING SACRED ANYMORE 
Roman Abramovich has pulled the plug on a possible January bid for Falcao (Daily Star) #CFC 
#timesofindia .neymarjr may make Barca return against Malaga: Coach via TOISportsNews 
"Hopefully Ice Cube get enough money from Barbershop 3 , Ride Along 2 &amp; S.O.C to make the Last 'Friday' movie." 
Shawn take a picture with me tomorrow 
Quiet Monday night in watching Harry Potter number 6 and mentally preparing myself for the paperwork nightmare that awaits me tomorrow. 
Wheelchair shopping tomorrow.  I want one that will blare Natural Born Killaz by Ice Cube when I enter a room #firstworldhandicappedproblems 
You know, "Mommy" from The People Under The Stairs may have had been an unintentional parody of Sarah Palin when you get down to it. 
Sign up for 2013 #BeachReach before December 1st. Help us make an eternal difference in the lives of thousands of Spring Breakers!! 
Kanye West Declares He Will Run for the 2020 Presidency 
"Didn't Randy Orton defeated Sheamus last time they were on a PPV? If so, then Sheamus may pull the victory. #SummerSlam" 
@user Tulo and Hawkins just flew to Toronto on the ball Kris Bryant hit in the 9th. 
@user #CarrieHFletcher Are you going to Hype Park on the 4th?:) 
Missing half the day for the TOK speaker tomorrow and Friday is a day 6. CHILL WEEK 
RT @user Comedy central on point tonight. 
"If you need them Gucci foams let me know by Wednesday , I'm plugged in" 
Honored to have Pres.Candidates wanting to visit w @user members &amp; the community. John Kasich on Tuesday! 
@user there's just something about Sunday's that throws Dustin Johnson off. Maybe he can get back going on Monday. 
@user @user Roll on the 20th and Kerry 
@user after @user call I foresee the jackals lining up for studio visits on Thursday’s. 
"Dana White says he will vote for Donald Trump, despite controversial political comments about Muslims: He may ... 
"1st Song of the Day: ""No Hurry"" by Zac Brown Band  
Do you like David Beckham's tattoo in honor of our #treble #99? By the way, tomorrow we're playing FC Barcelona,... 
@user @user @user @user  wait it’s Thursday, Tryna have a smokeout? 
@user @user @user Oh ok, yeah I was just saying 3rd party not making many games for PS4 isn't 100% Sony's fault" 
streaming more Dark Souls (1st playthrough) right now! maybe I can make it out of blighttown? 
First record of Colin Baker at the BBC: BBC2 serial The Roads to Freedom. Part 5 - shown 1 Nov 1970. #DoctorWho 
Halftime here at the San Siro. still 0-0. can the 2nd half produce goals? 
Going to a bulls game with Aaliyah & hope next Thursday 
"Edith Bowman, Cherie Blair, Barbara Windsor watch as @user struts her stuff at the Breast Cancer Care Fashion Show @user on Oct 3" 
My office just announced they will not be closing Fri. or Mon. surrounding the Pope visit. They are crazy if they think anyone will come in. 
"Average attendance for Serie A clubs so far this season. Milan 5th with 34,338 [via @user 
HTC Announces Two New Smartphones - the Radar and the Titan: HTC announced two new Windows 7 smartphones today a... 
"RT @user QFE: And we must do it again tomorrow. By @user Gandhi, The Tea Party and the Future of America 
Heard another story of a guy buying Twilight Struggle for his 1st game because it's top of BGG. 1 reason Pandemic Legacy should supplant it. 
@user Yeah that's what I heard. Big Call of Duty player and all of the new maps come out for PS4 first so may move across. 
@user if the FHD screen of Yureka Plus is better than Moto G 3rd Gen? 
Lady Gaga out and about in New York City (December 11th) - 
Oh gosh, we’re playing Taylor Allderdice tomorrow. Scouting report says they just got a new left mid who goes by the name of Wiz Khalifa 
So Brock Lesnar is just going to throw every single person on the roster into the sun? Great. #RAW 
I’m tired but I’m not... I may watch the end of Zombieland just because Tallahassee is my spirit animal ADKAHSK; 
@user @user nirvana may be the face of grunge but they didn't create it. Df may have many hands in but they aint 90% responsible 
"I know Kris Bryant can play 3rd and play it well, but I just don't think he has the instinct to play it at the level others can. #Cubs" 
Kina Grannis will perform tonight! See you there! August 8 / 8PM at Teatrino Promenade.   BUY YOUR TICKETS NOW... 
@user yo homie we hosting fights in Philly on Saturday if your around.. Dana White gonna be in the building 
This has to be the 30th time grown ups has been on FX in the past 3 weeks 
I’m pretty sure if someone said I can give you a cute boyfriend or free Olive Garden every Saturday that I’d choose the garden #NoShame 
"The Ronda Rousey-Holly Holm rematch will take place July 9 at UFC 200, Dana White told the LA Times. 
@user [Wanda sat down where Thor was sitting, while he took Lucas to his room]" 
I was a Donald Trump supporter for PResident but then I heard John Kasich make some good point so now so I switched - said no one tomorrow 
Gucci bags jiva prospects january generate the distich yours persona on speaking terms subtraction until for i... 
@user September 3rd is the 1st Alabama game! #RollTide 
Watch a live video stream of the special event online or via Apple TV starting at 10:00 a.m. PDT. ---> 
Register today for SPUR SJ's June 27 forum with The New Yorker's David Owen (http://t.co/lCJBWcEE)! Sign-up here:http://t.co/omR44CWq 
Mourinho says he has rejected 2 offers to take charge at PSG  - and that he was 1st choice for the job before Ancelotti's appointment . Sun 
"New Extended Promo For THE VAMPIRE DIARIES Season 6 Episode 4: """"Black Hole Sun"""": Stefan left Enzo in quite the... 
Got 2 tickets to the Foo Fighters concert in Indy (Noblesville) on August 27. DM me if you're interested. 
Isn't that what a Bruce Jenner nephews call him? Ant-Man wins box office for 2nd weekend with $24.8M @user 
"On this day in September 8, 2014~ #RAW: Roman Reigns vs. Randy Orton  
"India vs West Indies 4th ODI at Dharamsala: Ajinkya Rahane out for 68: Oct 17, 2014 India lost the wicket of A... 
The #SPX had to close below 1846 for the 125 day MAV to turn down. The uptrend survives. Tomorrow SPX will have to rise to prevent neg MAV 
Queer Eye for the Messiah Guy - Many modern Christians may be surprised to learn that in the time after the resurr... 
@user @user Are there going to be standing tickets for sale for The Vamps on Saturday? 
I’m going to destructo at Rise in Boston, MA - Sep 28 
Biden on 2016 run: "I just don't know": Vice President Joe Biden made his first public comment Thursday about ... 
@user Yashan from BBC @user the VPN access on IOS may be limited during China's military parade? Any chance to have a chat on that? 
"No it's cool Milan, tie the 19th and 20th placed teams back to back that's fine" 
Does anyone want to come with me to see Ted Nugent speak at freedom hall tomorrow. It’s free 
@user Speaking of Mark Cuban... are you going to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow? :-) 
Donald Trump may have just secured a prime-time debate spot for Carly Fiorina  #gapol 
Just because the sex tape may be of Briana doesn't mean Louis isn't the dad like come on.... 
So who was at Gin Mill on Saturday night? Apparently the Cold War Kids were there hanging out 
Sam Smith 'Joining @user in the @user Live Lounge for #R1LiveLoungeMonth! Tune in Sept 16th from 11am' #Caracal #OMEN @user 
"Lady Gaga - ""Applause"" - Empire of the Sun Remix my new single #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga 
Dear future Shawn you're going to be so hungover tomorrow 
So I just saw the commercial 4 Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL World Tour by Cirque du Soleli is going to be here July 20 & 21 @user 
Going to the Social Media week in Chicago tomorrow morning. Will be bouncing between Trib Tower, Illini center & DePaul all day! #SMWChicago 
@user sits down with a Sunday conversation with The Big Bang Theory's Johnny Galecki. #TBBT 
@user I’m going to blockbuster tomorrow to get Devil Inside if that’s okay??;) 
Bruh like was this the DJ from Club Bodi i swear i heard the same music Thursday night lol 
Ferry Corsten at Space tonight ahhhhhhhhhh think I may just have to go for one after work ;) 
Reality TV show about the Salt Lake City co. Ballet West starts Thur. on cw11.... 
@user If you don't support a 5th season of #Metalocalypse I will be forced to give my entire 2.6 billion dollar fortune to Netflix. 
Want to win tix to see Ben Sollee for tomorrow night at the Peel? Email Sadie@981theriver.com for you shot at tix. 
Playing with Fluke tomorrow night in The Sailors Return. #Weymouth. #live gig. 
WASHINGTON -- In what could be a bid for a post in a future Donald Trump administration, Sarah Palin emerged out of the weeds on Sunday 
"Frank Ocean should just wait until winter to drop his album now, I have a feeling it may be needed then" 
So my dad wants to buy tickets for UFC 195 on January 2nd just to watch Rousey end her fight in 30 seconds 
"This Thursday, Randy Orton speaks out about being SWA's first ever Heavyweight Champion. What does he have to say? 
Dallas Mavericks 1st Round Draft Pick Jared Cunningham could be heading to the D League when the season starts (Source: ESPN) 
I fancy Anderson to eventually run out of puff if Murray can take the 3rd set. Big IF. 
Two of the shows from our Bethnal Green tour this Sat @user and @user are featured in @user @user freebie! 
Broncos beat Saints during Sunday Night Football: Broncos won 34 to 14 over the New Orleans Saints on Sunday Night... 
But some of ya need to calm down, there just snippets! And besides we get to hear them on iTunes on Monday so it’s not really a big deal! 
Dir. Gen. Alan Hoffmann and Chairman of the Board of Governors Jim Tisch have brought #TLVBOG to a close. See you in February in Jerusalem! 
@user @user I do disagree, but lets accept it for a moment, would you have opposed Good Friday because of support for IRA?" 
"How much they hate it, very Kiss girls like Katy Perry I am never sprung but I Springer, Jerry Dont try this at home, results may vary #Bars" 
#ProgrammableWeb Will Oracle Finally Put its Tax On Android:  On June 26, the U.S. Supreme Court dumped the wh... 
@user @user Nintendo needs some more 3rd party reps, but at the same time that's what makes them pure. 
"In the playoffs, there are no favourites. -  @user speaking on #GameOn @user ahead of tomorrow's clash with the Bulls!" 
Are you reaaaady??? @user 26km run tomorrow: BelAir to SM Sta. Rosa via Greenfield City. Gotta sleep now. #boom 
@user that pout may work with daddy but it doesn't work at Big Brother lmao!!!! 
@user  Going intn med overdrive with Chynna and Rousey. Symptoms. : / Wondering if fleas may b catalyst. Grr!  Coffee time! HUGSXO 
it's been a month since I met Harry and Niall wow I just realized its the 26th today 
@user will pop down after work then, am only in murray on Saturday! Why it changed?  Ps, fancy Amsterdam? 
Steve Jobs biography may be available in time for the iPad 3 
Paul Dunne may be the solo leader very soon.... 
"Get ur tix now for FATBOY SLIM , we are doing the new live visual set before him . So see u at KL LIVE this saturday 14 july" 
It's astounding the difference in Dustin Johnson's game during the 1st and 2nd rounds of a major compared the 3rd and 4th rounds 
Turkey to pull troops from Iraq: Turkey announced Saturday it would withdraw its troops from Ira... ff: gospelgee 
. @user says activists are planning to march to the SC to petition the SC for mercy to Yakub... 
Nigeria may parade a weakened team against Ghana on tuesday as most of the first players are yet to secure UK entry visas 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich is set to round out the Republican presidential field Tuesday when he formally announces his White House bid. 
Pretense promoting ibm machine accessories november have place sound the clobber oneself sexual desire vice plug!: UDIqh 
I'm sure Murray will win the 3rd set but not sure if he would win the match. 
I need someone to take me to see Paper Towns either tonight or tomorrow 
"RIP Jordan Farmar NBA career 2006-2012. From being the 26th overall pick, 2x NBA champ to the Nets to It's final resting place in Istanbul." 
"Kejriwal: On odd dates, cars with odd regn. no. will play &amp; on the even dates even number will Rahul Gandhi: Sunday ko kya karoge uncle?" 
"RT @user If you haven't decided where to watch the match tonight yet, join ESPN's @user and I at the Fountain Court at Clar ..." 
"Ortiz nearly hits career homer No. 496. Instead, it goes off top of the CF wall for an RBI double off Gomez. 5-2 Red Sox in 7th. #Phillies" 
Conor McGregor and Team Europe vs. Urijah Faber and Team America in the new season of TUF. Features 155lbs fighters and debuts Wed Sept 9th. 
"Paul Dunne after birdie on 10: ""Cool to lead the Open on the back nine on Sunday. A different kind of Sunday, but...""" 
"Kris Bryant quickly goes 0-2, works the count full, then hits hits 2nd home run of the day to dead center. #BryantForROY" 
Pop in to the Gladstone Hotel with Mommy and strollers for free coffee and socializing mon-fri 10:00 a.m. to 4:00... 
@user If you find someone on D-1 please share.  I may try to do some with Wichita St. and their opponents this season. 
@user @user see you tomorrow Donny 
@user why does the Sunday host assume Latinos don't like/know Bernie Sanders?  We do know and like Bernie S. claro que si 
"Super Eagles of Nigeria will commence training sessions tomorrow, Sept 1, in preparation for the all-important (AFCON) qualifier v Tanzania." 
@user in Zimmerman! C’mon. And then she was talking to Jenny about the retreat like she was there and she wasn’t! 
Four Lions is on C4 at 9pm Sunday if you haven't seen it 
"Tomorrow on D&amp;C we will speak with Tom Brady, react to his dad's domination of Chip Franklin &amp; discuss to Kirk's evisceration of Peter King." 
According to Rolling Stone the Straight Outta Compton OST will not be released August 1st but @user will anounce the release Date Saturday. 
Sam Smith confirmed for new Bond theme. What rhymes with Spectre though? Hectare? Deck chair at a push 
george harrison wrote here comes the sun in eric claptons garden like if this makes anyone else happy we need to be bestfriends 
Mascherano and Messi, who didn't start for ARG against BOL on Friday, are expected to start the friendly against MEX on Tuesday. [via sport] 
"Tomorrow, September 13th 8pm-midnight Cafe Asia , link to buy a ticket if you're interested will follow this tweet" 
@user @user looks interesting but I've ALWAYS ended up back on iOS keyboard, always glitches with iOS 8/9 3rd party ones 
"Let's hope it's not!! Look for ""The Book of Souls"" from Iron Maiden This Friday September 4th!! \m/\m/ Listen to... 
"Why don't we just tag on """"may have Ebola"""" any time we refer to someone. """"The patriots, who all may have contracted Ebola, won last night""""" 
Observers from UN, EU, CW, send to CoNi , according to this observers what the Maldivian have seen live and on TVs on 7 feb are day dream, 
"I will be a guest on Anthony Zepeda's radio show, Bridging the Gap,  tomorrow night 9pm est on... 
GUYS WERE ARE 17TH PLACE AND JUST YESTERDAY WE WERE 16TH PLACE PLEASE KEEP VOTING. WHAT'S WRONG? Make the boys proud! #MTVStars The Vamps. 
Michael Brantley hit his 13th home run of the season in a loss against the White Sox on Tuesday. #Indians 
"So Friday at Onyx there was a bachelor party & the best man tells the bachelor, ""You getting married tomorrow!"" The bachelor says..." 
Just read that there may be a "RVD Farewell Tour" similar to the one Ric Flair had up too Wrestlemania 24.... 
"now that Soundset is over, PRODUCERS, don't forget to have your beats submitted by June 13th for the CTB/MN project." 
Rockets today with NEW team of Asik, Jeremy Lin, and James harden!!!! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party 
@user ""Naruto, I think it may be a bad idea to continue, unless you really want me to.""" 
By the invested by Real Madrid. I announce David De Gea will be paraded at 1pm Spanish local time tomorrow. Ameen. 
@user Yea gonna watch Family Guy for a bit and try one last time in about half hour, if not i'll wait til morning i think" 
so uh remember how I said the sign-ups to the next Naruto tournament will be towards the end of the month? Well that may be a lie. 
"On this day: 20 June 1987, Congressman Jack Kemp speaks at The National Right to Life Convention in New Orleans,... 
Cowboys will beat the falcons sunday nite I GUARANTEE IT 
@user Groundhog Day? He just keeps seeing JT Snow rounding 3rd over and over and over and over...#marlinsmysteryfanrevealed 
@user I've brought one of David Bowie cds today the 30th anniversary edition  and night night x 
interesting that Kerry wouldn't go across town to join the Charlie Hebdo march. 
"Rick Majerus coached Ball State 2 years, '88-89 team went 29-3 beat Pitt for the school's 1st NCAA Tournament win." 
It's only the 5th day of school and I already don't wanna go but nicki wants me to so I'm going 
"RT @user After Hours tonight - Jammin, Dimples, Durrty Skanx, Harry Shotta, Byron & Romo audio download: BIG!" 
It's the 5th pic Zayn posted today.... he posted this on FB  ok man r u gonna kill me 
"Meet me TONIGHT at Cultural Friday, Calle Ocho, Miami. I'm right at front of Dominoes' Park, by the Tower... 
It feels like Friday.. I been all over Starkville today, just cruisin n shit 
Motorola Rolls Out 'Moto Xpress' Doorstep After-Sales Service: After launching the much awaited Moto G (3rd Ge... 
@user The woman speaks the truth .....For the ""ROT"" of Islam may grind slow but it grinds exceedingly small enabling it to fester" 
Meanwhile David Price 2-0 with ERA under 1.... 
Gucci gob alterum self-command may lay bare the set of two your mortal irruptive magnification toward experien... 
"""""I’m not Mexican on cinco de mayo, I’m not black in Feb & I’m not Chinese on the Chinese New Year so you’re not Irish on st. Patrick’s day.""""" 
Not hating on Serena and she is 1 of the all time greats but @user called her the greatest and she's not 
Supreme Court rules against clerk in gay marriage case: The Supreme Court on Monday ruled against the Kentucky... 
@user @user Kendrick is going to outshine Cole on this collab album tbh. He already did it on Black Friday. 
Don’t forget tomorrow’s Girls Night w/Tia & Tamera 9e/6p, Girlfriend Confidential:L.A. 10e/p & Chelsea Lately with Kristin Chenoweth 11e/8p 
Seth Rollins may have the biggest ego in the @user #RAW #WWE 
Boehner proposes Obama speech be on the same night as NFL opening night...  
My plan for today consists of:  1) Doing some art 2) Watching X Factor from Saturday 3) Putting the clothes out 
Harry Redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as Blackburn manager today. However, QPR may have begun courting him already... 
Dustin Johnson has had the lead in the 1st round in the last 3 majors. He continues to be the pick as the best player who hasn't won a major 
"August 28th, the day we finally get to hear what Ice Cube has got to say" 
What Happened After Monday&amp;#8217;s RAW with Brock Lesnar? 
@user Hello. I'm filling in for Ira. May I know more of your concern for assistance? I'm here to help as well. Thank you. 
Sources say Arab League Sec-Gen Azzam Pasha has asked Arab governments to resume war with Israel in support of Egypt [25 Dec 48] 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) on Wednesday said that he would like to get rid of teachers' lounges to reduce how much... 
I’m going to Everclear at Backstage Live in San Antonio, TX - Nov 8 
Still waiting to hear from the BBC re the number of complaints about the #Panorama programme ...  @user  
@user There will be some road closures on Saturday for the Pride Parade, details can be found here: 
Are you fed up of this rainy summers day? Why not take a look at what Prince George wore when the sun was still out?  
I wish Ron Jaworski was still in the Monday Night Football booth. I enjoy Tirico and Gruden, I just think that Jaws offered a lot too. 
The Rolling Stone says he smokes an 'early morning joint' regularly Keith Richards may have quit cocaine nearly a... 
@user @user @user hi, would you know about the George  Benson show tomorrow at Eko Hotel? How can one get tickets?" 
@user What is a tree’s favourite day of the Christian calendar? Ash Wednesday #LOLLE 
PHOTO: Cyborg calls out Rousey - 'How about April?' 
"Saya mengirim 166 foto di Facebook dalam album """"JAVA JAZZ on the MOVE, Supermall Karawaci"""" 
Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is ready to snub Chelsea and wait for a mega-deal at the end of the season. (The Sun) #JUVENTUS #CFC 
I wonder if this kind of heckling will happen tomorrow when Harper holds events in #PEI? What say you, Islanders? 
@user @user Hahahhah,  yeah.  He’ll burn the shyte ouuta you.  Truust me. & JACOB.  IMA GETCHU TOMORROW. 
"Enda Kenny with racist Hulk Hogan. Hey WTF! Hulk Hogan, Denis O'Brien, Pinochet's mate Thatcher...Fine Gael love $$s 
Jerry Garcia / Grateful Dead -  CNN report from the evening of August 9, 1995 I was watching 
In the 5th meeting of the sisters at the US Open, Serena defeats Venus to advance to the semis 
@user For PS3 and PS4 users outside of North America and Asia, you should be able to access Night Operations on September 8th." 
Seth Rollins breaks John Cena's nose on 'WWE Monday Night Raw' but the fight continued on 
I’m going to Cypress Hill at Open Air Gampel Festival in Gampel, Switzerland - Aug 18 
May d Almighty ALLAH in his infinite mercy use dis set of service chiefs as the tool 2 end d Boko Haram menace on our land. @user 
"I've read the book several times, so watching ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" as a refresher before ""To Set a Watchman"" novel is released on Tuesday" 
@user lmaooo not even it was most def in like 8th grade I think ? When I went to Berkmar ! 
Independence Day 2 and The Mummy reboots are both set for June 24th 2016. Talk about a day of nostalgia. 
New York Giants: Game-by-Game Predictions for the 2nd Half of the Season 
"You should come watch ""The Devil Inside"" in the movie room on the 1st floor @user 
Jonathan Lucroy walks with one down in #Brewers 1st but Ryan Braun grounds into 4-6-3 double play. It's 0-0 after one. 
Come to the Petrolia Farmers Market tomorrow to pick up the last of your long wknd food supplies! 
"I've rehearsed, eaten 3 Tim Tams, 1 packet of cheese twisties, @user has not been transferred to Real Madrid &amp; it rained a lot. Sept 1st" 
Holm isn't quite ready for Rousey. But I'm with @user  
Last, U-School HC said the next member of the Bomb Squad will be 9th grader Sam Bruce, nephew of Isaac Bruce #2016Prospect @user 
"every tweet i see tomorrow about jersey shore, im tweeting 10 times about the nfl season opener." 
CRM Suzanne stopping off @user with Briana spreading the news of our recruitment day 15 December 
Thank you @user for producing a special on the Planned Parenthood fetal body part scandal to be aired tomorrow night. #PPSellsBabyParts 
Credit where it's due that is a good ball by Mason but I would say the ball is made by Kane's run. He'll score 2 in the 2nd half. 
#businessinsider The State Department may have rewarded a key player in the Iran deal by lo... #news @user 
Vote & nominate Selena at the People’s Choice Awards, learn how: ~> Voting time will close TOMORROW! Last day to vote! 
"Kris Bryant comes through in the 1st. His single plates a pair, before he's thrown out at 2B. #Cubs lead it 2-0 through a half inning." 
I’m hosting the Day party @ Spartacus Friday From 2-6 and then @ Spy in Raleigh that night! 
The Safeco Field roof is being closed as #Rangers open the 11th with back-to-back singles. Runners on the corners for Josh Hamilton. 
Chapman throws his 104 mph knuckleball striking out the AL to end the 8th but Ryan Braun comes back with a triple for the NL and scores 
Wait Spring Breakers is coming out March 5th....is that a worldwide release date or only in the US? 
"Oh you know, just making sure my schedule tomorrow allows me to watch SHARKNADO 3" 
Cate Blanchett was channelling her Hollywood style as she flew out to LA with her family on Monday wearing a fedora hat and over-sized 
On a Saturday, in Zimmerman, I watched it begin again 
Karlie Kloss celebrates 23rd birthday by baking cake: Karlie Kloss at the New York premiere of 'Paper Towns' o... 
Black Triangle Sighting in Perryton, Texas on October 20th 2012 - Black object that obscured the sky and stars: ... 
"in Turin, from 3rd row South i didn't see much of U2 but i can tell you each brand of phones and cameras there were." 
"Lollapalooza 2015 day one: Paul McCartney is in a feisty mood: Reports from Friday, day one at Lollapalooza in... 
So no Dublin show for U2 in Nov ? Here's the setlist from show in Turin on Friday night - what do you think ? 
Dustin Johnson leads PGA right now.  Remember: it was a grounded iron on the last hole on Sunday that cost him last time #WhistlingStraits 
"All request Friday...  Dedicate to @user  Her fav @user tune... Iron Maiden,  Fear of the Dark... QUEEN of Darkside always" 
"Mishra, Roy, Pant Hope they don't carry the Hindutva tint in judgements. For Yakub, For Life!! 
Bobcats open tomorrow night avaunt the Pacers 
@user Disregarding that...I mean, c'mon. Seriously... Nintendo. Japan. In the 80s. You really think they went that route? 
"And that folks, is what Sunday Church meetings of Christians are all about, weekly repair / maintenance and... 
Friday Find-A-Friend: <3 <3 <3 is all Sam the Labrador does and <3 <3 <3 is all he asks for in return. #dontshopadopt 
So theres a Jordan’s release tomorrow at Florida Mall, am I going to be a sneaker head and go get them ?? 
I don't give a fuck about mma but Conor McGregor is Irish and plus he sat next to me at nandos  once soooo 
"The first time I got hit on I was 10, at the Polish festival by the rides. 2nd time I was 11 at the mall and he asked for my #" 
@user yes I just watched it. It comes in ABC and yes I think it would be. New episodes come on ABC at 9:00 every Thursday 
All I wanna do is see Jason Aldean on the 23rd w/ @user @user and @user someone force Jill to go 
Durant will demand a trade after the Heat win their 3rd straight title 
Convinced my sister that Zayn will appear in the background of the #DragMeDownMusicVideo  if she watches it 20+ times This is her 6th view 
"Bleach is strangely in the top 10 for most faved anime above both Naruto series by a fair bit, but the manga is 3rd, 10k behind Naruto at #1" 
@user The item may be sold by a number of sellers or Amazon directly which could change delivery estimations. Do you have a link? ^KW 
Cuse is canceling class after 1ish today and all day tomorrow #BreakingNews 
@user Derby’s in May my marathon can happen anytime of the year lol 
"if it wasnt for Scooter, may be there wont be Purpose or worse there wont be a Justin Bieber anymore." 
Feel the warmth in the sky at first sight i felt the energy of sun rayysss 
@user  Is there any improvement In the European weather. I need sun and heat. I have developed webbed feet here in Scotland! 
Anybody with a pass wanna go to Disneyland with me tomorrow? Lol 
after seeing @user tweet about watching The Vow, I think I may need to watch it. 
@user Hey Shawn is there any chance you can give me a hint on what zombie map you will be playing tomorrow? #ZombieSlayerSunday 
Golam Globus-OK-here's the deal: I may not like this movie. Except it has Chuck Norris in it. :-)) 
"Is anyone going to the US Open tennis tournament today? If so, Niall and Liam may show up again if not both of them Niall may .x" 
Tryna get in the bed witha..and put my 3rd leg inna 
"Chalupny, Press &amp; Johnston throwing out 1st pitch at White Sox game tonight 
Apple Watch sales sluggish but will catch on, says analyst: Is the Apple Watch a flop so far? Hmm, that may or may not be the case. B... 
@user They didn't believe the Sun for a single second about Louis becoming a dad but they believe the Sun on anything to do with Zayn 
15 feminine stars who may make a just right boyfriend | Oh! Kpop stars celebrity news and gossip! 
Snap I totally forgot that I just have to get through tomorrow and then I'm going to Houston for a long weekend and to see Ed Sheeran. 
Start your week off right. Monday night is Food Trucks at Art Park. Click the link for all the info:... 
"Started following Paul Dunne, @user on Friday. He had 950 followers. Right now he's at 13,400." 
"Sorry David Wright, this night belongs to the GOAT #HistoryWithAnExclamationPoint 
"A smartphone review that the tech press needs to read twice, obviously great for consumers too: Moto G 3rd gen review 
.@krishamoud When Chuck Norris claps his hands twice the sun turns off. 
What a final round we have ahead of us tomorrow. Am Paul Dunne part of a 3-way tie for the lead at -12. Spieth 1 back. 25 within 7 shots 
UEFA Women’s Champions League update, including @user scoring in a game with lots of Americans: 
Tina Fey to co-host 2013 Golden Globes: London, Oct 17 : `30 Rock’ star Tina Fey is set to reunite with fellow U... 
Avril Lavigne says after debuting spring line for Abbey Dawn she may make own wedding dress 
"Bruce Dickinson on top form with Book of Souls, not enjoyed an Iron Maiden album on 1st listen this much since A Matter of Life and Death." 
"AS Roma announce that midfield maestro De Rossi will hold a press conference in the Eternal City, at 3pm tomorrow. #MCFC" 
"1,001,940 people could have seen 'Muslims in Nepal' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl" 
@user @user he's making an album with Kendrick and Drake... it drops sometime in February 
Capricorn rules the 10th Zodiac house in sidereal Astrology. Practical. Leaders. Make things happen.. Managers. 
"I think i may work on buying complete manga, like Fullmetal Alchemist or Naruto, I'm just not sure yet" 
@user @user  travelling to Leicester from Ipswich to check out DMU with Bex, third Saturday on the trot visiting unis" 
"Today on the Jasmine Brand: Lil Wayne Says Atl Crowd Sux, Beyonce in Part 2 of WTT Trailer + Rihanna Straddles Old Man 
@user  u flaze now I'll just go Friday with justin 
Comment passed by @user to the effect that MATRON is a dead ringer for Caitlyn JENNER. He may have a point. 
Meet the Dragon’s Den at Social Media Week in #Vancouver on Sept 28 
I hope my Dean Ambrose stuff comes today if not it's supposed to come tomorrow 
"RT @user For those who haven't heard, Lady Gaga has attended Britney Spears' Femme Fatale Tour tonight! GodgaLovesGodney" 
"Sanders:DNC Responsibe For Data Breach  Little Debbie's 1st alliegance is to Israel, 2nd to Hils &amp; the Dem. Party." 
Niall posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so I scrolled and there was Zayn's beautiful face thank u 
@user and todd!! Need to see it! Might watch it tomorrow night! Firework central round here tonight #broxburnmorons 
Might go get a PS4 with @user tomorrow 
"John Cena Body Slams Jon Stewart Like He's Amy Schumer In Trainwreck!: He kinda had it coming! On Sunday, Jon ... 
Federal Reserve stands firm on bond-buying program: The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday that it is standing fi... 
TONIGHT: Brock Lesnar returns to Monday Night #RAW for the first time since his brawl with The Undertaker. #RAWPreShow 
"Hi Everyone! Our NEW 'Nirvana' Mix is out on iTunes tomorrow, but you can Listen to it EARLY by clicking this... 
So bummed I'm not going to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean tomorrow 
Just a gentle reminder that this years Polish Festival is on the 18th of November 
Boston leads Toronto 5-1 in the top of the 5th. The Red Sox are about 10-12 runs away from a safe lead. 
Presuming Calibraska isn't going to be a pre-order anymore and will just drop 24th 
Typical Sat with the team (@ NJ National Guard Armory for Meek Mill, Machine Gun Kelly, Vado and Funkmaster Flex) 
"If David Price put up similar production over next 7 years that he has over 1st 7+ seasons, is he a hall of fame pitcher?" 
Thepchaiya Un-Nooh retakes THAT final black on TFI Friday with Chris Evans and Daniel Radcliffe!  #baizeofglory 
[VIDEO] EXO-M's Tudou interview + Luhan & Chen sing What Is Love!: EXO-M's latest interview with Tudou!Pretty im... 
"""""@champssports: A decade later and still the Lebron X ’Blue Diamond’ available in select stores tomorrow.  These! >>>>" 
Mike Dean will be the Referee for  the London Derby game tomorrow. Chelsea without John Terry and Martin Atkinson might struggle. #COYS 
@user me too but Zayn was just on a break at 1st too so idk I'm still super scared 
@user @user if he can play then I hope he plays against barca, on the 20th 
Real Madrid's Karim Benzema denies reports he came close to joining Arsenal 
@user not great Sam Smith there he is quality still be a good day I'd say, especially tomorrow if it's as sunny as it says" 
@user Merry Mart Sun is at the Creative Alliance! 
when it's September 13th and you still eating Labor Day leftovers 
"Rock royalty in town: Dave Grohl's Foo Fighters, with openers Royal Blood,  at First Niagara tomorrow.  @user 
In Context: What Scott Walker said about a Canada wall 
Due up for #Nats in the bottom of the 5th:  Werth (0-2, .225)  Rendon (2-2, .268)  Harper (0-2, .334) 
@user mine just went back to Nikon for the 4th time- 3 for shutter bounce- came back the other day with a scratched baseplate- fun. 
"Seinfeld broke several conventions of mainstream television. It is often described as being "a show about nothing"" 
Really don't know how I am going to wake up at 4 am and work both jobs tomorrow haha:-)))))))) I guess I really will be running on Dunkin 
AVB Reveals Latest Plans For January: Andre Villas-Boas says he has sent scouts around the world to see if the T... 
Mantova-Milan: The Rossoneri squad: Here is the squad of Milan. AC Milan face Mantova F.C. on Thursday evening... 
@user definately, I was hoping we'd get a 3rd part with a Ho age Naruto &amp; more Byakugan development.. The last movie sort of did it" 
"If Brendan Ryan were on the Dodgers w/ David Price the opposing pitcher, and purposely swung at a 2-0 fastball w/ 1st and 3rd and down 5..." 
This is the 2nd time Caitlyn Jenner has committed manslaughter #BruceJenner 
@user which was declared unconstitutional by SCOTUS as a violation of the 14th Amendment...so that's been settled. 
I hope Hulk Hogan is the 3rd member 
"Strange thing about being (really) fair-skinned: Under the sun, I sparkle like a fucking Twilight vampire." 
New York hit three homers during an eight-run 2nd inning and five HRs for the game to top the Red Sox 13-8. New... 
Kinder Morgan Foundation grants of $1000-$5000 for education are due the 10th of each month. 
Wait is the jelly and Michael episode that Shawn is on tomorrow new??? 
Fly on the Wall [Remaster] by AC/DC (CD, Jul-2003, Epic (USA)) #music 
Seeing @user tomorrow for the #LetItShow in Wilkes-Barre at the Kirby Center with some friends!!! :) See you tomorrow Cody! :* 
"When @user walked off, Shawn sat down on one of the benches in the hallway. Having a real relationship was so new to him and he +" 
"Showing he's different, @user ""called for a coalition involving Saudi Arabia and Qatar..."" 
5 teams contact the Blackhawks about Kane... they dont seem to care they may lose him if he's charged ... winning that important to teams? 
"Update: Still raining. In the meantime, you can read about how Kris Bryant's view on sliding may have changed Sunday: 
"When our love for something or someone takes us out of the boundaries of Islam, that love that may once have been... 
Does anyone want to come and see Paul McCartney with me in October? 
IBM's Spectrum Protect named Gartner's "Leaders" Quadrant for Enterprise Backup Software: A Leader for the 10th time 
"And on the very first play of the night, Aaron Rodgers is INT'd by UDFA CB Brandian Ross, who returns it for a pick-six touchdown." 
Cardinals Wainwright tried to mimic Kershaw's mechanics. Realized that after he tried dragging out his delivery leg kick. In wain of the 7th 
Cold pizza and Mass Effect 3. I want my leg healed!! Going to look up some voodoo shit. I’ll be walking, jumping and running tomorrow. 
@user Chris Evans may just as well have a wank and be done with it. 
#WWE #WrestlingNews WWE Raw Preview (7 September Taping): Seth Rollins's Feud with John Ce... #Wrestling #WWENEWS 
"If Real Madrid's appeal to Uefa and LFP for the De Gea transfer is successful, he'll join them tomorrow. Yikes." 
Cyborg saw Rousey's numbers and how she was trending and all of a sudden she can make 135lbs by December lmao 
"Tribe Uses Homers to Set Sale; Indians 3, White Sox 2: The Indians beat Chris Sale and the White Sox, 3-2, Mon... 
"NEXT: Latest on the 2nd nurse to test positive for Ebola, Aaron Rodgers meets his look-alike, &amp; @user with your forecast." 
"Floyd Mayweather defeated Manny Pacquiao in an unanimous decision on Saturday night, with all three judges in Las Vegas agreeing on a" 
@user  hard to believe, huh? RT @user Watched my 1st episode of Mad Men (the pilot) on an iPad. Second episode up next." 
Why am I just learning that Kim Kardashian and Kanye west named their 2nd child Saint? 
Unless Apple also announces they've acquired Nintendo, I've got no fucks to give about any console ambitions they may have 
@user from the Information Point either on Saturday at the Copthorne Hotel 12noon-4pm, or from the NIA on Sunday morning from 7am." 
@user @user @user @user Gore lost the election 3 weeks before the SCOTUS took Bush v Gore. 10th Amendment argument fails 
Frank ocean's album really came out on the 30th smh why he so sneaky 
St. Marys' Michelle Bauer won the girls cross country race vs. Kane and Bradford in 19:21. Amanda Foster of St. Marys was 2nd at 21:10. 
Our #GeorgeGalloway has always been right about #ChilcotReport and Tony Blair's role in death of #uk soldiers  
@user AAs being regulated to Feb I agree with you. Malcolm X being taught in 2nd grade I can go either way on. 
24in. Haman Head Pinata - Purim Jewish Holiday Party Game: Celebrate Purim with this Haman pinata! This pinata m... 
@user #987ActOfAwesome I just broke my iPhone ... Tomorrow is my birthday. PLEASE GIVE ME THAT SAMSUNG ! :) 
I want to sleep but Briana loves typing like there's no freaking tomorrow 
@user I work at the LA in Alsip but that xsport offered me a job. Got an interview tomorrow 
"GALLERY: Bellusci was our goalscorer on Saturday, here is a photo gallery from the game #lufc 
White Collar returns in January??? Are you kidding me?! >:-[ 
@user FPS Russia penis reservations, he’s already doing 5 chicks today maybe we can fit you in tomorrow ? 
@user @user my 13 yr old cousin didnt know Ice Cube was a rapper...just an ""superstar actor""  from the Friday movies lol" 
I wonder if Billy Joe Armstrong (Green Day) gets woken up every October 1st. That joke would be funny the first time but prob get annoying. 
Free dress day tomorrow, well lsu or Alabama shirt with jeans 
#nowplaying And the Sun Will Shine - Bee Gees #foobar2000 
So Ice Cube can give us Ride Along 2 but he can't give us another Friday movie with Chris Tucker. 
Tomorrow night: Practice with the @user team, black vs gold baseball game, & a Mizzou vs SC volleyball game. #OneMizzou 
@user @user Its not... Nicki garnered the success she has today because of what her 2nd album entailed AND the look. 
@user may Allah protect all Muslims ummah from the oppressors 
"august is hot for albums. watch the throne. red album, and tha carter IV. #toomuch" 
Sat’s KIDS’ CLUB is a Halloween special! LABYRINTH (PG) with spooky treasure hunt+ activities from 10:30am. Directed by Jim Henson 
We need Gucci out by Friday nobody trying put the kid in the game and keep telling niggaz I'm really ready #tru1017 
Beating the Retreat ceremony is conducted on the evening of January 29, the third day after the Republic Day. #facts 
"Rousey calls the Jan. 2 fight ""my biggest challenge to date."" She's not worried about losing, though: ""I can take... 
Come hang out with me Saturday at Kremlin!! 
"** i'm not finished with Naruto so my next tweet may not be 100% true, so correct me if I am wrong please!" 
I'm selling a lawn ticket for Jason Aldean this coming Friday! DM me if you're interested! 
Roma edge Juventus, United taste defeat: The headline game in Italy went Roma's way on a busy Sunday for the g... 
Question from afar. Isn't Cameron just acting on the mandate the British people gave him in May? Or am I reading too much BBC and Guardian? 
@user Doubt it. Rumor has it Kane may attack Lesnae because Lesnar ""Put him out"" Sting shows up sets up Taker vs Sting Mania 32" 
US football down 7-3 at Chardon tonight after 1st Q 
@user exactly, we play again this Friday and Saturday, against Bucks and the Wizards 
The game is tomorrow at 9 @ Gregory Gym.. I'll buy you a Snickers. 
Up next we’ll be joined by Sunderland striker Louis Saha as we continue to build up to #safc v #lfc at the Stadium of Light tomorrow evening 
@user so with you buy tickets for Saturday to see Flo you'll only see her and Kendrick (I'm not sure but it's what I understood when 
Never break the 11th comandment  of the beast Brock LESNAR thy shall not intentionally provoke the beast 
@user are you coming down to check out the 2013 Phoenix Comicon on May 23-26? 
"TODAY 17/10, A LIVE PERFORMANCE by Anna Vissi at the 25TH ANNIVERSARY GALA in CANADA   
Whereas his remarks praising the IRA make the rest of the country vomit  
@user I drafted Adrian Peterson 2nd overall, Tony Romo in the 2nd rd and Maurice Jones drew in the 3rd round. Beat that!" 
"My Passion: NHK announces hosts for the 63rd Annual Kohaku Uta Gassen - chychytcuit: On October 16th, NHK... 
This Saturday,I’ll watch on my tv, Never Say Never. I want remember My World Tour,his incredible Kidrauhl’s voice. 
Starkville Saturday! I might just wear my Ole Miss stuff haha #not 
Rahul Gandhi speaking at the 31st Plenary Session of INTUC | Talkatora Stadium delhi: via @user 
Ahahahahhha when Labor Day messes you up &amp; u forgot it's Tuesday &amp; not Monday so all your online class assignments are due &amp; u have 2 hrs 
This thing says that Boy Meets World would be on Netflix on August 23 but I see nothing and I'm V upset about it. Capital V. 
We shot @user in the hall on Friday. The full story is out in  Saturday's Argus. #mystery #n 
#NCST extend their biggest lead of the game with a Lorenzo Brown trey. Up 11 pt, 47-36, mid 2nd half! 
@user full of veteran kickers due into #Redskins Park tomorrow. No word on whether it will run over Cundiff."""" Watch it go wide Rt." 
It's a Wednesday girls night out as '90's band Wilson Phillips fills the Winspear Opera House with their brand of top 40 joy at 8p.... 
Vikings @user with a big hit on 4th down to stop the knights deep in Vikings end 
Does anyone want a ticket to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow?!? DM ME 
@user Plz give the fans a treat and start trash talking David Taylor. Really heat things up b4 what may be the Match of the Century! 
Even if you dont go to bob jones you better wear pink tomorrow. #orelse 
"WWE doing another live special on he Network, this time from MSG 'featuring Brock Lesnar' - October 3rd. #SummerSlam" 
I want to see Shawn tomorrow :(((( 
Lots of crime action in Hannibal the past two days... check it out in tomorrow's @user 
"Ito Black Friday, kendrick Lamar's remix genuinely reminds my why I think he's the goat" 
@user 2/2 We do have an option for Google Wallet that you may use as an alternative:  ^TW 
it was my first day on the job and I may or may not have served David Beckham coffee. 
Supra Test Drives This Sunday. Come and test drive the latest Supra and Moomba boats this Sunday the 12th of... 
White Arrows play The Earl on OCTOBER 9TH with Family of the Year and The New Cassettes. DON’T MISS THIS. 
"For real, if Drake's 3rd diss starts out with that Brock Lesnar intro.... shut it down." 
@user at the ready. As much as It hurts me to say this but the gunners at 4-1 to beat united tomorrow can I not bet it being united 
anyone wanna go see jason aldean with me september 17th in toronto hmu 
"""""per team source the Redskins will bring in some kickers for workouts tomorrow, after Billy Cundiff’s poor... 
With the amount of chocolate I’ve eaten today, I’ll just call it Chocolate Day. And I shall have one every yea- mon- week. 
i may even live tweet parts of it  just remember that i literally know pretty much nothing about naruto at all  except  ninjas 
Update: Shawn will be reuniting with Jack and Jack tomorrow (confirmed by jack gilinsky!) 
"LG may update the Optimus 2X to ICS after all, releases source code: The saga of the elusive ICS u... <--Full Story" 
Question... is Ant-Man any good? tempted to go watch it tomorrow 
Nicki had the most consecutive weeks in the Top 10 by a female artist with 'Pink Friday'. 
@user Many listeners are not with the information yet.  May have read a book or 2but still not convinced!  Twilight zone someone? 
#MNTwins open 2016 season with series at Baltimore and Kansas City. Home opener April 11 vs. White Sox. 
jacob I'm going to ihop tomorrow what should i get 
"I'm gonna start listening to Metric now, so I can see them at Bluesfest on the 15th." 
The pain is far deeper than a Billy cundiff missed field goal. Gotta wake up and forget about it tomorrow. #Orioles #stayhungry 
girl just sat next to me on the train and she was listening to tegan and Sara was she hitting on me?? 
Join me for Wonder on the Creative Quest at @user Ashram Yoga Retreat this November. 
Paul Dunne: Under the Southern Sun: Stories of the Real Italy and the Americans It Created: Recently there has been a 
With Enrile finally speaking up, Alfie Anido’s Wikipedia page may now be revised with citations. 
@user you never know Arsenal may be able to buy @user next season if Real Madrid get someone like @user 
Latest update on Josh Hamilton's knee: Rangers may have to make a call one way or another Thursday: 
@user Else you just end up in some horrible censorship whirlpool. Then you may as well be Saudi Arabia. 
"Garcia hit sacrifice fly to left, Eaton scored, Abreu tagged out at second. White Sox lead the Mariners 4-0 in the bottom of the 5th" 
Jurassic Park for the 3rd time today wow how sad is that? 
Gonna write this paper tonight, turn it in, and not look back at it because I get to go home tomorrow so IDC. 
Gay asf going to go see the perfect guy friday lol 
@user @user I don't either. Complete mystery. Also, I may have just been chair dancing to Heartbreaker by Mariah Carey. 
@user whoaa , well during the breaks i bee in dallas , so i might visit you in November , December , March , & thee Summer ." 
Should the Sunday #tradinglaw be a thing of the past? George Osborne thinks so 
@user im going to lunch with Grammy and Kels soon then running some errands for tomorrow and studying for my exam 
"Do you own a Nissan Titan in Bisbee, Jim Click wants to be your one stop  automotive destination. Visit us at 
Dustin Johnson might want to hold something back on Thu and Fri? 
"Al-Baghdadi in his latest speech remembered Palestine but forgot Iran, for the record this the 1st time ISIS directly threat Israel" 
C’mon CBS!! I wanna watch the Patriots! 
Tried to get Pope tickets but it sold out hotter than any concert!  Will try tomorrow at noon! 
It's not just for the Kim Kardashian's of the world! We have twins coming tomorrow that will be getting their... 
so I have the whole afternoon off college and I'm sat in bed watching netflix alone 
Joes will be off road on Monday and Tuesday due to the impending storm.  Stay safe and hope to see you wednesday at Drexel! 
"Conor McGregor" was searched more than 1M times on google Saturday. The most searched term for day. That's in line with Rousey at UFC 184. 
@user I need to see Jeremy Evans on Roni Turiaf all over the place tomorrow. 
Dustin Johnson just needs a new calendar that says it's Friday all weekend 
The Paul McCartney concert may have sold out but the Ringo Starr concert is free if you buy 2 or more little Debbie snack cakes. 
@user he will stay at Ferrari and drive the 3rd car with Raikkonen and Vettel as teammates 
John Waters recently pondered why we can't make fun of Caitlyn Jenner. I wonder the same. All's fair on Halloween! 
@user yea , I just been in ISS i’ll be back tomorrow 
Last time we were in the 3rd round draw Tony Blair was Prime Minister and Michael Howard was leader of the Conservative Party. 
The news networks are covering the Trump debate this Thursday like it's a Floyd Mayweather fight. 
"RT @user Last night I had a dream that I made it to the VMA's , & I was on 106&Park talking about my album coming out. Time t ..." 
@user @user I'll be working Saturday, but hope to watch the pride parade on Sunday. #canqueer #ottawa 
@user @user I hope the 2nd. ""Bad Blood"" have already peaked and the hype is kinda over." 
"Repaired elderly female's Windows 7 based laptop today (pro bono) and in her living room was the largest 1080i cathode ray tube ever, 55""." 
@user if Paul Dunne wins tomorrow does he get the claret jug or is that only presented to the professionals 
Seth Rollins to start the show for the 2nd straight week! #Raw 
Wednesday and Thursdays will be a struggle at work once the Champions League resumes *GMT +1* 
@user Here's a royal connection: The Queen at the Chelsea Flower Show and NZ exhibitor. Mention of rare NZ maple 
I may be going to hell in a bucket, baby, but at least I'm enjoying the ride. - Grateful Dead, Hell In A Bucket 
"The last time David Wright hit a HR for the Mets, it was April 10, 4 games into the season 
"Walking around Milan on a Thursday night, #StockExchange in Milan. #Meditate on the Hand 
"""rowan, some people you may know on twitter "" first one, domino’s pizza in plymouth, second some random person idk and third a llama breeder" 
Sylvia on saturday if i go can you give me a rideee ? 
@user I just worry he could go either way 50/50,pretty much like Kane,hoping he has a most important 2nd season,need finished article" 
Physics test tomorrow, so it’s about time I open my book... but really there was a layer of dust on it 
"I think Mr. ""Mookie"" may be confusing Muslims with Vampires #tytlive" 
"RIP Frank Gifford, #16 for the NY Giants, teammate of Cowboys coach Tom Landry, original play by play  sportscaster for Mon. Night Football" 
Anybody going to that 4th of July pool party in Knollwood? 
Never knew Ice Cube wrote Friday. Always thought he just acted in it. 
Video of  Niall in the US Open (New York 02/Sept) -Jessenia   
Could be an Iron Bowl Sunday in Greensboro on PGA Tour with Bud Cauley and Jason Dufner near the lead. And UGA’s Harris English. 
"Practice Today At Kane, Players be there 2:45 make sure everyone's there, review for scrimmage on Saturday !" 
"Jonathan Kozol: Educator, Author, Activist will be speaking Wed. September 26 at 7 p.m. at the DeKalb High School... 
"kris bryant is 11th in WAR for ALL offensive players, but please, tell me more about how matt duffy should be rookie of the year.  #cubs" 
HEY SLACKERS! Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE----> 
Parma’s 3-1 v Roma: Biabiany was offside on the 1st pass attempt, but the ball stopped on the wet pitch and he received the ball on 2nd one! 
Sick Beard: Download Finished: 3rd Rock from the Sun - 5x11 - Dick Puts the ’ID’ in Cupid 
1st he smashed someone's phone now ran over an iPad he hates you all 
Commentary: Is Chris Brown the victim of a double standard?: Hosting the Independent Spirit Awards in February, ... 
"August 13th #photooftheday is #animal. Let me explain this one. Every year before the Iditarod, we have a """"R 
May I please be special guest Monday night wall or SmackDown May I please meet John Cena and Nikki Bella you yeah burge 
Off to see Steve Harris (Iron Maiden) British Lion tomorrow with Mark Kirkman.  Up close and personal in The... 
Watch @user interview with @user from backstage at the Foo Fighters show on Wednesday night --&gt; 
I'm sat here reading all of the Hulk Hogan tea like... 
Since I wont stream DR2 till friday, I might as well continue Game of Thrones for the time being. 
@user Two Birthday Cakes! One with Jelly Beans! I wonder what kind of Birthday Cake the 2nd one was? Goodnight Kina, Emi, and Misa. 
I am selling 2 tickets to see @user at london o2 arena on the first date on their 2013 tour. Friday, (cont) 
#PGA #GOLF Driver plagues Dustin Johnson in 2nd round at PGA: The severe weather toyed with Johnson's ... #SPORTS 
"2 Red Sox vs Blue Jays tickets for tonight's game. $100/each. Seats located behind first base. C'mon, don't be a cheapskate, BUY THEM!" 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 16 launched provident fund portability through the Universal Account N... 
"A change in the law may have been made without Parliament's consent, writes Mark Woods. 
Wtf! I'm happy to see the video and all but why do you have to mention Zayn in every thing 1D does. Dafuq? 
"American Horror Story tonight, Denver tomorrow." 
Tryna make sure everything go as planned Saturday. . . 
#Atl it’s #Leo Season! This Sunday TurnUp @ Jett Lounge! Free Entry 4 EVERYBODY all night!!! RSVPfirstclass@ 
In the second game, Texas Tech beat KU 2-0. If #OKState defeats Baylor, then Tech awaits on Friday 
"Jordan Spieth finishes the round at -6, is currently tied for 2nd with Paul Dunne and Jason Day (all -11) at The Open." 
New changes to @user Service Agreement may mean less privacy. Learn some of the changes to Windows 10 on our Facebook or Google+ 
@user did you see the Friday Night Lights spoof that Amy Schumer did? She had that glass, straight slurping Chardonnay." 
@user I may have enough to share...if I can get them by Laurin haha she was pumped! 
"Oh yea by the way : #WetNWyde4 will be at Club Crucial 9pm Saturday night 2535 E Arkansas LN Arlington, Texas" 
This is a lamp I made today to take to Haltwhistle tomorrow - just testing it to see if the lights are ok - 
@user being physical is Mourinho's 1st asset he values,before skill. Did u hear Chelsea tried to sign martial?Buying players so othe 
1st preview of the NEW HU w/ @user @user @user & Wayne Knight! Premieres tonight 12:30am PT on Reelz! 
@user doesn't think Vice President Joe Biden will run, Biden recognizes that he won't win - retiring as a sitting VP may be a better idea 
@user October 13! Duelo is going! 
YAKUB deserved what he did.Still 20 years he chill the life.But the destiny is tomorrow hang till death. #Top5Presstitutes @user 
Today is the anniversary of Dr. Seuss’s death and tomorrow is Silverstein’s birthday... so we should all only tweet in rhyme 
Universal may have survived the Selfie Stick invasion... But now it must face the Sharknado.... 
@user Hinduism may or may not be a religion according to Western/Semetic traditions but reality is it is way different from Islam. 
Anyone want to go to Mets Phillies tomorrow in Philly? Degroms pitching and David Wright returning from injury 
@user how about our ""allies"" in the Middle East... like the 3rd richest Military Saudi Arabia, or the United Arab Emirates et. al." 
Anyone have off 6th hour and going to dunkin?? 
"RT @user Andy Rooney, 92, will make last appearance on CBS' '60 Minutes' this Sunday - TVNewser 
Time to finalize weekend plans. Grizzlies host SFO Fri and Sat at Maverik Center. $5 off with can of food both nights. 
The only time Michelle Obama would lower the flags on her property is if they were blocking the sun while she was sunbathing. #Chattanooga 
"#Brewers Ryan Braun went 2-for-5 with a run scored, 81st RBI and his 25th double of the season. #MLB" 
@user that he's a 4th choice CB at Barca and has started two games? 
im only a few months away from leaving 8th grade and i alrady know wat university im going to to   Its going to be the University of Denver 
-10 in the last round. Started the day at tied 7th place ended up winner. Nick Watney. 
"If anyone's interested in some tickets for the zac brown concert on Saturday the tenth,let me know!" 
@user 3rd floor ISAT on the roof you’ll see it when you walk up the stairs its on the right 
Kris Bryant steals his 11th base of the year. #Cubs 
"Just a quick reminder about Camilla's Yoga class, 11am this Saturday at Beanies. Hope you see you there. 
"no one knows tomorrow for Kanye West, he may like going West or North West but what if God says he is going Nowhere or to South East" 
@user @user May not have been Obama. Maybe the "administration" whatever that is. Tells you US keeping distance from Erdogan 
Dustin Johnson leading the #PGAChampionship. What a shock. Call me when he's still there after Sunday. Needs to finish off a major for once. 
Tomorrow M.United vs Chelsea Do you Believe MUFC will win again? Yes = Like. No = Comment  (TOK) 
@user &amp; sting on Monday night. Sting vs Seth Rollins at Night of Champions for the title  And John Stewart got a Attitude Adjustment 
Chris Christie or Rick Perry May be the First to Drop Out of Presidential Race: Beginning with Sen. Ted Cruz i... 
Why you may soon be sitting front row with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: 
"Drew Hutchison is in great company with 13 wins, tying him with Mark Buehrle &amp; David Price. Here's to Mark adding to his total Sunday. #Jays" 
Speaking of Chris Jericho, it is Wednesday today is it not? Time for some catching up on wrestling. 
"The GOP field is (almost) complete, after Ohio Governor John Kasich became the 17th major candidate to announce... 
If @user holds the WWE Title until the Royal Rumble, he will have held the title for 434 days. Making him the 6th longest reign... 
@user @user I definitely watch a different game than you. England 2nd best 1st half and not that good 2nd half Kane is difference 
Video: AFP - Gaza’s Hamas denies involvement in Sinai attack: Following the election of Mohamed Morsi in June, r... 
REGISTRATION IS NOW OPEN! Register for the professional event today (the Brooklyn Bridge walk is free) to grab... 
@user yo dawg, friendly reminder about Sharknado tomorrow. You still up to come?" 
I had a dream Aaron Samuels wasn't happy it was October 3rd..... 
The day after Labor Day is just a Monday that's lying about being Tuesday. 
@user @user you just saw Shawn last Sunday 
@user Bibles and guns. Obama was right the 1st time. 
For the 1st time ever.... Noone cares about a @user match...  Dean Ambrose is the most underutilized star right now! #RAW @user 
Getting the kidz ready for Aaliyah’s 2nd Birthday Party 
remember when we were all hype that frank ocean was actually going to drop boys don't cry July 21st *sigh* good times (': 
Sun flare by the Washington Monument 
Grichuk just hit his 14th home run of the year tying him w Kris Bryant and in more than 100 less at bats than Bryant #Cards 
Young Reserve keeper Jak Alnwick will be on the bench on Sunday for Newcastle Utd after Rob Elliot picked up a injury lastnight! 
George Clooney Is (Distantly) Related to Abraham Lincoln: finds a connection between the movie star and our 16th ... 
"And here it comes! The main bout for the evening, Anderson Silva vs. Yushin Okami #ufcrio" 
Monsanto may be about to buy Syngenta. @user reported on why that's important  
So apparently I'm going to be the only person at #MWW15 tomorrow who didn't watch Sharknado tonight. Ohma welma. 
I’m going to Soundwave Festival at Olympic Park in Sydney, Australia - Feb 24 
Off to watch el  classico now.... May even rewatch the first 18mins of yesterday #MUFC, NUFC too 
The 2nd YA novel in a row I've read with the main teen obsessed with Nirvana. Ha! #jumpedin #carnivalatbray #grungeteens 
Registrations are open to our Controller day in IBM Client Center Brussel on September 22! 
"Ice Cube , T Pain , Ashanti , Baby Bash , 2nd to None Live at Queen mary sept 12th. I got tickets if you need any $45 about 40 left" 
"Will John Kasich make it to the Thursday Rep debate to take place in Ohio, the State where he is the Governor? Maybe! 
"if Everton get beat tonight, do u think Moyes will walk out? I think he should." 
Arsenal and Liverpool eye January move for the 'next Cesc Fabregas' - Daily Star 
Sprint offers to buy stake in Clearwire: Sprint Nextel Corp. said Thursday that it had offered t... #WashingtonNews 
CWS@KC: White Sox plate five runs in the 8th inning: 
"May or may not review the Rugby World Cup review, if it's good I might get the full game though. It's just installed as I press 'tweet'." 
"Fashion pics from the yellow carpet of the Headies 2012 Awards held on Saturday at Eko Hotel, Victori... 
What a weird day @user 1st-round leader Dustin Johnson is 1 under thru 11 and falling down the board. @user Golf_com 
Trip to Fredonia in the works for this Friday. Looking to play on Valentine’s new table. Msg me for more details. 
@user No way she makes it past the 1st rd. She has had a rough transition to MMA she is in no way near prepared for Rousey 
I'm waaaayyyyyyy too turnt for a Wednesday night. I blame Carli and whoever queued up the Kendrick version of Bad Blood on the radio. 
WWE fan jumps rail and walks ramp with Seth Rollins during Monday Night Raw entrance 
"Lemme see,1st outing with ""The Lovely Ciara"", we gonna do ""Italian Meals"",""French Wine"" &amp; back home,Milan,3 kids Rich 4 Life." 
zayn will be sat with his mum now probably cooking and talking and annoying his little sisters and I want to be there to see it bye 
Want to play in the @user Homecoming Weekend beer pong tourney at Jackie O’s on Sunday? Reply or DM us! $16 per team! 
"Domino's song of the day for tomorrow, September 3rd, is:  Ed Sheeran - Photograph  Listen for it sometime... 
Heaven knows I'm not on here to self promote- I'm here for the conversation - but my new show with ICE CUBE is up 
"Record 12,000 candidates register for Iran's February election - about 40 for each seat 
Nike running app tells me i have a 6mi run tomorrow like really guys it's Friday night 
LLB tomorrow. We niggas going Caitlyn Jenner on them tomorrow 
@user I wish and hope @user had same courage of convictions in writing to ISIS to march with Charlie Hebdo cartoons on T-shirt 
If you haven't heard Kendrick Lamar x J.Coles Black Friday Freestyle Verse you need to now! 
Naruto Cards TCG CCG Angering the Beast 872 Foil 1st edi RARE COMBINED SHIPPING 
Empoli now 7th on the table ahead of Milan (8th). After Lazio at home Inter will travel to play Empoli away. 
@user more like who ISNT going to Eid fest tomorrow 
@user WAIT. if you're going to get an Apple Watch wait until like September 20th because Apple might announce a second gen 
FIFA will look into the case tomorrow. Both Man United and Real Madrid are pushing for the move to happen. 
@user Milan, in my opinion, have only the 7th best squad, after Inter, Roma, Juventus, Lazio, Napoli and Fiorentina. 
@user it’ll be my 6th Jean Dujardin movie I own on DVD, lol I have a problem. :P 
@user kris bryant just hit his 2nd homer 
"David Cameron and home secretary Theresa May want nothing to do with the scheme and have absented..." 
@user LeBron James now playing for LSU.... in the background said he's a 6th year senior 
#picstitch At my 1st Phillies game watching the Knicks Vs Heat #AtTheSameDamTime 
@user can't let them win! I missed an IRA bomb by about 20mins and still went back to work on the Monday. 
Hi @user is it possible for Paul dunne to turn from amateur to pro between 3rd and 4th rounds of Open. #solveabet 
It's the Atlanta Falcons (1-0) against the New York Jets (0-1) at 7:30 p.m. on Friday in MetLife stadi... #RiseUp 
@user Smells Like Teen Spirit - nirvana, black old sun- soundgarden, call me dog - temple of the dog..." 
"I know I only tweet about Frank Ocean, but I have my fingers crossed he drops his album tomorrow or during the VMAs" 
"Was going to play DA but man I'm so fucking tired I may just go the fuck to bed. But Twilight is up to 22k, yay ^_^" 
What time does Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?: All the key de... 
@user @user @user Maybe because Muslims say Denmark will be 1st European Muslim country. They want the world. 
Nintendo SNES Console with star fox:  $65.00End Date: Monday Sep-14-2015 3:33:29 PDTBuy It Now fo... #retrogaming 
Analysis: Daniels made the right court pick: Gov. Mitch Daniels said Friday he appointed Tippecanoe County Superior... 
@user @user Yeah I saw that. It looked looked like he was crying at MetLife and Tuesday on GMA as well... 
Who's tryna got see Ed Sheeran in On the 18th?!?!?!? 
Murray gives something else for ASU D to think about.... This may help Allen as well.... 
HT: Norwich 0-0 #Spurs. We’ve edged the 1st half without creating any clear cut chances. Bale’s had a couple of decent long range efforts. 
A Washington state judge on Friday dismissed a lawsuit seeking photos from the death scene of Nirvana frontman... 
"Leg day tomorrow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Cong to hold rallies on FDI. The first rally will be held at Delhi’s Ramlila ground on Oct 28, to be addressed by the PM and Mrs S Gandhi. 
Whoever’s going to A$AP Rocky wit me on the 8th better buy their tickets like today. I think imma get mine soon 
@user dude... You didn't know about GAY BY MAY!? 
@user Wrecking Ball Video might get pushed back, we find out Tuesday what’s going to happen 
@user Tonight at @user Tomorrow we'll start there and bus to Toyota at 2, or you can meet us at Toyota from 4-7" 
"Panthers vs. Packers: Breaking Down Carolina's Game Plan: On Sunday, the Panthers head to Green Bay to take on... 
I need another Viv necklace... May buy myself one for Valentines day #nojoke 
"Hawks might have had decision made for them. With Kane case going before grand jury, no way he can be in camp on the 17th, IMO. #NHL" 
Justin Bieber tells fans to buy NHS Choir song and make it Christmas No 1 
I'm watching Sharknado 3 for the first and only time and I finally understand why Donald Trump may be the next American President. 
@user are you showing the Juventus game this Saturday at 2:45pm ET? 
Gucci plenty yourself balance august embody the duet yours specific inwardly access so that for alive and kick... 
Quiz time... coming up. Answers on the OSFC Physics page ONLY!  1st correct answer wins a KitKat Chucky. U must be studying Physix at Oldham 
Daniel Norris may in fact be Ausmus's cousin but he's pitching like Chuck Norris's son. 
That was stupid by John Stewart but who cares Seth Rollins is now the 1st man to hold WWE title &amp; US title together #SummerSlam 
Ryan Braun breaks scoreless tie with HR off Patrick Corbin on 1st pitch of 6th inning. Lots of boos. 
"Oliseh Drops Mikel Obi, Victor Moses From Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifier: Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sun... 
"Sunday Oliseh: ""I called Mikel Obi but he didn't pick up"": The Super Eagles team list was released at the begi... 
"I will be tapping Stone Brewing """"Enjoy By IPA"""" tomorrow at @user We've got till 12/21/12 to drink it." 
Ric Flair on Roddy Piper -- 'World Won't be the Same' - Ric Flair -- one of Roddy Piper's longest and closest fri... 
"I'm a J. Cole fan and a little bit of a Kendrick Lamar fan, but I never listened to Black Friday... Gonna live tweet and listen to it." 
don't be sad when the sun goes down! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
WKU stops MTSU in the backfield on 3rd and goal from the 1 yard line. 4th down now...and MTSU will attempt the FG 
@user Rosie did start it when he gave a Miss USA a 2nd chance with drug rehab. Rosie stated throwing mud and he took her on. 
ARRIVAL of ship: ARABIAN TAHR Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 6:11AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app... 
Anyone used @user Not sure if $95 a year for next day is worth it. Think Amazon may have more choice. Cool to have option though. 
"#Mets 3B David Wright should be back on Monday as primary third baseman, but he won't play everyday just yet. 
What if Rick Perry won't drop out of the 2016 race? @user 
But I still remember it to this day and it carries much more weight now so S/o to Mr. Murray wherever he may be 
Paul McCartney coming to the ACC Oct 17.  #going 
I listen to Fleetwood Mac so much I think it may be unhealthy 
Nadal confirmed for Mexican Open in February: Rafael Nadal is set to play at the Mexican Open in February,... #tennis 
David Wright misses 115 games and the 3rd pitch he sees is one of the furthest homeruns he's ever hit... #LetsGoMets 
"With his upcoming new album ""Blackstar"" out in January, David Bowie has shared a teaser for the short film to... 
"Tom Brady Slip in Approval Ratings: Tom Brady may have won his appeal to have the 4 game suspension reversed, ... 
Some crazy people from Thursday at the Toronto Burlesque Festival #tbf2012   @ Gladstone Hotel 
@user @user @user Legally I would say yes if you accept SCOTUS decision And actually to litigate it that's 1st 
INTERVIEW: Amir Khan - Floyd Mayweather wants 50 but I'd make sure he's 49-1: Amir Khan sat down with Sport360... 
.@ShannonBream anchoring @user special on the Planned Parenthood swirl tomorrow night. talk with her today at 10. 
Please be ON TIME tonight VIPS :) There may be a few treats involved! 
Glo Premier League star striker Tunde Adeniji on Thursday scored twice as the Super Eagles defeated Amakson Ac... 
Foo Fighters often cover Under Pressure at shows. Saturday did it with Roger Taylor &amp; John Paul Jones joining them- 
Jason Aaron certainly has a thing for nihilistic annihilators...1st Thor's Gorr the God Butcher &amp; now Dr Strange's magic killing Empirikul. 
Back in the day, we used to put our Nokia 3310 batteries in the sun and they wud charge just fine! Today's phones are dumber than ever! 
Chris Evans &amp;amp; Robert Downey Jr. discuss the struggles of filming Captain America:  
Meetings in Edmonton tomorrow morning. Shopping in the afternoon. Football game in the evening. Drinks afterwards? Where? 
Text of speech by Gibraltar's Chief Minister at the Finance Centre Lunch in London last Monday. 
"Photoset: niallersjhoran: Niall at the 2015 US Open in New York City, September 4th 
@user umm I'm in the debate right now. I'm looking at the Tribe party at the Hardrock on Thursday, Rave, Jouvert, scorch cooler fete" 
@user My folks are up - off to Liverpool. You going to Beacon on Sat to race? 
Looking at the statistics of my yt account: 49.3% of 35-44 years old male from south korea landing at 2nd place of my audience list. o.0 
"Thinking about quoting John Cena in my job interview on Friday. That can only go down well, right?" 
Lost in the Trump polling boom is the fact that John Kasich is going to make top 10 (I think) in the 1st debate. 
Honestly. Sony getting feisty with Apple is like watching a Chihuahua yapping at a Rottweiler 
"Indians crash out in semis: Sri Lanka will meet Kazakhstan in the final on Sunday. Earlier, Iran men trounced ...  
"#VMAs Kanye West should have the special title of ""Sunday Dagboru"" of d industry" 
Anybody want some Dispatch tickets. They are playing next Thursday (Oct 11( at DAR Constitution Hall with Good... 
"What time are Foo Fighters, Iggy Pop &amp; Royal Blood on stage at the National Bowl on Sat 5 &amp; Sun 6? | oneMK 
"Agh, I'm going to Northglenn on Monday lol just sit in my classes" 
"Coach: Shawn, you're suspended for the game Friday.  Shawn: No, I'm playing.  Coach: You're right, play good champ. 
The evil empire is throwing the annual Iron Maiden this saturday. Lets show them what we have been up to. Fresh... 
Friday Random Travel Facts - did you know.......  1. Dying is illegal in the Houses of Parliament in England!  2.... 
Amazon has deals on Home Theater items on during the countdown to Black Friday. 
Next Tuesday is D2’s Chocolate Day! With Halloween right around the corner, this is sure to curb your candy craving: 
So tomorrow night we can see @user race at Eldora or get eaten on Sharknado. Which would you choose to see? 
... You're going to get a little wet. Cubs 3B Kris Bryant's 2-out homer in the bottom of the 9th vs. the Rockies... 
@user 1st thoughts re elton's oscar party: will adam be back in la (tour is over by then lol) and will he get invited again ;) 
"Getting To Know Super-Earths: Pasadena CA (SPX) Oct 16, 2014  """"If you have a coin and flip it just once, what does that tell you abou..." 
Next Wed our online book club is chatting John Green's Paper Towns! Join the Facebook event to chat! #MomsReading 
Not to be outdone by the neighbours, Erdogan is now holding his own snap election, this time on November 1 
Ich habe ein @user positiv bewertet: The Bee Gees - And the sun will shine ( Original Footage 4Th 
"I was about to tweet ""I'm going to fight Frank Ocean for trolling us with an old mixtape"" but then I remembered his verse on Sunday" 
Is the Workman vs. LP game this Friday? 
@user @user Im a blatant AntiZionist, that thinks U may have it twisted @user Bernie Sanders is NO ZIONIST. StopTheSpinCycle 
When the Phillies announce David Wright batting 4th but put Kelly Johnson's face on the scoreboard 
"Rahul Gandhi's inaugural address at the 31st Plenary Session of INTUC, today, at Talkatora Stadium. #RGwithWorkers 
Isco and Khedira to be sold in January in order to make room for Marco Reus. Dortmund willing to cash in before his contract expires 
"Kendrick Lamar has braids and he's ""cool"" but I got laughed @ for having four str8 backs for 8th grade graduation???????????.." 
Classic Rock Radio (Dot CO Dot UK) 31 July 2015 Paul McCartney Reissues  From the Paul McCartney newsletter I... 
Attending a very informative talk covering the Japan Earthquake of 11 March 2011 and the lessons learned from that. 
melaninhoe: Frank Ocean *says he droppin the album in July* all Frank Ocean fans: 
The Film Independent Spirit Awards take place each year right off the ocean in sunny Santa Monica, Calif 
RT @user PJ Harvey to play the Royal Albert Hall for the first time this October 
"working on scouting report for Clemson vs. USF soccer exhibition on Friday, always on the job" 
"I have 3 GA tickets for Ed Sheeran in Frisco, Texas for this Saturday! DM if you're interested I need to sell them quickly" 
So the real question here is...is Ben Affleck coming to the camp out tomorrow or nah? 
But who’s tryna make that move to the Berkmar game against Brookwood, Friday? 
@user but it seems difference is Waino getting stronger, Kershaw was the same till the 6th. That's all I gots." 
@user Driving back down the A1 on tues afternoon at J43 near M62, I saw a Red Kite. I’ve never seen one north of Oxford before. 
Our Business Club’s networking dinner with Eskom’s CFO Paul O’Flaherty is on 29 October. Book with Lisa 0118704263 
Ready for the new David Bowie single?????  #BlackStar album drops in January...  
"On Tuesday, Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi Hit out at the government over the National Herald case and... 
#nowplaying Jim White - Crash Into the Sun 
"Breitbart News Daily: Iran, China, Cyberwarfare:  On the December 29 Breitbart News Daily show, on Sirius XM P... 
@user I’m taking Physics without Calculus for the 2nd time in the Spring. Tips? 
@user Where is it so that I may claim some? Also, now that I live here, I should probably try and get together w/ you &amp; Maite" 
Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 may never come to the UK, but if you're a phablet fan that doesn't mean you're out of... 
"Miss Universe Org prez tells me #Trump won't attend Sunday's Miss USA event He's missed some in the past, but he said recently he'd be here" 
David Wright going yard in his first at bat since April 14 #LGM 
Demi Lovato is the 3rd most important voice by billboard just behind Mariah Carey &amp; Christina Aguilera. 
"Scotland v Germany tonight; Foo Fighters tomorrow, and pile of work to get through in the meantime... Who's doing the coffee run???" 
The Kitchen Cafe 26 Sept 12. Antonio Carluccio talks about the recipes that form the touchstones of his life.... 
Gucci multitude jivatma desire january rehearse in extenso the bifurcated thine denominative gangway practice ... 
@user gonna pre order. But I don't know if I should get Digi. Or Pys. Copies or where to get it. Because it may depend 
DFL Get Out the Vote bus tour event with Gov. Dayton starts in 30 mins at State Capitol. Details:  
"Sheamus vs Randy Orton is pretty much a Sunday Night Heat feud at this point. I mean, without the Heat obviously. #WWEBattleground" 
"I now want to ride my bike with """"Here Come the Sun"""" by George Harrison playing in the background and my hair flowing behind me. #fun" 
It would be sick if kc changed the song b4 1st period to john cena's intro song #dr34mz #ucntcme #WRESTLEMANIA 
Call on the field is reversed as the Aggies came up short of the 1st down. Murray and crew will go for it. 
Bryce Harper has reached base twice in the series.   David Wright reached base twice in the 7th inning tonight. 
"Frank Gifford and 'A Fan's Notes': Frank Gifford, who died Sunday in Connecticut at age 84, was not just a Hal... 
Amazon Prime Day, but instead it's just Wednesday. 
@user Ah, am away between the 10th and 17th on yoga retreat, and then away most of those other weekends too... drink after work?" 
World Book Day was Mon and no one gave me a book. No one even gave me back any of the books they’ve borrowed  #hinthint 
JFAA 48th Annual Art show opens this Saturday at 12. We'll be kick'n it off with an array of activities &amp; demonstrations in the Art Park. 
July 29th 1995 was the time that that young savage had arrived 
Come check out the Action Trivia at The Draft Bar and Grill in Studio City every Thursday from 8-10 pm. Not only... 
"Does anyone have photos from the @user show this past Saturday at The Kee? One of our own, @user was on stage! @user 
Paul Dunne 1 up going down the 18th in his match with Robbie Ziegler at the US Amateur Championship 
"Niall cares about the price of tickets because they are very expensive as if an angel love, though I may not also go -_-  @user 
"Werleman's Wager: If you are an atheist &amp; call atheists Islamophobic for being critical of Islam, a radical Muslims may spare your life." 
Jennifer Lawrence &amp; Amy Schumer Want to Wear the Same Dior Dress to the Golden Globes: Jennifer Lawrence and friend Amy Schumer may b... 
@user do you have English first thing on Monday with Kerry? 
I'm wearing my Aaron Rodgers jersey to the Charger game this Sunday. #GoPackGo @user 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh has settled for six players from the Glo Premier League to make the trip with... 
@user no more than when Curtis or Murphy had to dive in the 1st 2 games. 
@user oh, hey Lexus, i think i may be going to FIT for college, basically the Florida version of MIT, if i cant get in there or Drexel. 
Amazon Claims Prime Day As Big As Black Friday: Amazon Prime Day netted the e-commerce... via @user 
"RT @user Our Football Season Preview shows start airing tonight on The Mtn..half-hour, each program..the latest on Boise State ..." 
Ice Cube still look the same as he did in the Friday movies.. Everybody else looking old 
"I'm trying to sell just one lawn ticket for Jason Aldean, Cole Swindell, and Tyler Farr.. Sept 11 @ First Niagra" 
"Now officially Brock Lesnar 1st lost being pinned or submitted since his defeat against the game Triple H at wrestlemania 29, 2.5 years!!" 
Always tired. Tomorrow (Star Wars Day) is going to be a LOOOOONNNGG day. 
"September 16, the day, we answer your questions on ""How to share the gospel with Muslims"" Don't Forget to mark it ! 
@user Naruto dawg. I grew up watching how the story unfolded and shit. Been watching since like 5th grade now shit got global 
Training camp resumes today and Tuesday at Maverik Center at 10:30 a.m. and is open to the public. The team returns to the Oval Wednesday. 
Apple Special Event March 7 2012 iPad 3 the new ipad Full Apple Keynote ...: via @user 
"david bowie's daughter was born august 15,2000 just like me. coincidence? i think not." 
"May I know @user How you can be so sure that Yakub is Innocent? Any Proof?" 
"The Democratic Union of Madrasha army takes full control in Raccoon City.: Thu Oct 20, 3083. After the attack, t... 
You only have three days left, this Sunday is the last day to swim at Fairground pool this season. 
You bought it! I didn't leave The Daily Show! This was all to fool you sheep &amp; screw John Cena! - Jon Stewart on RAW tomorrow #SummerSlam 
@user lamela was shite on Saturday and as for Kane it's no goals in 3, he scored final day of season against Everton remember" 
"It was just a ""man"" that executed a Texas Deputy: If I may ...    Seems a black and gay man can be outed when ... 
Season 3 of Sons of Anarchy needs to hurry the eff up already. Come on August 30!  #addictedtonetflixinstant 
Kesha's Camp Speaks Out on Dr. Luke Abuse Allegations: Following the news Tuesday of Kesha's lawsui... #musicnews 
What Do you mean - Justin Bieber  lmao 
Ed Sheeran tomorrow... I mean... like it's less than 24 hours now. 
Mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to Taiwan: Police on the Chinese mainland on Thursday repatriated 10... 
[FAN-ACC] 120921 Incheon Airport: While waiting to board the plane, Dongwoo sat on top of Woohyun’s leg !! xD ~ (cr: weibo) 
"Kris Bryant #Cubs, Player of the Game SA vs. #SFGiants (HR 1-3 2R 3BI), rises to 6th among NL batters in Box-Toppers pts for '15 (7.5)." 
@user Good morning! Do you know who else will be on this season of DWTS? 
@user there's no way Thor should start the 7th anyway 
AUSTRALIAN DIRECTIONERS! does anyone know what time the MTT premire is tomorrow? xx 
Today is Friday which means that I'm 8 hours away from spending the next two days watching Netflix in my PJs. 
ESPN- Indians fire manager Acta with six games left: The Cleveland Indians fired manager Manny Acta on Thursday,... 
@user Were visiting the Scarborough in Leeds on Sat before our Fa Cup game at Guiseley 
Could the U.S. have done more to contain the Ebola virus? 
Who wants to go with me to get my tattoo tomorrow? I'll buy you Dunkin doughnuts 
Just announced: Mario Lemieux will be dropping the puck at the Johnstown Tomahawks first home game on Sept 29th! 
@user Galliani is in the past and he lacks the reality of the modern day Milan. Players don't wake up thinking of Milan 1st choice. 
Scouting the 12th Blue !  Get your Chelsea Home/Away jersey with customized printing now! @user 
"New post: Boko Haram: Buhari storms Cameroun tomorrow with six govs, Benin Saturday 
Pictures of #OVERDOSER 1st Anniversary party at Safe House #Thonglor are online! Check it out! 
AHEAD TO MILAN-VERONA: GAME NR. 31 AT THE SAN SIRO: MILAN - The game between Milan and Verona on Sunday at the... 
"They really are grooming Seth Rollins to be the next Triple H, having him open every Monday with a time-devouring promo. @user #Raw" 
I wonder if @user remembers the group or may have toured with Thor or have any stories about them?  
@user do you n @user fany Stamford on Sat? Lou is coming, get Eddy involved aswell! @user is doing her famous Tagine! 
STAR WARS THE FORCE AWAKENS: A story about Kim Kardashian and Taylor Swift vying for more air time. Who will win? Tune in on Friday 
Trump is leading 15 points in the polls but Kasich may prove to be a greater threat to Jeb Bush.... 
Floyd Mayweather continues training for September 12 fight... as undefeated boxer also enjoys downtime with fr #Sport 
How CNN may keep Carly Fiorina out of the next debate anyway - Hot Air 
Tybg that I have 5th period with Sam smith 
I put on my Fleetwood Mac playlist in the shower and somehow drag me down got on there and I heard Harry and just sat there in the shower 
Paul Dunne makes a birdie at the 18th and is through to the last 32 at the US Amateur Championships after a 2up win over Robbie Ziegler 
@user ~ followed him up the golden staircase to their throne. He sat down with Sif at his side. Thor and Jane standing on the ~ 
@user Not until it learns to love Tony Blair again. We may be sometime alas. 
I just realized that the only ukiss member that Hyung Jun following is Kevin.. 
Winter Classic 2013 won’t be canceled Thursday: The NHL will not be canceling the 2013 Winter Classic on Thursda... 
"Got an 8am tomorrow, solid. I'm done at 9:50 tomorrow though so it's Gucci" 
"Go Native jet-powered at Galway. Available at 50/1 for the Champion Hurdle, may go over fences 
"Caitlyn Jenner sat on Ellen today &amp; was absolutely dismissive of gay marriage because she's in line with her ""conservative republican views""" 
Come on down to @user 106 this Monday at 7pm and help us welcome Guest Speaker Nicole Goldman of the Jim Henson Entertainment Company! 
Somewhere in the universe Floyd Mayweather just peed his pants worrying that he may run into Ronda Rousey in a dark alley. @user 
Live semi-finals this Thursday night 9-10pm on CW Network. America votes. Please share with friends. #teamjordan 
"Ronald Reagan Sr. in Doral. Last town hall before Nov 6, 6:30pm tonight! Come out, get informed on #Vote222" 
McGregor promised Dana White he'd knock Aldo out in 1st round. Highly doubt it but he'll throw everything at proving himself right 
Those of you talking about Hilary may want to do your research on Monsanto 
Right up the road October 10th Slim Thug and Big K.R.I.T. will be at Ricks Cafe - Starkville, MS 
N.W: Unofficially Yours for the 5th time :)) 
Gucci unmentionables subconscious mind sanguine expectation december hike up the span yours special twentieth-... 
Chuck Norris of the Prairie: Certain plants may keep unwanted plants from invading restored areas. via @user 
@user If speeds aren't an issue on your PC and laptop it may be an issue with the PS4 - have you tried disconnecting all... 
@user you get ready 1st. I otw back from school only . on ur Skype 1st 
"Red Sox lead MLB in runs since All-Star break (188), ahead of even rampaging Jays (184). White Sox, tonight's opponent, are 4th (176)." 
Joe Biden drops hints about his next move; teacher donates kidney to her 1st grade student. 
"Who would you put Balor against in his first WWE match? Seth Rollins makes an NXT challenge, Balor entrance. 
"Bing one-ups knowledge graph, hires Encyclopaedia Britannica to supply results:   It may have retired from the cut-throat world of pr..." 
@user The sign is in French - Scott Walker may not understand what it means. 
Amy Schumer hosted Saturday Nigh Live recently and joked about being hacked: @user #infosec #cyberday #cloud 
"Former Minister & SLFP member Najeeb A Majeed may appoint as CM of the Eastern Province. But, can't confirm the news still" 
@user don't recall the AL scoring but Ryan Braun scored on sac fly in 9th 
i wanted my mom to drive me to school in the Bentley tomorrow but its only 2 seats ): and she has to drive my sisters too 
October and the trees are stripped bare Of all they wear What do I care? October and kingdoms rise And kingdoms fall But you go on and on U2 
@user @user More specifically it tells you that you have an unconscious bias against Muslims and may judge them unfairly. 
"At the Madison Square Garden special on Oct 3rd, Brock Lesnar will go one on one with that young up and comer, The Big Show.  Sigh. - ^JC" 
"So Chris Christie, Rick Perry, and John Kasich are fighting for their lives to make the GOP debate on Thursday. Who will miss out?" 
I told my son who was a fan of Hulk Hogan that it's alright to be disappointed and mad at him but down the line he deserves a 2nd chance. 
This, from @user says it all re David Cameron's heartlessness. #refugeeswelcome  
@user I think Marco Rubio &amp; John kasich tied for 1st Donald Trump the clear loser!! 
If I told you on April 1 that Josh Hamilton and Cole Hamels would be in the starting lineup on August 1. How much would you have laughed? 
last day of work and then my 1st official vacation! going to see my little bro in florida tm! and my mommy! #FamOverAll 
changing my name to Dustin Johnson because that's what just happened on the 18th #CHOKE #GameOfThrows 
Kamloops Sun Devils defeat Prince George 7-4   Sun Devils play Victoria tonight at 8pm --- winner to the B.C. Baseball Championships final 
Halloween + karaoke x beer - boss + new girl from HR x more beer + costumes + microphone = Wednesday at the Capitol. 
"Frank Gifford, NFL Star Who Reigned on Monday Night, Dies: His temporary retirement came after he receive... #NFL" 
Pray for Curtis.  He hasn't felt the best all weekend.  Today he is going to our local clinic. he has surgery scheduled for Thursday. 
Straight Outta Compton the movie has to include a deleted scene of Ice Cube spittin the 1st verse on the song Straight Outta Compton on dvd 
"6 km march by Rahul Gandhi in Barpeta,Assam is probably the shortest long march in Indian history of politics." 
Nicholas Hoult Says Sex Scenes With Kristen Stewart Were 'Hobbit' Like: Jennifer Lawrence may want... #topstories 
The firewall? Obama’s last stops of the 2012 campaign next Monday will be in Wisconsin, Ohio and Iowa -- where his 2008 bid began. 
modi launched yes'day.unified single portal was launched by UPA govt under the then labour minister Oscar Fernandes in Feb@IBNLivePolitics 
Grateful Dead July 4, 2015 Set One - Fare Thee Well from the PIT Tripod 
@user Well, they meant in the west. Or rather, they're just not making 1st party games for it. Because PS4 makes $$$" 
I’m talkn All Black party on the 14th then VIP all nite Saturday at Sky.... Family n friends will be in da building ....We gon shut Sky down 
@user headlines are that Murray lose to an UNKNOWN Anderson. The guy is ranked 14th in the world. 
"Aussie share market set to open 2 pct lower Monday - ""Shake it off""  says Amp economist?  More like ""Bad Blood"" #taylorswift  #fx #auspol" 
Bbsr: Autorickshaw union calls for 12-hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on LPG #Odisha 
All tied at 14 after 1st qtr, Murray State with ball in red zone 
Watching Sharknado. 
Does that make Bobby Jindal the 2nd candidate to be a parody of himself? 
@user When Ira makes a prediction always go with the opposite team. Belichick will find a way to win..&amp; also my #Vikings Sunday night 
"Well the Ravens played there first preseason game this Thursday againt the Eagles, Ravens D vs Michael Vick." 
"Tim Byrdak tells ESPNNY he will undergo anterior capsule surgery, hopes to pitch in majors during 2nd half of 2013 season." 
#.:Aubig Black Leather Camera Case Bag Pouch Case with Strap for Olympus OM-D OMD EM5 E-M5 Cyber Monday Deals 
i think she said shes coming to alsip tomorrow *begins texts all my ladies* 
Glenn Beck says he'll be in the owner's box for a Redskins game this Sunday 
Mook, Podesta are blowing Hillary's 2nd crack at WH. Making the same huge mistakes as 08. Need to let HRC loose. Too inaccessible to staff 
"Kendrick Lamar in the top 10, but not Pig Pun? C'mon." 
I have used the following phones Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Motorola, HTC and LG. I'm currently using iPhone6 for the 1st time and it's dope 
Couple spare tickets for CircoLoco on Saturday. Plus we also got transport to &amp; from the destination. Get @ me or text me of ur interested. 
Wonder if my concert going buddy wants to go to Machine Gun Kelly, Rick Ross, Meek Mill, and Wale Nov 20 in Indy ??  @user 
Finland's Nokia agrees on China joint venture with Huaxin: HELSINKI, Aug 28 (Reuters) - Finnish telecom equipm... 
@user then tomorrow is your day, gay" 
Nah Bad Blood was the summer anthem  
Today on the @user Show our listeners joined us in discussing Gay Marriage Vs Religion In KY. Listen to it here: 
James Murphy may produce the next Arcade Fire album: via @user 
@user Hawks will discipline Kane for sure. But he'll play again for the Hawks. May just have to wait a bit 
When Jeb Bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the Iowa State Fair on Friday, fairgoers pelted him with questions about the legacy of 
[chris Evans is the presenter of TFI Friday and they're being sarcastic in case you don't get British humour] 
This helps the stadium show but doesn't help Holm who now has less time to prepare for Rousey. 
September 4th last day at dunkin 
@user  Pray for Christians everywhere that are being persecuted. We never know when it may be us that is in their shoes. 
The Baby Boom and Economic Recovery: Post-recession levels of employment may be affected as much by demographics as by the nation's e... 
"Paul Dunne will make bogey on the 2nd. Tough start for the amateur, but after a boat of provisionals, could be worse... #TheOpen2015" 
@user Freedom of religion was the primary reason ppl came to America in the 1st place. ""Gay"" marriage was unheard of 350 yrs ago." 
"Twitchy: At the MTV Video Music Awards Sunday night, Kanye West concluded an acceptance speech ... #WakeUpAmerica" 
From the archives... Blog Every Day in May - Star Wars Day 
@user When I hear Drake I think of Seinfeld and the dude who scheduled a wedding on Superbowl Sunday! 
@user I agree, we went to see the Foo Fighters Monday at DTE and they came on thirty minutes after the opening act." 
"Qualifying 10th means that Gov. John Kasich will be on one end, with Donald Trump stage center via @user 
"If I go to London Comic Con next year and Norman Reedus is there, I think I may have a reaction like Daryl when he saw Carol tonight." 
In 1992 Pope John Paul II proclaimed the Catholic Church wrongly condemned Galileo for asserting the Earth revolves the Sun - 359 years late 
Please reveal John Cena to have been on Ashley Madison. We may get Nikki dropping the title! 
We’re going to Bali tomorrow lol 
Tbh won't be surprised if we get Briana pictures tomorrow just saying #AMAs #onedirection #OneDirectionOnAMAs #LarryStylinson 
Oracle at the Well | for August 23rd 2015 #Inspiration #BeTheChange #BeYourSelf #Health 
@user boss confirming that Vettel will be released on the 28th November, thus missing the two-day test on November 25th and 26th." 
Putrajaya says determined to recover NFC funds: KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 29 - Putrajaya said today it i... via @user 
Kevin Hart night with the uncle amd aunty. 
@user - sorry guys but Iron Maiden has taken over serious xm 40 for the wk. be back Monday 
"Like I'm not going to complain tomorrow when I'm there but cheers for all this traffic Foo Fighters, some of us have to get to Revs later." 
"After going +5 on the 1st 4 holes (including a QUADRUPLE bogey on 1), Dustin Johnson is -7 for his next 8." 
Dustin Johnson and Sunday's just don't work together 
@user lol you put effort then sat with Thor and held him and just watched me slave away 
U2 Where the streets have no name iNNOCENCE + eXPERIENCE tour Ziggo dome Amsterdam 8 September 2015: via 
"gamestop has this deal rn where if you buy a ps3 or Xbox 360, you get 5 free games and I may or may not have picked a Naruto game..." 
"RT @user Good Morning! """"Today Voters go to the Polls in Wisconsin's two Final Recalls"""" | Reuters: #p2 #tcot #wirecall" 
Who would go see @user with me at DAR Constitution Hall on sunday evening? 
Since Dean Ambrose hasn't got a match this Sunday at #WWEBattleground. Do you think he'll interfere in the Roman/Bray match? #HeelTurn 
@user nah it was there for a few years. Breaking bad, first couple of seasons of GoT, Hannibal, mad men, 1st season of true detective, 1st 
@user rolling stone says van Morrison's astral weeks is the 19th greatest album. should be #1. happy 70th birthday van. 8-31-15. 
SoKor trolling NoKor by blasting Kpop over the border  Play Red Velvet's 1st mini album 'Ice Cream Cake' and there will be world peace 
@user hell, UK is 16th, but I doubt that number is accurate.  Other teams have played better comp.  Stanford, Ole Miss are the best." 
The Spurs don't appear to be missing Manu Ginobili right now but they may get him back in the lineup on Saturday. 
@user  well they believed the sun when it talks shit about ZAYN but now the sun is the ultimate liar. 
Radio City are gonna visit the most spookiest places in Liverpool. 1st place ANFIELD it's a bit dead in there after tonight. 
"Jean Machi showing Red Sox fans exactly what Giants fan already knew! Three walks in the 9th, one run in, bases loaded, 1 out." 
@user you may need to put an RNS out at 7am on Monday. David has bought a franchise in Milan. 
And now Buster Posey drives in the 3rd run of the night with RBI single to score Gregor Blanco from 2nd and #SFGiants lead 6-4 
"Fair play to Kane, he managed to control the ball and score against virtually a sunday league keeper. Top notch" 
"Spring Colors Week - Wednesday: Pink: This is a small chapel next to the main cathedral in Cuernavaca, Mexico. I... 
@user ""Bad Blood"" ut oh girl the moon shall be turned to blood and the sun darkened" 
Monday Final Ratings: 'The Voice' &amp; 'Dancing With the Stars' Adjusted Up; 'The Big Bang Theory' &amp; 'Castle' Adj... 
#MichiganBasketball #1 overall seed in NIT season tip-off & will host the North regional at Crisler Center beginning November 12th vs. IUPUI 
I may have to make a Dunkin run 
@user @user   1st found guilty of violating SCOTUS decision regarding SSM &amp; ordered to comply. Then she was in contempt 
"""@Scwale: Going to the Celtics game Wednesday. :D""TAKE ME" 
"Tread your own path, you'll never make it as a follower. you never know where you will go or where you'll be tomorrow - Ed Sheeran," 
@user I would put Gillard 2nd best behind Hawke, Rudd 3rd, Keating 4th, then all the rest, then Howard last #Showdown 
"When we watch Frosty The Snowman, he routes for the sun. - The Big Bang Theory, Leonard Hofstadter" 
Walker: I'm ready for world stage: Scott Walker will offer his foreign policy vision in a speech Friday mostly by contrasting it with... 
@user I truly don't think she'll win; she may not even be the nominee. Voting for Bernie as of now..perhaps John Kasich 
Remember everyone out there: All you members of Anonymous, you rebels, you supporters of the Gunpowder Plot: wear your mask November 5th. 
Watch Sam Smith hold up the WDYM sign tomorrow. 
Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ certified in Malaysia ahead of it's official launch  
"Watching Scouts, Airforce &amp; Army , St. John's Ambulance &amp; Police march through Lichfield for a Remembrance Service at the Cathedral v proud." 
@user Wiki says her 3rd marriage""RT @user @user is trying 2 understand love with his 3rd wife as her 2nd husband""" 
Join Richard, Estella, Sophia, TJ, and Erwin this Friday at the CCP! Tickets: P600/P800 (VIP). Contact 09109839513 now! 
Breakfast, training then of to London to prepare for the game against Spurs tomorrow 
"Twitter-owned blog service Posterous loses multiple databases, down 6 hours+: As you may notice from the n... #TNXW" 
Just used my #Legendary Google cardboard to watch the #CrimsonPeak trailer for the 5th time and Paul McCartney performing Live and Let Die 
RT @user The FA will be bringing a new interactive Road Show to Arsenal Ladies ahead of the game against Everton on Thursday 
"#MLB #Brewers - Ryan Braun, Rest - is not in the Game 2 starting lineup Saturday (9/5) at Cincinnati" 
Its important we build relationships with non-Christians and with Christians outside of Sunday morning worship. #Normal 
White Sox could further explore Robertson trade in offseason via @user They can't get to the 9th to use him. 
I have a math test and a speech on Thursday but then I get to see Chris Brown with Jezebel so there's that good/bad situation 
Anyone interested in 2 Foo Fighters tickets for tomorrow night at Wrigley Field in the 200 level? $350 
@user Don't think was originally IBM branded, but still didn't want any weird 3rd party ant-virus like stuff meddling with my OS 
Red Stars fouled at 20 yards. Chalupny takes the free kick but GK gets in front of it. 1 minute left in 1st half. 
Photo: scinerds: Sharpening up Jupiter Amazing image of Jupiter taken in infrared light on the night of Aug.... 
Panthers vs. Packers preview: Two teams coming off games that went down to the wire last week will meet Sunday... 
Can't wait to see how much Nike the freshmen wear tomorrow 
"What time e-shop starts Monster Hunter 4G DL? Tomorrow, Capcom TV starts from 6 AM. Is it the time to open?" 
why did I never know about $1 coffees on Monday at Dunkin before #lifesavior 
Bobby Jindal fails to make the cut for first debate: Washington, Aug 5 : Bobby Jindal failed to make the cut f... 
What's behind the attacks on Planned Parenthood? NEW SHOW Thurs 9-10pm @user Sunsara Taylor, SisterSong statement, more @user @user 
Get down to Adelaide Oval tomorrow to see ACC’s @user and the @user in action! 
Will take a photo eating halo halo tomorrow and will send it to @user ! For Josh Bradley’s birthday! 
Louis' having a baby with Briana but then he's currently with Danielle. I mean c'mon... He could have focus more with the baby by now. 
"""""@ForeverJeTi: Tiffany will be one of the MCs along with CNBlue’s Yonghwa and Beast’s Gikwang for SBS KPOP Super Concert on November 10.""""" 
Lana Del Rey is playing Vicar St next year. Tickets onsale the 5th of Nov. 44 euros. Wondering if it would be worth it? 
October 17 - AirBridgeCargo Airlines (ABC) has appointed AirLink Cargo as its general sales agent in the Pacific... 
NEW: IBM executive J. Bruce Harreld named 21st president of @user over faculty concerns about his qualifications. 
Shell to pay $3bn debt to Iran: Iran's media said on 27 December that the Anglo-Dutch energy giant Shell plans... 
Kris Bryant grounds out to 2nd stranding Dexter Fowler 90 feet away after 5 the #Cubs trail the Rockies 5-1 
@user Rick Perry was appointed by Bush when he became POTUS. 1st reelection was by voter grace 4 a new incumbent. 
"Had been wantin 2 c Black Friday since the whole Yakub controversy. Saw it aftr 10 years. Whoevr says Yakub shudnt hv been hung, shud c dis." 
"4th street just went from playing Jason Aldean to ACDC  Pick a genre, people." 
@user @user if our squad is more expensive that Juventus and Bayern and still placing 6th maybe the Committee needs to go now.. 
#bhramabull Janet Jackson Shares A Heartfelt Note Dedicated To Aaliyah: With Tuesday marking the 1... #BHRAMABULL 
"Coming home tonight, I saw a ""We support Italy in the Rugby World Cup"" in a hair salon in Newmarket. Ha! How come... 
"My Sun, Jonathan Major just called me from the Georgia Dome, the Miles College Band will be performing there... 
"Kris Bryant belts his 21st home run of the year. 2-0, Cubs." 
Briana wants me to wear white for tomorrow because she's going in red but I want to wear pink wtf 
"A Baby-Boomer, PS4 &amp; An Audience. That's Keith's dream. VOTE NOW! And don't miss TGIF with @user FRI at 7pm EST 
"Just like the past, Christians still attend service on holy grounds. For example, attending a church on Sunday's. #Hum120" 
The horn sounds and we are through 40 minutes at Yost. Kevin Lohan with the lone Michigan goal in the 2nd #GoBlue 
"Former ""Saturday Night Live cohorts Tina Fey, Amy Poehler are teaming up to host the Golden Globe Awards." 
me: sorry professor.. i won't be in class tomorrow... i have an appointment  me, actually: goes to the today show to see justin 
"Today in Beatles History (June 18, 1942): Ivan Vaughan, the man responsible for introducing Paul McCartney to John Lennon, is born." 
Two Zac Brown Band tickets for sale for tomorrow night at the Molson Amphitheatre. $100/pair. 
I know the game is on Sunday but Shawn lavuo according to jay will have a pro bowl game 
Is the news about Netflix and Kunle Afolayan's October 1 true? 
I’m going to Ferry Corsten at Sutra OC in Costa Mesa, CA - Oct 28 
@user tweet b4 d chat so it's all gud just wanted to find out if u will be in Abj jan/feb 
Because of you @user I'm going to have to watch Big Brother tomorrow. 
Back in Stoke on Trent for the 2nd time today! 
#We good day Chris Evans quits TFI Friday due to Top Gear commitments 
@user was it Becky? cause she told me about it.. i’ll figure it out tomorrow.. 
fortunefilmz Ighalo absence raises questions about Super Eagles forward options: Sunday Oliseh threw a major c... 
Real Madrid to make announcement on David De ... 
Juventus sign Inter midfielder Harnanes: Turin, Sep 1 : Italian football champions Juventus have bolstered the... 
@user ~saw a son in him unlike Thor...Thor, when Loki though about his brother, a frown appeared on his face. He may be hating ~" 
@user totally agree. After Levy's balls up with getting Berahino we may as well have used Ade as back up to Kane 
Gucci bags soul assuredness february evince the double harness your existent ingoing accruement into with keep... 
Frank Gifford Dead: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know: Frank Gifford attends the 19th Annual Broadcasting &amp; Cable ... 
@user true, but she was flapping her gums, I'm glad Nicki sat her down. Someone needed to show her what she said was foul." 
@user @user @user I doubt he wants a fight with Muslims... he may be able to get the West... politically hard to do! 
Sharknado further proof we need the 2nd amendment.  For yoi Seneca students its the right to own a gun . 
Some context on Aaron Rodgers interception and win rates trailing in the 2nd half: 
Baby stroller sale: Safety 1st Boost Air Protect Booster Car Seat, Dixie with cheap coupon code 
#WWE Monday Night #RAW 8/3/15 Seth Rollins kicks off the show after Piper tribute - 
@user Not sure if you've seen yet, but Dallas Keuchel and Miss USA both went to same high school (Bishop Kelley in Tulsa). 1st time?" 
the cool billionaire are freebasing while basejumping tomorrow. fools. i'll be in listening to john kasich talk about tariffs in iowa 
".After the budget in July from the newly elected Conservative government, the chancellor, George Osborne, #PCTM" 
I still am looking for one logical answer as to why Kendrick Lamar is hypocritical with his gf...maybe tomorrow 
Tomorrow it'll have been one year since I saw shawn live for the first time 
Alonso is still a Ferrari driver today but he may not be tomorrow 
"Our Candlelight Yoga class is tomorrow at 5:45 PM. If you can't make it, click the link for more upcoming classes! 
Mayweather ends feud with Rousey: 'I wish her nothing but the best' 
The sun is shining once again after the dark storm that was Ira's absence 
@user Have you heard of Bobby Jindal? 1st Indian American Governor of Louisiana, USA. Doesn't identify as 'Indian'. 
In all seriousness I think we all stated how we felt about the baby and Briana way back in August there's no need  
Geoff Shackelford: Honda Classic Ratings Up 78%: Michael Hiestand with the 
i'm in the mood of listening to nirvana today but i have an exam tomorrow who cares 
Tomorrow at 12pm, you will finally be able to watch Filthy Rich clip in youtube #FilthyRichClip 
Look for me on @user tomorrow at 7:34am talking about @user exclusive: Hulk Hogan Apologizes for 'Unacceptable' Racist Rant 
Typical Thursday @ UCLA with the crew 
@user it sounds similar to you but to them its like Rebecca black singing ’Friday’...lol.. 
@user Teuchi prepared two bowls for them and sat them on the table in front of them, Naruto picked up the chopsticks and have--" 
One of the pitchers the Tigers got in David Price deal. 
Wednesday: The Hunger Games <3  Thursday: Supernatural <3  Friday: The Vampire Diaries <3  (My plan for the next 3 days) :D xxx 
Joint-leader amateur Paul Dunne 16/1 to win the Open Championship tomorrow. Padraig Harrington is 18/1. Jordan Spieth tops market at 5/2! 
"The Super Eagles will face Niger in an exhibition game in Port Harcourt on September 8, the NFF has disclosed. 
Internet Wrestling Community nearly had a heart attack at the idea of John Cena winning 16th title with the figure four. #SummerSlam 
Does anybody else think @user when they see the son of Chris Evans on TFI Friday. Sorry mate 
Q2 13:00. Philip Rivers pass to Eddie Royal to the New Orleans 42 for 11 yards. 1st & 10. 
Going to see Ant-Man tomorrow. Has tlist been and did you like it? 
"I also remember this one time in 6th, when I bent down to pick my pencil up and farted, in the middle of TAKS. Dx" 
Going ice skating Friday with thalia jack helemma and jazmin maybe giancarlo yaaaaa... 
Back in Norwich City centre on a Wednesday night I am hoping the ’grunge’ look is in honour of halloween and not ’back’! #noplacelikehome 
Seriously can things just go right in my day?! Turns out the Nike run is tomorrow 
F-Sport Friday with CT200h F-Sport. This Lexus eats asphalt, sips fuel. 
I think the last timw I went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade. I dress up as Avril Lavigne! I was obsessed with her back then 
Tomorrow's the $1.00 short pancake at IHOP and I gotta be there at 7am, kms 
@user Lmaooo but the Nicki controversy may get people talking 
"your right David Price win tomorrow, I hope we win. I just prayed my rosary. soo i still believe in you Jays. go jay 
"As of Monday the 22nd, we will have 15% off all compatible/ generic HP, Panasonic, Lanier, and Kyocera cartridges at 
"If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris, you may be only seconds away from death." 
"View the program for the new RNA Nanotechnology GRC, to be held in Ventura, CA Feb 1-6, here: 
"#Nationals 9th Inning had that """"4th Quarter #Redskins"""" feel, didn’t it?  Coulda swore I saw Cundiff shank one from the mound." 
"But hey, i guess you could say at least we (Milan) spent money. 3rd place will be one hell of a mission, but Milan did it to themselves" 
"Trump addresses the RedState Gathering on Saturday, as do two other highly ranked rivals, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker" 
@user It was at Place de la Nation on the day of the mass march after Charlie Hebdo shooting. I probably should have noted that. 
"I had no clue the TCA were on tonight. So to guess who wins, Twilight and Justin Bieber win everything. It happens every year." 
@user he can have 2nd under Gucci 
David de Gea's deal from Manchester United to Real Madrid stalls at the 11th hour - 
"The Home & Garden Show with Ken Brown, Live from Menne Nursery, Sat Sept 22, 11 am. Listen to WBEN am 930 and call in with your questions." 
"Beltre grounds out to short, as Moreland scampers back to the bag at 2nd. One out for Josh Hamilton." 
"Miss USA contestants prepare to take stage - BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) -- Women from across the country Sunday ... #news 
Goodluck Jonathan fought Boko Haram and at the same time transformed the Economy .. @user fumbles &amp; wobbles ... 
@user just asked bc I leave for Israel tomorrow 
It may not be coming to the UK, but here's what you're missing out on with the Galaxy Note 5: 
It's weird that Russell Wilson and I have the same birthrate November 29. Same height 5'11. Same weight 205 lbs. What a coincidence lol 
Are you confused about Scott Walker's position on the 14th Amendment?   So is he.  
@user speaking of IB are you going to Rackley's/Straton's study thing at UMBC tomorrow 
Cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: Washington, Nov 1 (IANS) Researchers have built the first solar... 
Gucci bags death instinct self-assurance june devise the duplicated thy material approach enlargement as far a... 
"Anyone want to come over tomorrow to hang with @user Brentley and I, BBQ, work on bikes?" 
I'm a senior and I'm taking my OGT's for the first time tomorrow ... that's what I get for moving to #cali #ohwell 
@user   What time is the town hall meeting @ Anderson w. Rick Perry tomorrow ? 
Only thing in the way from Barstool UVA tomorrow and College Park this weekend is a paper and a shit ton of spanish hw.  #workgrind 
"Meg-""""you can watch a horror movie tomorrow if you like""""  Me- """"cabin fever?"""" Meg- """"what about Independence Day?""""   @user pls educate her" 
@user did you know that me and @user wait from 10am to 8pm (then Katja joined) in Duomo square in Milan the 3rd for you? 
"Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th, &amp; it's called 'For You' it will include 2 new songs &amp; 4 old songs she's done." 
Perhaps Prime Minister's Questions would be better if policy victims asked the questions. See this with Angela Merkel 
"Future need to rush the stage &amp; perform ""March Madness"" in some Gucci flip flops" 
Indie Band Music Festival this coming Sat and Sun, Olympic Park. Listen to music  in the heart of urban nature 
Paul Dunne has made less bogeys (2) than anyone else in the field thus far. I think he has a chance tomorrow #TheOpen 
"When the delegation of Najran, who were Christians, came to Prophet Muhammad, may infinite divine salutations and... 
@user you may, the wonderful thing about people's tastes - completely different.  This Bentley doesn't offend me too much tbh. 
"A few months ago, I was the 1st person on Facebook to push this story of Saudi Arabia funding Ivy League... 
@user @user @user @user be overflowing with Conservative an Christians its one Saturday 
i may or may not be obsessed with Poetic Justice. 
If Paul Dunne nails it tomorrow then the 1st placed pro should give him the cash #TheOpen2015 
Anybody know how to get the tickets to the Singapore Masters Cup @ the Singapore Indoor stadium next Sunday? 
@user will the service disruption be fixed before the Pride Parade tomorrow? 
Wabasha got into the silica-sand brouhaha Tuesday in hearing on CUP for a sand loading site. The sand question will be with us for years. 
Can we finally talk about how badly Tom Brady is going to shred the #Steelers defense next Thursday? 
Please may you favourite this if you think I actually look like Caitlyn Jenner? 
"On Sunday the 23rd of Septemer, Big Time Movie will air here in Australia." 
Iight lemme stop bs-ing! Over the hatch and down it goes! My 1st (prob last) time drinking Tequi  @ The Lair 
"I know there may be Jews that still hate Christians, but we owe our knowledge of the Savior and the Bible to Israel. 
@user Moto G 3rd &amp; cheerful but loads better than that fkin 24 month pain Nokia Lumia thing, I hated it! 
I may be mean with niall's legs sometimes but it doesnt mean i dont care 
Who is ready for Big Brother tonight? Who do you think well be the next one to go? I have heard rumors may Shelly or Vanessa ? any thoughts? 
#SummerSlam #TitleforTitle Seth Rollins Suit may be white and gold or is it blue and black. Get it? 
first job i ever had was alpah trade vic cord IBM company 7th floor we sold those apps you all have now, nobody knew to buy apples? noapps 
#LRT My mom just called to razz me about not inviting her to help decorate the Pride Parade float I'm going to be in tomorrow. 
That's how you handle a beef lil ass nigg. - Nicki to Meek after she sat down from receiving the award. 
"2x Foo Fighters tickets for this Sat @user MK - selling for face value, shout up if you're interested or know someone who will be!" 
Wish the BBC would 1. wipe the cameras 2. Stop showing Paul Dunne lining up his shots from the 17th at The Augusta National all day 
NBA Video - The Daily Zap: All the action from Wednesday’s six pack can be found right here in the Daily Zap. #NBA 
Also will be helping host the GameOver Basketball HS Showcase Sat Jan 23rd. No Coaches Book. Just come. Featured Game SShore vs Curtis 
"#breaking #news Ohio Gov. John Kasich says of the 1st GOP presidential debate on Thursday: 'I'd like to be there, ... 
business: John Kasich may be the Democratic Party's worst nightmare 
#SGS Fury on brink of beating Haye to Vitali: Tyson Fury is set to face Denis Boytsov on December 1, with the wi... 
HF @user for pay what you wish week! Oct 29- Nov 4 
The Coast Guard first encountered Reza Baluchi on Wednesday after receiving a report about a man in a bubble off the coast of Florida... 
Bayern Munich thrown his first defeat in the Bundesliga at the hands of Leverkusen: Bayern Munich lost on Sunday... 
@user expect a "welcome" post tomorrow. I urge you to google "Jacqueline M. James." 
What's going on tonight in Detroit... 
My mum just asked me what we're supposed to watch now on Thursday nights since Hannibal is over ;A; 
Gucci bags shadow equanimity february housebreak the bilateral thine definite far out complement towards exper... 
Catching up on Sunday NYTimes: 1st thing Bobby Jindal is going to do as president is invade Planned Parenthood lol. 
@user Kasi nga diba may prejudice pa rin about black entertainers? Also Miley says that Nicki keeps pulling the race card-- 
Ben Amos is on the bench for the England U21s. As they take on Serbia in the 2nd leg of their play-off for the Euros. 
"#BreakingNews RIP FRANK GIFFORD, last surviving member of the legendary ABC Monday Night Foot... Via @user 
The heat is gunna kill the Knicks tomorrow 
"If monk goes, who in our coaching staff will replace him in the interim? KoL? Curtis? we may need a sweep of coaching staff too?" 
iPhone 6S launches tomorrow. As does the Mahindra TUV300. Too tired to care. All the best #kthxbye 
FRIDAY: Randy Orton vs. Rebel in a Fans Bring the Weapons Match 
Murray out in straight sets: Andy Murray suffered a surprise early exit from the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Well... 
@user Kafirs need to understand that every Muslim, whichever sect s/he may belong to, is an ambassador of Islam;they will defend it" 
"RT@NBCNews A dramatic hearing today in the case of Amanda Knox, the American woman convicted of murder in Italy. STORY: 
Omg college athletes know what weed is!? Maaaan I thought forsure Snoop Dogg was the only one.. 
"Retweeted Iron Maiden (@IronMaiden):  Alright, it's the last #wEDnesday before #TheBookOfSouls is released so... 
What Frank Gifford passed away? My condolences to you @user and your family. May you feel The Lord surround you during this time 
@user do you know where Shawn is going to be before Vegas? His last show date is London but that's the 15th &amp; Vegas is the 19th 
When I teach a basketball in my own school, we’re gonna spend the 1st day watching Larry Bird videos, & the rest will take care of itself. 
I cant hire the Honey Badger to mow my lawn now...but sounds like he may be better suited to be a weed eater. 
It is said that Israel has a submarine with nuclear ICBMs to retaliate in such a case.You'd have to netralize it 1st 
Bahraini prince to visit Gaza strip: A Bahraini prince will on Thursday make a rare trip to the Gaza Strip to op... 
Karwan e Shair shohoda lunched by air vip pakage 1)iran iraq 22 jan with 3&amp;4 star hotel 2)urmra iran iraq contact: waqar kerblai 03084455248 
#usopen Venus Williams middle name is Ebony Starr last major 2008 Wimbledon d. Serena 7th with  all-time major tied w Henin &amp; Goolagong. 
#BusinessNews P&G shifts top executives to Singapore: US consumer giant Procter and Gamble (P&G) said Friday it ... 
@user hope solo would make it to the 2nd round, then make Rousey's head explode with a death stare" 
Has anyone seen Under the Cherry Moon (film starring Prince) and, if yes, can you confirm if this is a fruitful use of a Friday off work? 
"We have 3 tickets for the Orange Conference, Fri. 9/11. Contact Shawn for more info. Check out this link. 
"Per @user Base Running runs, Kris Bryant has been the 2nd most valuable baserunner in MLB. Billy Hamilton has been twice as valuable." 
MTV is playing only VMA performances rn..they have to play Nirvana's 1992 performance of Lithium like c'mon it's fuckin iconic 
Anyone wanna go to a free concert Saturday in Georgia with me? 
Republican presidential hopeful Jeb Bush delivered parallel messages on Tuesday - one in Spanish, another in English - as he took a sharp 
"'The Dark Tower': Russell Crowe Set To Replace Javier Bardem, Warners May Save The Project: Just in case you wer... 
Sat in the Chuck Close lecture Check out some of his work here  #sfn12 #neuroscience2012 
Murray saves 2 break points and manages to hold serve to level the 4th set at 2-2. Murray not going down without a fight #USOpen 
Marca also report that Real Madrid have issued an apology to Keylor Navas for everything he had to go through on Monday as well. 
@user Lloyd Robertson set to sign off tonight after 41 years as a national news anchor. 
i have a drive test tomorrow n i hope i get the same instructor that talked about nirvana with me the entire time. 
Juventus will lose to Roma on Sunday and will lift the Scudetto come end of the season. 
"I touched base w/ the United States for the 1st time in Greenbelt, MD - Prince George's County." 
Matz needs to come out firing  like Thor tomorrow  first pitch in the same place #Mets #MetsTwitter #MLB 
"Is this the best you can do, Sun? Lol John Cena can generate more heat than this pffftt." 
@user I may need Merlin's help - secretly, of course, but I do not know that I have the power to complete the spell myself." 
Tomorrow is Halloween and I’m going to be glass. Something about Justin Beiber running into me or something. My boyfriend said to say that. 
Pointing out that an American female soldier may have killed Muslims now earns you the label of Khawarij. 
a Lexus in Oct '10 works for allege undercover FBI Agent 12 midnight note my neighbor across the street from my home on Kenbrook have Lexus 
Jimmy Kimmel Live - Axl Rose, Part 1: Part 1 of Jimmy Kimmel’s interview with Axl Rose.Added: Thu Oct 25 11:02:2... 
The memorial of his grace Bishop Samuel ... May he pray for us ... He was assassinated with Sadat on the 6th 
"someone sat down and wrote this chorus. i'm fed up.    ""We are the new Americana High on legal marijuana Raised on Biggie and Nirvana""" 
"Behind the curve, the closed world of haute couture calls in the geeks: A model at Milan fashion week in March... 
@user Norma they are cat 1 bought on 1st day they released. Cant tell exact seats till 2 morrow in work computer from Ticketek. 
Nigeria has retained 53rd position in the latest FIFA global rankings released on Thursday. Super Eagles will... 
@user I got do when I’m in yearbook room so send it like tomorrow. 
Miss Universe 2014 Gabriela Isler and Miss USA  attend the 2014 US Open's 14th Annual USTA Opening Night  Tennis  . 
@user TuLo and EE back in lineup tomorrow w David Price on the bump 
RT @user I copped the New StraightStuntin today last issue..... Dayum!!! Detroit models you know who to come to when u want to b ... 
#TMZeargasm tomorrow.. #Back2Back. We will play Nirvana. Another 4 acts. Who do you want? Tell us :) 
@user   Gay marriage isn't mentioned in the constitution, no marriage is. 14th prevents states from making unequal laws." 
"(via @user Alessio Cerci thought he'd scored for Atleti, ref deemed handball, 2nd yellow, off. Harsh. 
Had a dream about meeting Angela Merkel and discussing the Greece Crisis and how she may not win the next election if debt had to be w/off 
"Just arriving in madrid from Moscow Tomorrow going to HVar, Croatia" 
"SM Branches(so far) where Boruto: Naruto the Movie will be shown tomorrow: Manila, Megamall, Sta. Mesa, and General Santos." 
I don't know a lot of birthdays but one I have memorized is Naruto Uzumaki's. October 10th. I told my roomie and she just started laughing 
Customer Service Advisor Kerry: Kerry, Hours of work: 37.5 hour working week between the hours of Monday to Fr... 
I’m just going to wrap myself in the jamaican flag for America day tomorrow 
If you're free Friday night after the Jason Aldean concert text me and let me know. Throwing a party. 
@user @user @user @user I can call the lady cause Kane won't turn up till Thursday 
@user Alright, let me know. Want to see AC/DC Wednesday at MetLife? Can meet you at Secaucus Station and drive over. 
Spending Friday night with my main man Charles Dickens. 
"Rios beats tag in 8th, Royals sweep White Sox  ...it was #StarWars night at The K." 
Now gotta wait for Friday for the Knicks first game #3seed 
#GRASS/WOODS_FIRE - (Lawrence County) Bridgeport Fire dispatched to the 6th Curve into Petrolia (trust me, if you... 
I think I will take Kermit with me tomorrow & make them talk directly to him during the meeting. (I’m bringing creepy back) 
Nicki Miinaj Talks to Robin Roberts on Good Morning America: Nicki Minaj performed for the Good Morning America ... 
Gucci bags mind intimately december flourish the match yours singleton present-time addition in contemplation ... 
City game at the Ravens stadium Saturday at noon 10 dollars to get in i will be there who else going? 
"Sangha is BJP MARGA DARSHAK, but not like 10 Jan path.Sangha has no political ambitions, it is4all, Muslims also. 
@user @user @user @user Why GOP & Mitt Romney need a new Jack Kemp in the new TAC 
I didn't call Tom Brady the GOAT until he won his 4th Superbowl Ring so idk what this tweet means 
"[Peter sat up and jumped out of the Toyota, meeting @user at the entrance.]" 
"Who want to join me?: Sam Smith at Gila River Arena on Wed. Sep 30, 7:30 PM 
Labor Day weekend fun in the sun. A great white shark finds himself beached on the shore of Wellfleet beach Cape Cod,MA. After hours of 
BREAKING NEWS...........Man utd have placed Howard Webb on the transfer list after new signing Mark Clattenberg makes dream debut on sunday. 
Still working on Batman and the hero's journey and archetype. We will wrap that up tomorrow. Also finishing up RCBM assessments. Goal 151/0. 
"Remember our screening with members from Invisible Children is this Wednesday, September 12th from 7 to 815 pm at Culler Hall 046 for free!" 
Harper supporters: you need to get info from other than Sun, Corus, FOX, CNN, Monsanto, tarsands and Republicans! #duffy #senior #retirement 
Kendrick Lamar may (or may not) have brought out the best (or worst) of me. 
"TEXT POLL: Since it's National Hot Dog Day: Ketchup or Mustard on a  hot dog? Text ""live + ur answer to 32961! (Message/data rates may apply" 
"Y'all was gna be mad at Nicki anyway. She just stole all the headlines for tomorrow, keep fuming bitches! New Queen of the VMA's." 
Gucci host me aplomb april housebreak the distich your human being modish spread unto no slouch nesting: gOkKGAQUZ 
"Kim Kardashian emoji crash Apple store via @user  Dear Santa, for Xmas please may I have a ticket off the planet." 
Nascar Daytona 500 New Journal Complete Feb 19, 1978 Newspaper from the Daytona 500 Race #eBay 
@user  may bug the shit out of me but she was 200% right about Fleetwood Mac on vinyl 
"Hope Cong leaders Sonia, Rahul Gandhi march with flower bouquets to 7RCR PM Modi 4 Pak diplomatic coup. @user @user @user 
SMH Mayor in Washington St. Makes Racist Remarks about PBO &amp; 1st Lady Michelle Obama; Refuses to Resign via @user 
@user @user also didn't Carlo build that Milan team? Or maybe Silvio did all the work and he just sat back and ate pizza 
New post: "No, Serena didn't throw the 2nd set against Venus" 
Check out all of Monday’s highlights in 2:19 with the Daily Zap: 
@user @user @user just need to sit tight and say nowt (Curtis!) until Saturday teatime. 
"Mohsin Hamid’s 2013 novel = """"How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia"""". Think they need more typefaces on the cover? 
WWE fires Hulk Hogan: The World Wrestling entertainment confirmed Friday morning that it had terminated it's c... 
"Paul Dunne, an amateur currently tied for British Open lead, on what he'll think tomorrow on the 1st tee: ""Make contact w/ the ball."" #focus" 
@user @user @user Gay marriage is here today but don't think for a moment it can't disappear tomorrow. 
How did i make it on the bus on Thursday without my ipod???? 
12 other Street Artists from Iran who you may not know. @user @user @user  
I hope Melissa McCarthy gets an Emmy tonight. 
Did you know today is National Hot Dog Day? 
The Coast Guard has ended its search for a third man who was on a boat that sank near the entrance to the Sakonnet River on Thursday night. 
"HM asks Delhi Police to ensure Swachh Bharat drive: On October 2, Modi had paid a surprise visit to the Ma 
It's every golfers dream to walk the 18th at St Andrews on Sunday leading #theopen Just a shame for Paul Dunne the final round is tomorrow 
KENDRICK and SEAN - KEITH want to take you to a GAY BAR -  TONIGHT as we fling cocktails - SUNDAY  7 PM-2 AM... 
"Lough Erne done, serious course, great driving on the 6th @user all to play for tomorrow in Concra Woods #BallinaCup2012" 
@user @user  the gay license case only applies to the parties involved. she may have a different argument 
Who’s going to Plymouth town tomorrow? 
Isis trial begins as MetroPCS welcomes Google Wallet: Monday marked a busy day for mobile commerce in the U.S., ... 
LPG consumers can now fill up KYC form till Nov 15: The government has extended by 15 days the deadline for filling... 
"PGA, 'Big Brother' score for CBS: Jason Day wipes away tears on the 18th green alongside caddie Colin Swatton ... 
Isaia Sue Johnson as of 1:30 am August 10th has been declared the next Caitlyn Jenner. 
@user awesome, our only out and out striker lacking in confidence and out of form. I'm sure the Arsenal fans will back him Sat...... 
I stand with Harper on this. You shouldn't be leaving in the 7th on what essentially is a playoff game. It's not like the game went 
Did you know that 'Frank Gifford' was Trending Topic on Sunday 9 for 6 hours in Calgary? #trndnl 
Quite interesting how #Fiorentina is in 2nd and down the table is the likes of Juve and Milan. 
@user hahaha may b this logic comes from Rahul Gandhi ( a joker on whom the world is laughing ) hahahah 
@user @user @user if I knew on April 1st 1994 that Kurt Cobain was going to die, I must have known the emotional reasons 
@user Red Sox getting battered by the Yankees at home it's 11-1 in the 3rd let's see if they fire the coach. 
@user well destructo is on there and he’s not playing. but lineup and hours are released tomorrow. 
They girls still didn't get a selfie with Nicki n I was actually hoping for that more than the award. May the manips continue to rise smh 
Lead / Enquiry Posted on 02 Nov 2012 11:11:09: Can i have the Onkyo service centre in Singapore? Thanks. Rgds 
@user @user may just be the Nike gear but everyone also looks larger in the "Core" area. 
I am in line to meet E L James! Guess I should start on #fiftyshades for the 4th time! @user #FiftyShadesOfGrey 
Joe Biden will meet with AFL-CIO president, further fueling talk that he may enter the White House race. I predict a Labor Day announcement. 
"How to Play the Okeechobee Music Festival in March With Mumford &amp; Sons, Kendrick Lamar, and More via @user 
@user May sweeps is close to 6 months. I don't think she should be punished though. Let her have Curtis or Lucky at least. 
"North House does Nuit Blanche - We're going to map a route, and get out for a night of city walking... 
"Windy evening twilight enhanced by the Sun's angle, can visually mimic a tornado resulting from orographic lift 
"Upcoming @user exhibition will tell the story of Christianity, Islam &amp; Judaism in #Egypt after the pharaohs 
DTN USA: Sunday on MTP: Scott Walker: THE TRUMP EFFECTDonald Trump has exceeded the expectations of several po... 
Just watched Friday's #GH. About time Sam and McBain kissed! Always thought @user had more chemistry with Michael Easton than Burton 
@user dinner at Hulk Hogan's place with @user Saturday night. Hulk's cooking spaghetti. You in?" 
So what is it about coffee that may protect individuals from such major harms? And if coffee consumption is in... 
@user @user Hillary said that on Sunday, to Andrea Mitchell what are you on a time delay? 
"On this day in August 11, 2014~ #RAW: Seth Rollins vs. Rob Van Dam  
@user I’ll try to take some more pics tomorrow, I lost mi phone during the service and all I got right now is that pic I sent you 
@user is it at your house? If you're free at all tomorrow we can see if Curtis can come look at it ? Text meee 
"Despite the rumors, both of Hulk Hogan's documentaries in the #BeyondTheRing section are still available at this time. They may go though." 
I want chris evans arms to kill me 
when 5quad is on digi's sc tomorrow but you break your phone... 
"similar ...i hope u bring some conducive news in relation :D ..I heard he wants Milan, just like Draxler wanted Juve 
Downloading different versions of the Greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a Thursday night.. This is my life now.. 
"Khedira, Real Madrid's 'new signing': Carlo Ancelotti was all smiles this Thursday. After a long lay-off, the ... 
@user The Ladykillers (which I first saw in London), Chicago (for about the 8th time) and Mrs Brown's Boys (tv recording)." 
@user if you are using an iPhone or iPad you may not be able to view it their youtube app.  Try on your computer. 
Effort pa friends!!! Sarah G. Day is down to the 3rd spot nalg. Huwar patibag! :) @user @user @user @user 
the new season of american crime is based on that Friday Night Lights Amy Schumer parody sketch? 
Kingsley Coman joins Bayern on loan from Juventus: Matthias Schmitt Before the close of the transfer window on August 31st, FC Bayern... 
Some of our services will be affected tomorrow in Cardiff due to the Pride parade, full details here 
@user excellence. (Speaking of, that may be the ONLY Paul McCartney song in my rotation right now, other than Hey Jude)." 
"For the first time in about 4 months, I'm spending my friday night at home watching netflix and not wearing pants" 
HBD to a terrible Justin Bieber poser but I guess he is kinda cool! Hope you have a kick ass 18th! 
El Ahly will play with Atletico Madrid on Nov 18 
@user I feel like Bomani vs. Rovell intellectually is roughly equivalent to Rousey vs. a 4th grader in the octagon. 
"Confirmed: Sam Smith is Doing the James Bond ""Spectre"" Theme Song (And We'll Hear it Tuesday Morning): 
"Jennifer Lawrence was just a normal high schooler not too long ago, just check out these...  
"Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th, &amp; it's called 'For You' it will include 2 new... 
"Brian Kelly said he wanted to play Torii Hunter more on Saturday, but it was hard to take Will Fuller out of the game." 
"Playing All Apologies by Nirvana from the album ""In Utero (20th Anniversary) [Remastered]"" - iTunes: 
@user way did sheamus in Monday night raw wanted to cash in the money in the bank after he did a big boot to Seth Rollins ? 
Remember on Seinfeld when Kramer got fired from job they never hired him for in the 1st place? Anyways enuf abt white ppl's advice for #BLM 
Why am I just hearing this? ... Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt #np on #SoundCloud 
Come out and join us for the SIA Trek or Treat, October 27th! It’s a fundraiser for the Safe House! 
Why is Rousey worried bout money may pay and I'm pretty sure they not even in the same tax bracket 
"TGI Friday! Bcos tomorrow #SpringFest starts! See you 1pm Sat @ St Patrick's Point, Lake Wendouree for 1st event of w/e: outrigger canoeing!" 
"Tuesday’s Cable Ratings: TNT, FX Top Charts with NBA, ""Sons of Anarchy"" 
@user I'm getting the same. I heard that ""Thor"" may have gone to #Canberra. Not sure about the others." 
"as nirvana plays at the bar @user says ""omg i love creed!"" ..........yes may I have a bag of breadsticks togo pls????" 
I might go see Foo Fighters Monday. Just got to get acquainted with their songs except for the mainstream ines 
Saudi Arabia's oil-induced cash crunch may come quicker than you think 
Athletics bring the winning run to the plate!   David Price coming back for the 8th. I imagine Sanchez was only warming up to get work in. 
Jim Harbaugh, Alex Smith Drive Giants World Series Parade Cars: Earlier Wednesday we told you that Jim Harbaugh ... 
I may or may not be in love with Kanye west 
Until Dawn worth the buy? Going to pick up my PS4 tomorrow 
@user @user should consider a rally towel for the Pats game! Haven’t had that  environment at Sun Life since 08 playoffs! 
I still doubt Apple will announce new iPad at tomorrow's event. Apple might dedicate most of the keynote on new Apple TV. 
This is the binder Dexter picked out for 1st grade! 
"Tom Rinaldi asks Paul Dunne what he'll be thinking if he tees off Monday with share of lead. ""Make contact with the ball."" Great stuff." 
May just have to write a letter to Frank Ocean everyday until I figure out when this album will drop. #NotebookFlex 
Schools in Philly and Delaware have already cancelled classes for Monday and Tuesday.....UMBC will remain open the entire storm. 
To all 90’s ladies, see you on 15th Dec - Axl Rose. @user @user @user (teaser biar gak kecewa) 
just bought my ticket for knott's friday and I'm not entirely sure if I did things correctly hopefully I can print my ticket tomorrow 
"Busy day ahead in Lev-Loan land. Wed's launches: Schiff, Sophos, Wabash, PRV Aerospace, Emerald Performance Materials. #privateequity" 
... Mumbai ’A’ against England in the visitors’ 2nd practice game from November 2 to 5. Mumbai ’A’ to be led by Suryakumar Yadav and 
@user why have Hammond and may been verified but not you? #wtf 
Capt and Chloe were at the Fall For Horses event at the New Jersey Horse Park on Sunday in Allentown, NJ and had... 
"No one else may be able to sanction it, but Rousey vs. Mayweather (in some capacity) can work in #WWE" 
"YIKES! Daylight Savings is Sunday, November 2nd -THIS WEEKEND! Help your kids adjust to the time change with... 
Tomorrow we have yoga for early birds! #Atmananda #Vinyasa Flow with Ragia at 7:30am. Get your yoga on before work! 
"Should I read my Spanish textbook and then the seventy pages of Paper Towns due tomorrow, or should I watch Netflix?... I choose Netflix...." 
Newly acquired LHP David Price fired eight innings of one-run ball Monday in the #BlueJays' 5-1 defeat of the #Twins. #MLB 
@user wiz is that kid from 8th grade who made sure everyone knew how much weed he smoked &amp; wore huff socks and Nike slides 
Why on Eid Military Officers looked like National Leaders? Where were the politicians? 
"Should I translate this: Explanation of 3rd nullifier of Islam by Sulayman al-Alwan: ""Whoever does not make takfir on the Mushrikin""" 
"When DMD MV will be released tomorrow, but then you realize it's the 1st MV without ZAYN. #DragMeDownMusicVideo 
Wednesday’s Laugh:  ESKOM:  A little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by a... 
#nowplaying Last Friday Night - Katy Perry on 95XFM with @user 
20 June 2012, out European Tour party drove the fabulous road from Davos to Stelvio. This is the last little bit... 
"White House Responds To Kanye West's Presidential Bid, Rihanna Says She'd Vote For Yeezy: On Sunday at the 201... 
Chris Christie and John Kasich make the cut // Ricks Perry and Santorum do not 
Original planned release date for Blue Diamond X: Oct 6. Instead, Nike drops two new Bron styles on the same day as the Rose 3 launch... 
on Thursday, as Britney Spears, Jennifer Hudson, Halle Berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles. 
What do you liked about peru? *-*  #askdongho ..see u tomorrow in fanmeeting <3 
Ferguson: Obama says "there's no excuse" for violence, says it erred in not sending higher level official to anti-terror march in Paris. 
20 years ago this Sunday, Jerry Garcia, the musical and spiritual leader of the Grateful Dead, passed away at 53: 
"Going to see Foo Fighters in concert tonight, Kenney Chesney tomorrow night + the MTV VMAS with Miley Cyrus hosting in Hollywood on Sunday!!" 
Night of acoustic music tomorrow with David Wright and Sheona McQue 
@user Naruto groans as he rubbed the back of his head. ""Yeah..I'm fine. ""He sat up to look at his daughter." 
@user @user Exactly. Only reason Torres even came back into the lime-light were for 1st minute goals vs Madrid &amp; Barca 
"#TeamFollowBack Another pageant, another Q&amp;A fail to make you question our educational systems During Sunday's Miss USA p...  #FollowBack" 
Arsenal could buy PSG's Lavezzi in the January transfer window after admitting that he is likely to leave #Arsenal 
"RT @user There is also a second Mexico City, Mexico show on October 19th. Same venue as the show on the 18th, Palacio de los Deportes." 
If you address Sebastian Stan or Chris Evans somebody else may respond instead. #marvel #chrisevans #sebastianstan 
"Going to @user playing main stage Sat 13.25 with Cat Dowling, then Deezer stage Sat 19.45 with Violet Roadkills! see you there!" 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler are hosting the Golden Globe awards on January 13. What do you think? 
It's the FINAL day to get your #tickets for our Annual Gala on Sat.! Join us &amp; follow along online with #RethinkingHunger #nyc... 
@user Watching the mayor of Iqaluit and Elizabeth May square off (on Twitter) is quite the sight. 
Go Set a Watchman comes out on Tuesday? Might read it. Or maybe I'll retread To Kill a Mockingbird first. Summer read number 4? 
"Rob Ford on Scott Walker's Canadian border wall: ""It sounds to me a little off the wall."" 
Juventus' heatmap in the 1st and 2nd half. 
Brit model reveals all about threesome with Justin Bieber - The Sun 
@user No, but you missed the Eid event in Trafalgar Square on Saturday." 
Are you ready to go back to school? Our next Beer U is August 18 at 7PM. $25 feat Sam Smith beer! For resos email jenny.price@mcnellies.com. 
"#SNews Shakes: Don't worry we're still in it, Mathoho &amp; Coetzee out, Boks all fit, Honda/McLaren split? Kev v Murray, Isner v Fed 4th Rnd." 
Manturov: Russia and Iran may begin the payments in national currencies #news #Russia 
@user need tailgate tips! How do you keep food warm w/ no crock pot? Wanna make buffalo chix dip for WVU game Saturday! 
Still on the 16th spot #MTVStars The Vamps 
That's a scathing attack on Sonia and Rahul Gandhi. Both the fake degrees are proved so far. More power to Shobha ;) 
Everyone refresh so we can break Taylor's Bad Blood record for most views in 24 hours! C'mon Beliebers we can do it #WhatDoYouMeanMusicVideo 
in history we were talking about Islam and then God and i  just quietly sat there laughing 
Player of the Game on Monday: Kris Bryant or Jon Lester?  You make the call: 
"The Sun be like:  ""1D band member Louis Tomlinson spotted with mysterious blonde.Is he cheating on pregnant Briana?"" 
Steelers gonna get waxed on Thursday without LeVeon Bell and Tom Brady back for the Patriots. 
@user awwwww Shelley I was at universal tuesday. Just at Florida Mall, flying home tonight x 
"I started watching a Vine with a black and orange cat, so my cat sat on my face. Thanks, Twilight." 
Vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the Prix de Royallieu at Longchamp on Saturday. 
ALERT: Vice President Joe Biden will be speaking at the JCC tomorrow. ROAD BLOCKS And MAJOR traffic is expected... 
"I'm going to @user at US Bank Arena in Cincinnati, OH - Oct 9 
It's my 6th year on Kpop scene so maybe i know some things that you don't know dear. 
"""""@RealKatWiIIiams: Imagine how short church would be if Busta Rhymes was the preacher...."""" @user wish he did ash Wed" 
@user I figure Bentley was worse because he strung Ashley along for weeks when he didn't like her at all. But Joe's a close 2nd! 
Anonymous asked: beard tweetd that intense message at M on tuesday abit after the halloween partys and she... 
Erdogan wants new election Nov. 1: Turkish president appears to be betting that a vote could revive the fortun... 
The season opener for the New York Knicks is now Miami @ New York On Friday. That’s how it should be. 
"New 50 Cent Mixtape May 22, Hospitalized For Mystery Illness Today: New 50 Cent songs for the Gangsta Grillz 201... 
@user So it will be available on the 8th on PS4 in the UK? 
John Kasich and Rick Perry are vying for the 10th slot. But a tie could mean another podium on the debate stage. 
Tyga may have not bought a bitch a Bentley but he still bought one a Ferrari. 
"Erik Johnson to start for White Sox on Sunday:  White Sox pitcher, Erik Johnson, will make his first major-lea... 
@user tbh I also wanted to have him and Kane gain a partnership in case we need it 1-0 down and need a 2nd striker. No better game. 
Community, Cougar Town, Friday Night Lights, Glee, Mad Men, Modern Family, six feets under, skins, Terra nova o the wire??? 
"Sometimes you have a Monday and a half. For those days, I rely on Sam Smith and Jack Daniels." 
Arnab Goswami why so angry with Rahul Gandhi ..its his programme..probably Gandhi did impress the students. That may be the reason. 
"#NaijaurbanSports  Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Oliseh, has urged Nigerians not to expect an the team to be an... 
@user {Ari heard Circe’s giggle and sat up in her hammock} Er, anybody there? {She called out, scanning the shore line of the-- 
@user you remember being king of the playground Monday mornings? I feel like a Tooting&Mitcham fan now days 
Fynn's 9th Birthday is coming up, would it be too early to buy him the first Harry Potter book??? 
I've woken up to a text every day since Friday with somebody different telling me I look like Ice Cube 
selling my justin bieber ticket for May 11th at the td garden in Boston for a discounted price tonight!! dm me! 
"When u tell ur boss u can't work on Saturday bc ur taking the ACTs and he says ""change the date""  Oh yes ok bc dunkin is my main priority !!" 
Not to excited for what the satellites have to wear this Friday game but it's all Gucci at least we all actually match 
#OneDirection are breaking up following Zayn's departure. But a founder exiting shouldn't mean the end of a business 
but Kevin Durant did become the 2nd youngest player in NBA history to reach 10,000 point 
"Rest in Peace, Frank Gifford. Monday Night Football was my weekly habit with Howard and Dandy Don Meredith." 
Gosh darn it I really hope I get to meet Niall and the rest of one direction in December:/ 
Who's going to be our penalty taker next season? I'd go for Vermalen or Cazorla 3rd choice Podolski #Arsenal #AFC 
@user you think she's ugly only because Zayn may be dating her.Most y'all judge them bc you want to be the one dating Zayn or whatever 
"On Oct 29th, Vettel will drive the Infiniti Q50 Eau Rouge up &amp; down Congress Avenue in downtown Austin via @user 
@user @user Nintendo should just pack it up and go 3rd party if its not at LEAST 4. 
@user bro u gotta see my videos today I was jukin the shit out the raiders 
Coalition is necessary for the 1st time Muslim stood up ag terrorsm wdout dependng on west.Iran cant be bcz all Ts there assets. @user 
SC to resume Yakub's petition hearing tomorrow: The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Centre to explain apparent irregularity in dism... 
##$$## Black Friday Deals Nikon D3200 24.2 Megapixels Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm NIKKOR VR Lens, Black & Nikon ... 
"Maybe the ponies in Ponyville have interesting things to talk about! C'mon, Twilight, just try! #Spikebot" 
@user good for David Cameron. Importing the 3rd world while displacing traditional European culture is NOT in their best interest. 
Brandon Crawford knocks in Ryan Braun with a sac fly in the 9th. 6-3 AL #ASG 
Preview: Los Angeles Galaxy vs. Vancouver Whitecaps: Thursday night marks the first... #Soccer #local_TO #education 
Oh. When shall i give it? I'm thinking of giving it tomorrow or on niall's birthday. Hmmm... 
Paloma Faith may not have a Brit but she has to be a shoe in for the Chelsea Flower Show #scd 
"Got my Monthly NOVEMBER Pass today , it's the NEW ORLEANS SAINTS color" 
I'm gonna go buy a canvas tomorrow n paint Nicki dragging MILEY thru the mud 
Friday post-game IHOP is having their 2nd annual pancake bonanza. Fans of the winning team will get a short stack for $2 or 20% off meal... 
Did you know that 'Frank Ocean' was Trending Topic on Thursday 20 for 5 hours in San Francisco? #trndnl 
"Nah that Gucci lit ma, you been glowing. 
Gonzaga women win Cal Poly invitational - Wed, 31 Oct 2012 PST: Gonzaga placed four golfers in the top 10 on... 
@user we will ! I'm about to apply at your Dunkin tomorrow when I get off work tbh 
Quick Panch run with Dozer and Ying turns into me getting home at 1230 on Monday. #collegeproblems 
I have two Jason Aldean Tickets on sale for Saturday's concert! $30 each or $50 for both! Text me or DM me if you want them! 
tomorrow i wil go back to milan lol i don't want to tbh 
"When you claim to see the sun light, but it turns out to be a flashlight. Just bc Zayn left doesn't mean they'll break up. #OhNoTheSun" 
@user Friday flight JFK to LAX @user AM. Is it still on? Will we get home? 
Dj Mix N Match spinning live to air with z103.5 this Wednesday October 31st at City Nightclub! 
Please put on your calender to come to the Petrolia-VFD Social Hall in Petrolia, PA this Saturday night the Raise... 
I still cannot connect the missing link that is why if Jesus is The Messiah why He didnt restore Israel to its former glory on His 1st come 
"Starts Friday, August 7th, MAX, PAPER TOWNS, TESTAMENT OF YOUTH. Buy reserved seats online with no service fee at... 
FM Preview: Derby County v Peterborough United 28 Apr 2012: FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as... 
Advice to each #GOP candidate in order of how I think they finished 9th place John Kasich Contrast with Bush more #gopdebate #tcot #p2 
Come join us this coming Sunday and help us support Living Yoga during Woodstock Gives Back!  It's going to be... 
Here's your fair warning that tonight I'm taking a break from serious topics and watching Sharknado 3. With wine. And may tweet about it. 
forcing myself to only listen to sam smith for the next 24 hrs to please my sister for the concert tomorrow but dude like. 
Last Saturday, your PHBmates in Cebu, all performed some of Britney’s Hits! Basing on this picture, you’ll have... 
Ben Affleck with @user before Thursday practice #SpartanDawgs 
@user I will try that. Some Scott Walker may do the trick. 
John Kasich says the Reagan people talk of is a caricature and Reagan was moderate. Kasich may be a cartoon but Reagan is no caricature 
"Boko Haram has not being stopped in the 1st 100days as promised and some blind people and calling reasonable people ""wailers"" #100WastedDays" 
"I'm going to be so jealous on Friday when I watch my friend buy his PS4, haha. Oh well" 
You may be cool but you'll never be David Beckham at the Wimbledon cool. #Wimbledon2015 #DavidBeckham 
@user Choose one:   A. Spurs finish 4th, but Arsenal win the Treble.   B. Spurs finish 4th, above Arsenal, but means no new stadium? 
Im bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow, I just hope it doesn’t get all squiched 
@user @user it's the 2nd part of one of his first projects when his name wasn't frank ocean (Lonny breaux) I don't think 
"RT @user Wow Ghana vs Nigeria is tomorrow, the way I forgot boi<lol is anyone even going?" 
So the Penguin/Random House merger is to go ahead? Better than it falling into Murdoch’s clutches. (A mistake for TUC to sell Sun 41 yr ago) 
@user @user kinda hoping Matz pitches inside tomorrow, though he's a different pitcher than Thor" 
Italy: Also tonight Livorno host Cesena looking to end of run of 2 home defeats on the trot.Hellas in 2nd welcome lowly Lanciano tomorrow. 
"Curtis - Inde, KY would go after Davis despite the 1st Amendment (And 2 Muslim truck drivers get $240 000. See )" 
"Selling 1 section B, Row 5, seat 28 to The Vamps in Jan on the 23rd!!!!!! right in front of brad HMU @user 
@user Come SUPPORT the SHOW/MOVEMENT at Park dale High School on Oct 26th from 8-11 w/ AJA, DREAMTEAM, HQB, DSB & HIB 
@user this may be creepy but you actually look at lot like Lady GAGA. I never got a good look at you but I saw one of ur selfies 
@user you wouldn't go near Curtis's at the moment would you. I can't imagine Irish Cav will still be fav by the off tomorrow 
BUENOS AIRES--Argentina late Wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could s ...  
Rousey fight on the same card?!?  
RT @user Two Democrats face recalls in Wisconsin tonight: 
I got a solo DM with Zayn in July- I missed him in LA in August- He follows me 2 days later- He unRTed my art- My account is gone. Wonderful 
Katy Perry 'to perform at the 2015 Super Bowl Halftime Show in February'   
A twilight anniversary vigil will be held in Martin Place tomorrow to mark one year since the Lindt Cafe Siege. #TenNews 
"Gorzelanny finishes the AB, walks Schwarber. 2 on and 1 out for Kris Bryant in the 5th" 
Coming up next....The main event of the evening....Anderson Silva VS Yushin Okami... 
Battlefield 3, Open Lobby, ’Rats Clan’ Xbox Live Server, Sunday 9:30pm GMT.  ...bring the rain. 
"UFO goes into VOLCANO | October 26, 2012 | Mexico | What do you guys think? #paranormal" 
Droid Bonic ICS device? You may want to research if you are having issues 
When you spend the day being Angela Merkel to 9th graders and then leave your bag in an uber. #Cant 
Kris Bryant two-run HR ties the game at 4-4 his 22nd of the year #Cubs 
"Photoset: myniallerproblems: Oh my gawd - Vancouver, BC | July 17, 2015 Niall will be the death of me 
Xmas Deal Alert Original Nintendo Game Boy Console with 4 Games + Mad Catz Car Charger:  $39.99End Date: Thurs... 
Rousey rising: A benchwarmer argues against those who call the UFC champ's ... - Santa Maria Sun #Robot 
@user  @user @user @user @user HOOSIER DOME in Indianapolis tomorrow!  Let's make this bananas! 
@user so kris Bryant was coming up but he decided to send him with the ball in infield and Russ barely turning 3rd base..... Smh 
@user may as well bring me back to life just to end my life again because SAM SMITH is doing it instead 
The Genre-A-Day for Aug 04 is Mellow Gold with music by Billy Joel, Don Henley, Fleetwood Mac and more  
@user make  David beckham tomorrow 
Hulk hogan may love red white and blue but he doesn't like black #HulkHogan 
Last Man Standing Season 2 Premieres November 2nd on ABC with an Election Theme via @user 
Meet the Chicago Millennials Who Started a Donald Trump Super PAC | Chicago magazine | #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I hear the Mariners are 19-3 following the past two releases of Sharknado.  #Sharknado3 comes out Wednesday. #GoMariners #StatsAreFun 
Fast Lerner: Subpoenaed tech guy who worked on Hillary's private server says he'll plead the 5th (sound familiar?) 
@user I think they did in 10/11 when TV5 was out. Certainly played at home v Barcelona, hard to believe it’s the same pair as on Tuesday! 
Don’t miss these upcoming SPC events:  On November 15th - A post-election breakdown with Mark and Mark,... 
@user will you be at cypress tomorrow night? 
Join us at one of our Sunday Offerings... 10am Therapeutic Yoga with Kimberly 12pm Mellow Flow with Marjorie 
Dana White says it's 'stupid' to question Ronda Rousey's gameplan for Holly Holm: Saturday night offered up on... 
@user then RAHUL Gandhi may be one of the mastermind behind #26/11.. 
@user @user I think Trump'd probably prefer not to mention the IRA years tbh 
@user do you think Atlantic city will be accessible for Friday?? 
#Trayvon My daily tweet (9/15) in memory of Trayvon Martin- killed 203 days ago. ~May you Rest in Peace~ (Keep family in your prayers -Love) 
The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Sunday it now considers the conflict in Syria a civil war, meaning international... 
"Brutal review in the White Sox - Red Sox game. He should be safe at 3rd, but he did technically kinda sorta come off the base" 
Apple hasn't ever focused on gaming, but has enjoyed incredible success with iOS gaming. Apple TV may focus on games: 
I think john cena may struggle with the concept of object permanence 
@user Anderson won the 4th set in a tiebreaker 7-0 and Murray won the 3rd in a tiebreaker I think 7-3 
Scott Walker wants a wall between USA and Canada  Pull the Ottawan. I'll have Nunavat. Yukon not be serious. 
@user Bruce Jenner may have; however, Caitlyn Jenner is teaching some &amp; reminding others about humanism &amp; compassion. #IAmCait" 
i'm not believing anything until i see zayn's fine ass on the red carpet tomorrow night 
I mean c'mon look at ashton playing the drums 
Many may know Frank Gifford as a legendary football player devoted to the New York Giants. Others may hear his... 
JUST IN: Ohio Governor John Kasich made the cut for Thursday's GOP presidential debate in Cleveland hosted by FOX News. 
"Nikki Beach Miami next Friday Night for the ALL WHITE AFFAIR, with @user @user --- Tix at 
@user was playing Temple Run earlier, was thinkin of you and I in 6th year xo 
Trying to find a address on chelsea chinenye oguejiofor she move to boston ma. july 26 2015 from africa on a visa? 
@user *he sighs and gets on his knees and hugs him and his starts to tear up* Naruto... C'mon! I know you can beat this! You can't+ 
"get ready Lovatics, the voting starts on October 23rd 
#YakubVerdict Yakub should be hang by tomorrow any how.Then it will be great victory of our Hindustan Constitutionthe half part we have won. 
"#metro #news: Reborn Parma kick off with win in fourth division: MILAN, Sept 6 (Reuters) - Parma, kicked out o... 
"Don't forget - Jonathan Kozol this Thurs 6pm -NW 375 E. Chicago. Tlkng abt new book, """"Fire in the Ashes:25 yrs amgst Poorest Chldrn In Am.""""" 
Tom Brady is going off on Thursday. 
@user Devil Inside , The exorcisism of Emily Rose , Wrong Turn 4 , See no evil with Kane and Friday the 13th. 
@user Let me know if Dustin Johnson is still leading on the back nine on Sunday. 
beyonce nicki and miley are gonna be at the VMAs tomorrow but I bet you she'll stay with nick or like pharrell @user if you dare 
"Nets Roster Set, Deron Dishes on Ankle - Saturday, the Brooklyn Nets were up and at 'em for a full practice, now th... 
Gov. Mitch Daniels will announce his Indiana Supreme Court pick at 10 a.m. Will the 3rd time be the charm for a female member of the panel? 
Pentagon open to more than just #Blackberry?  iOS and Android may make an appearance. 
Madonna may have helped paved the road for singers like Rihanna, Katy Perry , Gaga etc.. but Rih owns that road now. 
"Sunday Reflection: Why the GOP should give Obama the higher taxes ...: Well, the debt deal is behind us, but it'... 
1 million Jews just sat up and listened when Seth Rollins' nasal voice rang out. #RAW 
Who wants to come to U2 with me? And by that I mean buy me a ticket. 
Conor McGregor will be serenaded into the Octagon by Sinead O'Connor on Saturday night. The Dubliner takes on Chad Mendes for the UFC's 
@user you going to Digi in October 
Paul Dunne &amp; his @user teammates played in #TheSagamoreClub Fall Collegiate Preview in 2014. Dunne may win the @user tomorrow. 
Jason Aldean ticket for sell. Dm me if you want it. It's for Saturday night 
The H Roundup - Google Drive backdoor, Wayland 1.0 and Raspberry Pi: In the week ending 27 October - Google ... #in 
"Red Bull boss confirming that Vettel will be released on the 28th  November, thus missing the two-day test on November 25th and 26th." 
Taiwan wins visa free travel to US: Six Taiwanese tourists arrived in New York on Thursday as the first from the... 
Floyd Mayweather Vs Andre Berto Sept 12th ..... I'm pretty sure we know the outcome lol but hey anything's possible. 
Unless its on 19th. Rahul Gandhi will be a little busy that day I presume.  
Just got to LAX and have a few hours before my flight to OKC. Prayers for Briana tomorrow as she has surgery to remove enlarged lymph nodes 
On Thursday night, White Arrows, Hindu Pirates and Group Love entertained the crowds who showed up on the sand a... 
@user The incubation period for HIV may last up to 6 months, and may be mistaken for other diseases before the person becomes aware." 
Sending troops to Iraq may be a dangerous game for Turkey: Ankara's dispute with the federal government in Ira... 
"Troy Bird's 1st Grade teacher asked him how many stars there were on the American Flag. Chuck Norris replied ""Yes."" and was correct." 
28th in Super Tuesday. Was chipleading since the bubble and AK < AJ < KK after A on the flop in monster chiplead pot and 77< A6o >avg pot. 
"It's the 1st of the month, folks. Time to get your 5 Psalms/1 Proverb per day going. These 2 books teach how 2 feel and think as Christians." 
"From ESPN: La Liga: Barca and Betis march on, Malaga held: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table afte... #NCAA" 
Photo: July 21st: Karlie Kloss and Cara Delevingne at the Paper Towns premiere in New York City 
"On this day in history July 24, 1965 #BobDylan release ""Like a Rolling Stone""" 
"Lady Gaga, Rita Ora, Victoria Beckham and more at the British Fashion Awards on Monday in London." 
@user 1st up, obama on that poster with that caption??? Trayvon had parents just like dad on the right. Like they don’t grieve? 
@user when Trevor Knight doesn't hit up Katy Perry and now you gotta tell him he 2nd string 
@user Jesus! Il keep a look out. Got a job interview with Hmv tomorrow 
there's a scene in SOC that has Ice Cube writing the script for Friday which the director of SOC also directed. The meta is too real. 
Carnival tomorrow. Then going to mcdonalds with Deztanee and Sam after. \m/ 
Been using the @user watch for a few days now and going to compare it to the Apple Watch tomorrow on OMN. 
Friday is cold but here.  How are you guys doing?  Win Evanescence tickets plus Stone Sour’s new album in about 15 minutes... 
check my 1st time playin with JLin. #linsanity 
YouGov poll for Sun finds that 41% would vote to remain in the EU while 40% would vote to leave that would settle everything... 
Josh Hamilton just chased a pitch in the dirt for the first out of the 1st. 
"Cena may be gone from the arena, but u know someone's gonna runin this ceremony; but who, Kane? Sting? Someone new? WHO IS IT? @user #RAW" 
I went to the Marijuana March, but I do not remember what happened there. 
ACT at HF tomorrow. But I need a calculator with programs. Who got one I can borrow!? 
@user @user ...the SCOTUS could rule tomorrow that the entire Bill of Rights is unconstitutional and it would be binding! 
"Dear Lord of Israel, we humble ourselves this morning and come before you. May your Hand deliver us from this... 
"Oh, oh, oh just realised it's 3 weddings in a row then PJ Harvey on Sunday" 
May or may not have danced with @user at zac brown band tonight #lifegoalcomplete 
#chicagocubs #chicago #cubs #mlb Kris Bryant in lineup after leaving Sunday's game with dizziness 
@user Paul McCartney may have sung about Jet, but my vote's for Tails." 
Atletico Madrid keeping tabs on Petr Cech and are weighing up a January bid for the Chelsea goalkeeper 
"Dont know what all the worry about kane is for,we all know he doesnt start his season till november!#COYS" 
Darel from IHOP, may I have some pancakes with bacon. Eggs fried 
I'm pullin a john cena on some random kid in the hall tomorrow 
Watch Apple's September 9 iPhone and more launch on @user If you have a few hours to kill. 
Gucci breeches persona suspension of disbelief july blossom the couplet yours peculiar fellow feeling continua... 
He may not longer be the representative of the @user but Tony Blair is still heading up this initiative.  
Ted Cruz dusted off a joke about Chuck Norris's pajamas to wish Jim DeMint a happy birthday Wednesday. 
What do you think of the outfit Caitlyn Jenner wore to Kylie's 18th? 
"Phillips Idowu has pulled out of the London Grand Prix, meaning 4th spot is UP FOR GRABS." 
*firework go off  Jake: it's way past 4th of July wtf  Me: Memorial Day?  Jake: makes sense  Me:  Jake: Me: Jake: Labor Day you jackass   Oh 
"When Earth 2.0 is 9th trending on twitter, way after 'Hulk Hogan says nigger' you know its time for our extinction" 
When you're 33, sitting at home watching Netflix by yourself, can it still be considered going up on a Tuesday? 
@user Hi, any plan for a custom made design case for Moto G 3rd gen? Seem your site still stuck on the first generation..." 
Suits, White Collar and Necessary Roughness Will Return in January: USA has set the dates for the return of thre... 
Josh Hamilton got the mandatory boos when he returned to Angel Stadium Friday. - Daily News 
Amanda Knox judge: No new DNA evidence: The judge in the Amanda Knox trial Wednesday rejected a prosecution requ... 
Feels Like Vegas In LA @user  @user Auditions in 4 SATURDAY!! Movie Called RAYMOND LEGENDS U will be shooting the TRAILER 
Katy Perry -Last friday night just came on the music video channel. Is this a sign or something 
@user I believe Zayn's return is due for Jan so he'll probably be at the Rumble. No idea what they'll do with Hideo. 
cena all day he always speaks the truth and Seth Rollins will be his bitch on Sunday trust me #16TimeChampSoon  
Someone please go to work for me tomorrow so I can lay in bed and watch Greys Anatomy all day. 
but if I don't go to the game tomorrow and Niall does go I'll be very upset 
@user Jeb Bush, who hates Trump right now, just agreed to support Trump if he wins...to keep Trump from going 3rd party. ha! 
Jan Hooks: IceCarats Designer Jewelry 14K Madi K Synthetic Garnet (Jan) Dangle Earrings: Explore the IceCarats Design 
SCOTUS  rules against clerk in gay marriage case Kim Davis's lawyer says she will show Tues and accept her fate. 
@user may I get a solo with Niall, please?" 
"If ""Carol"" doesn't make you yearn for Cate Blanchett to take you out for a flirtatious martini lunch, you may wish to seek medical attention" 
@user Yup this one. Shocking. Anyway I hope Milan don't bottle it tomorrow, for all I care for." 
"Take the Romans. In the 2nd-3rd centuries BC, the Romans were at war with Hannibal and his army of mercenaries.... 
7th round:  When is Niall's Birthday?  First to get 5 points wins the DM with Liam 
@user You may be interested in my memoir, Oy Vey, My Daughter's Gay -would love you to read/review/share it 
Ba facing fitness fight: Demba Ba is rated as ’50-50’ to make Newcastle United’s trip to Liverpool on Sunday, with... 
Gucci variety death instinct in confidence march cook up the duo thine morphological individual far out contra... 
@user dunno. Ibra may not leave. Hes almost 34. Kane mayb but he looks off. Eithier a one season wonder or his head is turned 
"Mom Absent on Mother's Day -  Hello, Mother's Day 2010 fell on my weekend with my son. Thursday prior, I asked the... 
4th politics isn't about hypocrisy its about strengthening Muslims with strategy according to Islam and working for people welfare 
Outdoor Movie Night tomorrow!!  Come see Lorax while you eat hot dogs, and munch on popcorn and other treats.  Food at 6pm, movie at dusk 
Semper Entertainment brings you Nirvana: Where Time Stands Still with the BEST DJs in Metro this August 15!!! At... 
Seth Rollins is going to be at the house show in Beaumont. So i think he may win. I really doubt the WWE WHC will be at a house show #RAW 
Debuting tomorrow. Check back because I'm stealing it from Rolling Stone as soon as it debuts William Clark Green. 
They really shoulda had the Weeknd close tonight and BEYONCE tomorrow. We know his album just dropped but you can't top the queen 
Sugar bowl for breakfast then Stamford mall with friends from Denmark. Basketball tryouts for 7th grade. It’s going to be a very long day. 
@user If I buy a Moto G (3rd Gen) from Moto Maker, will the 4G work in New Zealand/Telecom networks? (1/?)" 
The Addo Rose and Garden Show takes place from tomorrow until Sunday at the Valentine Hall in Addo. #EasternCape. 
@user john cena without u on Rae it would not a good raw you are the main reason I watch Monday night Raw without you I can't watch it 
"Aaron Rodgers: good in the 4th Qtr, but too cautious overall? 
I want Nicki to fight Miley on a national awards show so bad and tonight may be the night 
Don’t Forget The Classical Brit Awards At 10pm tonight for a Special appearance of the 25th anniversary Cast of Phantom for 26th Bday?? 
Photo: That moment on Saturday night when you realize that Hannibal is over. 
He also told a story about a girl named Tamisha beat him up in 6th grade. He said she was like the Brock Lesnar of middle school girls 
I find myself up late on Thursday nights just in case Frank Ocean decides to do right by his people and drop this album 
@user @user @user Factual error: Army chief did not spend Eid night there as he was in Pindi for Open House Sat evening. 
who are you tomorrow #VideoMTV2015 Fifth Harmony #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
Did a love of AC/DC just out the identity of Ashley Madison's hacker?: A love of AC/DC may have inadvertently ... 
Channel 4 just said hitch hiking is encourage in NYC tomorrow! #WTF, #worldisending 
@user You are top billing to Shakespeare in Google but 2nd in Wiki. One, a master of English; the other, from Stratford.#Shatoetry 
The city of Spokane, Washington, may not be well known, but they are one of the first cities to file a lawsuit against Monsanto for 
President Muhammadu Buhari may have set a deadline for the end of Boko Haram deadly activities as h... #badotweet 
@user I'm about that Xbox life fam. But I'm thinking about finding a deal for a PS4 on Black Friday. You? 
"#redsox Over the Mon Jose Iglesias, Major-League Ready Shortstop?: Jose Iglesias is 22 years old, and has hit .2... 
@user Anytime you even mention the Thursday night NFL game, that is the definition of 610am give up" 
Never march uphill with the sun in your eyes the wind in your face and your swords unsheathed.- Cao  Cao in Re: Sun Tsu 
Rolling Stone editor quits on same day UVA frat brothers sue:  #RollingStone 
Once upon a time I was an anonymous blogger who made a blog inspired by Paper Towns quotations (but deleted it bec may pakielamero badtrip) 
Are you a London area fan? We'll be taking ME3 cosplayer photos at Big Ben tomorrow 11AM - come out! Tweet @user for details! 
"I caught Adam Jones home run tonight, check me on ESPN top plays at Midnight! One handed w/ a soft pretzel in my hand on my iPhone" 
Senior ads and quotes for the Yearbook are due TOMORROW! 
Just got off the 5:00 conference call and a Winter Storm Watch has been issued from 2:00 am, Monday October 29th... 
Reduction ad Erdoganum: Op-ed on the unbearable lightness of blaming Erdogan for all that troubles Turkey, up next Monday in @user 
Thursday felt like Saturday. Saturday was weird. This morning is like St Patrick's Day. What is tonight like? #futuregrequestion? 
"WASHINGTON -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R), a staunch advocate of beefing up security on the southern border, said Sunday he is open to" 
"Seriously considering getting a catheter fitted for optimum Metal Gear-ing all day Sunday. Failing that, might move the PS4 into the toilet." 
"All my Passengers I aplogize for the tardiness of The 2nd half of the Dual Single """"Magic"""" but it’s dropping soon...STAYTUNNED!!!!!!!!!!" 
"Thinking about work tomorrow makes me wanna puke haha, but at least I work with briana" 
White Sox have the bases loaded with 1 out in the 7th. Mariners lead 2-0. 
Book off November 6th! The PSSA is going be having its first event in years for the American Election. Details to come! #uofr #URPsci 
"20+ years ago tonight, I was on the last bus after Nirvana's 1st Dublin gig. Here's a radio essay about it, 9.09 in 
Look at Ice Cube riding the wave...  
Divine frame along with P*10 presents:: The official south Alabama football kick off!! Sept 1 At club insanity! Adv. tickets $5 !!! 
I started liking frank ocean when he doesn't drop his music like c'mon 
Elimination Chamber is going to be in St. Louis May 19th.. I have to go. 
"My sister just reminded me that the day after tomorrow I get to see Ed Sheeran for the first time ever.  Um, can someone pinch me?" 
@user """"these birds dont buy the sun"""" banner at the Carling Cup Final for Mikey Dye & the LFC96 #DontBuyTheSun 
@user my bro lives in NJ ready to run NYC on Sunday.Has had no power,can’t live in house but stillready to run!What would you do? 
My 3rd autograph!My lil sis was the one who came up to Toni Gonzaga! Left photo,credits to: allenvalladares 
An emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? Find out how with @user in San Fran in Dec pls RT! 
Will anyone of you go on the One Direction concert on April 1st 2013 in London O2 arena? :) x 
Yes, my friends revenge from Sunday’s game Chelsea have crushed Manchester United with five versus Quad 
"Finally watching Oli's video with The Vamps and I'm sat here wanting to dramatically mutter 'Tradley, Tradley, Tradley, Tradley'" 
The 7th Edition of the Headies Takes Place at Eko Hotel & Suites this Saturday! Are You Ready? 
Transfusing young blood into the veins of the old? Wow. Sounds like George Osborne's budget to me. 
"Pacino might play Paterno in the PSU movie. It’ll be the 2nd movie in his career w/ the phrase """"Say hello to my little friend."""" #ScarFacial" 
#WorldSeries #Mlb #Fox #Fs1 #Kc #metsvsroyals I wonder how many kids will be #Thor tomorrow night ..Thor with a #Mets Hat ON ;) 
@user so April 4th David Price opens for the O's right? 
ok so i know that yall are into kpop now but why havent i seen anything about BoA eat you up was my 7th grade Jam 
it's November 1st ... so that means Candy Cane icecream HAS to be in the stores now right????? 
Oomf today thought he can talk to me on some other shit wait til tomorrow lol 
"Bale's agent Jonathan Barnett after being asked when is he joining #MUFC: ""Next thursday (laughs).... I hope Gareth retires at Real Madrid.""" 
"Ladies! Due to a scheduling conflict with our instructor, yoga will be TOMORROW instead of Thursday. Be prepared to limber up! #LittleThings" 
@user about recycling - our group is glass - tomorrow we must do folio about glass i think - ask Mysa lah xD 
@user Can I ask why the ESPN Cy Predictor formula based on your work excludes David Price from top 10? Shouldn't he be 2nd? 
@user Oh well. I guess I'll just find a guy who sat on cake. Let me know if want to start a U2 cover band. 
The fact that the Village of Kiryas Joel chose to meet on the Sunday night of Labor Day weekend to ... #deeproots 
After 2 days #fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod. Only another 400 or so plays til it beats What Makes You Beautiful 
Tomorrow’s goal: do my hair like Amy Lee’s on the My Immortal music video :) 
"Nigerian Football Federation ex-secretary-general, Taiwo Ogunjobi has pleaded with fans to give Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh more time." 
Sport: Calling ALL Tayside football fans! The #wave102footballphonein kicks off at 6pm on Wednesday! join the debate! #DUFC #dfc #SPL 
I Could gie Dustin Johnson a game going by the way he played the 1st!! 
@user Rousey is going to destroy again. Waiting for her to finally fight Cyborg. I think CM Punk may end up fighting Cathal Pendred. 
Someone take me to Charleston with them Tuesday... 
@user @user @user next year, Craven will have the Zac Brown Band on Friday after years of requesting them!" 
I reflected on that time Kanye West presented Friday Night Project with Justin Lee Collins. 
"Today: Republicans might hate Obama's health care law, but fighting the details is tough.                     
#ANI_news Its a non-profit company &amp;amp; its very clear. Lets see what happens on the 19th: Rahul Gandhi #NationalHeraldCase 
"Hope Winter-Hall (Gay Liberation Front) talks in the panel on Sunday ""Where do we go from here?"" #politicalpride @user @user 
Aviles' RBI single in the 5th cuts White Sox lead to 4-1. 
Gucci raft coconscious the occult march uncover the biform your solitary modish development up authority arden... 
@user one for 3rd eye arsenal v olympiakos vermalen falls off the crossbar into the olympiakos goal around 60th minute 
@user *Thor gets down from his throne and walks towards them, he bows* Thor: may I dance with you, my lady? *Loki looks at him ++" 
@user Well I've got to sort out hotels etc for when I'm in Derby tonight, but I'll stay updated! Cesc to score the winner?" 
French president Hollande to meet with World Bank: French President Francois Hollande holds talks on Monday with...  
Alex Gibney explains why his Steve Jobs documentary may cause you to put down your iPhone for good (via @user 
@user @user glad you both enjoyed that haha! I'm still recovering from her tweet about Bad Blood, that was a 3rd degree burn" 
Goals for tomorrow: - photoshop Owen Good's polygon picture to make him have Hulk Hogan hair + bandana - laundry 
"I want to hear the leak of Blood Moon already, but ima wait till I buy the cd tomorrow." 
'Angela Merkel is right: the migration crisis will define this decade'. 
@user Tues. night I heard Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Smashing Pumpkins, Janes Addiction. Seems like it was all 90's alternative." 
I didn't know the 6th pillar of Islam was heterosexuality  
30 Seconds to Mars - Night of the Hunter (Shannon Leto Remix) - Single - 18 Sep 2012 
Shout out to those people who are at the Sam Smith concert rn and have to wake up early tomorrow 
"Inter v Lazio, Inter Club's big day out: MILAN - The league leaders are in action on Sunday 20 December. Manci... 
@user The one that shows Jeb Bush IN 11th Pl. yet talk about Jeb Bush every morning instead of the others ahead of him- OK ? 
@user re: the dude from 7th heaven &amp; woody Allen. Last time I checked, r kelly and Chris brown still #thriving 
Some Christians will tell you that gay marriage is wrong but will but on their 5th marriage. 
Anybody want to swap 2x Saturday Tickets for Foo Fighters for 2 xSunday Tickets? 
@user @user @user when haha Ricky come through to the Kendrick concert tomorrow! 
Catch @user in The Gloaming Live! at Leicester Square Theatre on the 25th & 28th 
Forget that new film everyone's talking about this is released tomorrow: David Bowie - Lazarus (Audio) 
#Dodgers roll after Sharknado.  That's just fact. 
Just eating a giant slab of vanilla fudge to distract from results day tomorrow 
"We may not like it, but Red Sox ate pitching  #BlueJays properly. These inside pitches making them uncomfortable." 
@user ya but my dad is most likely taking it to San Fran tomorrow :/ 
"If you autopost from anything to Facebook, you may need to re-set up that auto post. Just had to for Posterous." 
FT:  Frosinone 2 AC Milan 4  Milan move 6th in the table while Frosinone's struggle continue being 18th in the league. #FootballComesHome 
"watch David Wright return and be David Wright ... ""THERE'S A CHANCE HE MAY NEVER BE THE SAME PLAYER"" ... no way! ... Also, a chance he is." 
@user Have you seen The Ladykillers is on More 4 this saturday aternoon 1.10pm?? 
Does he mean a tv or a giant iPad?  
"I want to quit life and just audition for 'Sharknado' movies until I land a role. At this rate, they'll be up to Sharknado 100 by Dec." 
"Dear Coach Sidney Crosby, can you please schedule a skate at Southpointe for a Saturday or Sunday, sometime? Pretty please?" 
Monday Night Football #TeamTexans all day & tomorrow... #MNS 
@user JUMPCITY.VOL1 is going to be on datpiff TOMORROW  !!!! So check that out !! DOWNLOAD !!  #LightWork 
PM had invited 8ppl who weren't from politics &amp; I was the 9th he invited : Shashi Tharoor on PM inviting him to join Swachh Bharat campaign 
@user trying to get a meet &amp; greet for my niece at the Ole Miss game Saturday, is that possible??" 
justin was the 3rd person I tried getting today show fan passes for and didn't get I have no luck lol 
British Prime Minister David Cameron pledged on Monday to take in up to 20,000 Syrian refugees over the next five... 
"Gay man: I may look white but inside I'm a big old black lady! Me: anyway, you're not funny or cute" 
Some of the advertisers Jan has worked with include Canon, Nike, Procter 
Official explanation of Saudi Arabia on Syrian refugee crisis.  May Allah aid the rulers of the Kingdom. 
@user @user looks like we will be headin the charleston again, jan 4 WINTER JAM!" 
David Wright is expected to be back in the lineup tomorrow. Yoenis Cespedes and Travis d'Arnaud will likely get tomorrow off. 
"Remembering George Harrison, a true music legend.  We share the birthdate, Feb 25. Passed away age 58, Nov 29,... 
@user @user Preview of the NFC Championship game Sunday?! I’m feelin’ an offensive shootout hahaha #Vikes #Cards #GameOfTheWeek 
"It was so dope to see Ice Cube writing ""Friday"" in the NWA movie" 
@user I am leaving uni at 1 to get to Albion then having to catch a 7am train to get back for the tuesday lecture. 
@user If he’s in the House, does PMSH usually answer Elizabeth May if she gets a Q? 
White Sox open the 2016 season April 4 in Oakland. Home opener is April 8 against the Indians. 
"Tony Blair: George Bush and I were ""champions of peace"" (no, it's not April 1st) 
"Grexit" struggle tests Germany's power duo: On July 17th, her 61st birthday, Angela Merkel stepped to the pod... 
@user might go as Wednesday Adams from the Adams family film thing I already have the costume 
Seth rollins on monday night raw  in San Jose California August 3 at the sap center 
Tiffany, CNBLUE’s Yonghwa and B2ST’s Kikwang will MC for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert in America on Nov 10 
@user //played the 1st, never played the 2nd or other AC games, bought Mass Effect 3, now waiting for Halo 4. Idk if Ill ever play AC3 
Trying for tickets to tomorrow’s show (@ The Late Show with David Letterman) 
"I added a video to a @user playlist Sheamus explains why he will take down Randy Orton: SmackDown, July 30," 
"RT @user Elvis Presley's 34th death anniversary is on Aug 16. 14 Aug, Today is the independence day of Pakistan." 
Apple has an event at 08:00 PM  Watch it live thru this link   #AppleEvent  #AppleLive 
I'm just going to have to delete all social media in the time between the releases of the 6th series and the 6th book of Game of Thrones 
Listen Kendrick hard but that last Album was weak af yal can remove yal lips from his dick cause the 1st Album was wayyyyyy harder 
Sonny gray and David price are 2nd and 4th in era respectively in the AL 
"Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh, has revealed that John Mikel Obi refused to show up for their... 
@user I heard that Ms. Pink Friday got tired of hearing Mrs. Canon bragging about her records, Grammys, success and BS. 
@user RT: "breyana has my iPod and I'm not going to get it back till tomorrow... take care of my baby br..." 
Intense workouts &amp; diet starts tomorrow after watching the Miss USA pageant. 
"Y'all. Why am I just now getting the the correlation between SOC, Ice Cube, Friday, &amp; ""Bye Felicia""? Idk how that's just now clicking." 
"I'm sure Kerry will come out tomorrow and say that he was against the Charlie Hebdo massacre being legitimate, before he was for it" 
@user I will have a column on Rex for tomorrow. I just don't feel like talking Jets right now with the Royals doing so well. 
@user U gotta get in front of Kane he's 1st one a lap down! 
RT @user Crimson Confidential >> QB/RB threat Blake Sims may be just offensive weapon Bama needs 
Ima just be in mr. Simmons class 3rd pd tomorrow 
Photo: nationalpostsports: The buzz: The Steelers shut down Robert Griffin III and the Redskins on Sunday.... 
@user  John Cena blocked everything except for Seth Rollins knee to the face on #RAW this past Monday! 
Espanyol face a tricky trip to Real Betis on Saturday evening as they go in search of their 1st win of the new campaign 
Sunderland: Wing ace linked: Atletico Madrid star Cristian Rodriguez is being linked with a January move to Su... 
Had to do overtime today due to too much bs on Labor Day chest day and back day both went in can't wait to be back on track tomorrow 
"Joe Silva and Dana White should really consider matching Overeem with Werdum. Reem may not deserve the shot, but that'll generate money." 
Damn only the 2nd day in the NBA season and Tony Parker already hitting game winners #clutch 
Anyone going to tomorrow night's NZ vs Tonga game? What colours will you be wearing? 
Tbh I'm so fucking happy I'll be in kerry tomorrow it just makes me incredibly sad to think about Tuesday 
"The Opening Ceremony for the next Summer Olympics will be held on August 5th, #Rio2016 See You Then :)" 
"Is that Seth Rollins, or the 4th member of New Day? #wwe #TitleforTitle #SummerSlam" 
"Hey Philly, Meet the Berenstain Bears tomorrow from 11:00-1:00pm at The Market + Shops at Comcast Center  
"MADRID, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Real Madrid look certain to retain their status as the world's richest club by income after the La Liga club's" 
Retweet if you want the 3rd world invasion of Muslims and Mexicans into USA stopped &amp; mass Deportations! @user 
@user The election at United Car Wash continues through next Tuesday .As you will recall, United car Wash at 1575 Madison Road. 
"Tomorrow is Raksha Bandhan so i think  today i post it for u .......  Holi is colorful,Diwali is lig 
Man me and @user are gonna double date tomorrow with rafa and Kim me and her and them two together ;) 
@user no, he may just be Gadkari’s driver. 
just deleted 100 pictures from my phone, realized I look hideous in most, diet starts tomorrow. #goodnight 
"Most of you may not know this, but I'm into some Heavy Metal. Iron Maiden, Metallica, Dio... The Band not the Guy, and more." 
This will be me when Nash's new video with Skylynn its up tomorrow 
Names of those shortlisted 4 interviews Manyatta constituency by IEBC, r pinned on the IEBC notice board Embu town.interviews this fri & sat 
M:I 5 was... ok. Nowhere near as awesome the 4th was. Glad I didn't spend $11 at the theater for it. I would rather watch Ant-Man again. 
I’m going to Geoff Tate at Backstage Live in San Antonio, TX - Nov 21 
The New Statesman's cover reads 'The Motherhood Trap', with an illustration of Sturgeon (pictured), Angela Merkel, Theresa May and Liz 
I like Dustin Johnson a LOT but I have no confidence in him closing out a major ---unfortunately he probably won't get a chance tomorrow 
Jun 16 1911- IBM founded as the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company in Endicott, New York 
It's like painting the Forth Bridge - but won't be for much longer! See Scotland on Sunday today 
FFS fell asleep with an open position on Murray during the 4th set. 
For some reason I always thought National Hot Dog Day was on the 4th of July. #learnsomethingneweveryday 
"He may be the best choice for Christians, but he'd be a better one if he wasnt so cuddly with israel. im referring  
Lol u can't expect people to know everything. I could ask you who the lead singer of Nirvana is &amp; u may not know  
Canadians would actually love it if Scott Walker built a wall between him and us. 
all of calibraska will be out on the 24th im cryinfhedjs im even less ready for this 
"This may get LESS attention than Rousey v. Mayweather -- but 2 of 3 sets - lines the same, McEnroe v. Serena....who wins? @user 
The crisis b/w Turkey &amp; Russia may be the proximate cause for Ankara for renewal of ties with Israel @user 
Everyone on insta: I'm going to miss hanging w/ friends &amp; sun Me: im going to miss watching Netflix all day 
...reasons and sharing the video is inconsiderate to briana and louis. it may be difficult for them &amp; we need to stop  #OhNoBriana   ... 
2nd Toby Huss quote: "ecognized one time by a Dutch guy in Thailand for the Seinfeld episode that I did....He was dressed as a lady." 
Heading to the 18th amateur Paul Dunne still has a share of #TheOpen lead.   Live: 
"All Blue and White fam, we r meeting at Golden Corral for dinner tonight at 6pm...." 
'Yakub was innocent man'The scientists who discovered this truth should awarded with Nobel prize -&gt;@ambedkarperiyar  
First day of journey heading to Hat Yai and going to Phuket this weekend! Fighting Jimmy! And tomorrow have 
Be the first one to grab Moto G 3rd Gen. Visit #PAYBACKbeforeFlipkart to earn Points. Shop now 
I'll just pretend it's not the ticket selling for The Vamps and 5SOS tomorrow :( #3LOGYINMANILA #5SOSMNL 
So, as someone who just got the Game of Thrones 2nd ed LCG, what websites should I be going to for decklists, discussions, etc.? 
I just bought Dark Souls 2 for the 4th time. I've spent $145 to keep playing this game. @user hook it up with a shirt or something. 
"When the sun don't ever shine, Noche de Nirvana: 
@user @user Stasera ho guadato due film - ’Bel Ami’ con Robert pattinson, qual’e stato cosi :/ e la seconda film- the ides of march 
@user why Iran pursuing nuclear? They sit on 4th largest oil reserve in world. Has all the power it needs. Unless its just about the bomb 
Scott Walker is too brave to have an opinion on the 14th Amendment. 
I know it doesn't negate his utter twatishness but that Donald Trump tweet was after the Charlie Hebdo attack in January not last night 
Elton on the radio...How were the @user gigs L.A.? I've never seen Elton and Captain Fantastic was my 1st LP. #WhenIWasAKid #Music 
@user why? Truth may hurt, but there it is! I support Equality an Gay marriage because of MY Faith! 
Today my doctor diagnosed me with a repetitive strain injury known as "iPhone thumb". May my social media use be a cautionary tale to all. 
"Its Officially PGA week, Dustin Johnson was 2nd here last time, he's our pick... 
"FRANK GIFFORD, the football star turned longtime broadcaster, died SUNDAY of natural causes at his CONNECTICUT... 
Just like when k was a kid Saturday morning and I’m watching Saved By the Bell! Might even watch Soul Train @ 12 
@user Hannibal removes his hand from your forehead, Will's temperature was back again. He sat down beside the younger man - 
"Watching Honey Boo Boo, gonna lay in the tanning bed, then try to sleep! Summersville with @user and @user tomorrow(:" 
".@TheRealKamie I'm the 1st to say embrace your body &amp; no one should be ashamed of theirs. However I want to know if ""Miss USA"" has nude vids" 
"timesofindia: JUST IN | Delhi court asks Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, 5 other accused to appear before it on Dec 19 in #NationalHerald case" 
"Lady Gaga appeared to momentarily regret her choice of evening wear on Saturday night, as she attempted to... 
"Want to go the cinema on my day off tomorrow, but Inside Out or Ant-Man? Will IO be full of kids? So torn right now." 
Todd Hayne intoxicating tale of love against the odds #Carol stars Cate Blanchett &amp; Rooney Mara In cinemas from Fri 
Anyone need a ticket for Sunday the 13th's White Sox game??? Potential K-Zone game. $15 if interested. 
S.L. @user Who's coming to the Beatport festival July 20th to dance there asses off! (Shannon Leto of 30... 
@user lol bruh pls dont miss ur flight tommorow i had you winning with Oracle at 3rd Prof 2nd 
Move from Kevin Owens that may have injured John Cena tonight. 
Who's down to go to the White Sox game with me tomorrow? 
Is the Pope a Catholic? Do they drive PU trucks in Alberta? 
Bernie Sanders is like your 8th grade class president who won the election by campaigning to have 3 hour recess and free cookies every day 
@user in #UAE Eid came on Friday and Saturday (which is usually off) no extra day was given. Don't know why we love chutiyaan 
6th vid on IG. Tell me what do you think. @ Bad Blood - Taylor Swift 
Photo: Tomorrow I go back to work after the Roskilde Festival. Life goes on. nevver: 
@user jordan may I see john cena about something  ive hate my family right now but ive got some good new today two 
"one day you'll find that i have gone, but tomorrow may rain so ill follow the sun - Paul McCartney" 
1/4th of the way through 30 Rock season 6. I’m on my way. 
This kid put Kendrick &amp; J. Cole in his in his top 5 &amp; doesn't know about Section 80 or Friday Night Lights....... Smh at this new generation 
@user and then the j cole and Kendrick album is coming out in February 
Potential upset alert: The Wichita Wild only trail the Allen Wranglers  27-33 with 2:33 left in the 3rd quarter. 
Results for Heat 1 Men's 100M: Nesta Carter finishes 2nd with a time of 10.15 Aviva London Grand Prix #SDL 
Chelsea transfer news: Mourinho confident he will get John Stones ... 
Rooting the AT&amp;T and Verizon versions of the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge+ may completely shut down your device. 
For ICC i cud jst sing along the 1st time i heard it But Dumb Dumb  I jst remember alotta highnotes Dumb x6 and sumthing michael jackson 
Premier League Team of the Week: Walcott makes seventh appearance this season while Sagna also features 
I saw Katie Price was at the Haye / Chisora fight-now she’s going to be @ the Olympic boxing training venue on Saturday - sparring!! 
Seth Rollins looking like the 4th member of The New Day. I wonder what @user @user @user #NewDayRocks #SummerSlam 
"Spending a rainy Saturday afternoon in the shops kitchen making a new Crumbly Vanilla Fudge, rain like in Tennis can effect play." 
@user ...starting 11 in the 1st half featured players who have not been in the managers plans, Cole, Henderson, Downing etc... 
"All obstacles removed, Iran is free to become a nuclear power:    On Tuesday, the International Atomic Energy... 
"""""Well that’s it, the very last one. That may stop you."""" - The Lorax" 
The stakes are high in Floyd Mayweather's last fight! Stream it live on SS2 on the DStv Now app Sunday morning at 3am 
@user #AprilDies because she went into a coma, leaving Fin to raise his child w/ Nova. April awakens in time to fight Sharknado 4" 
Seth Rollins won't be happy till he loses the wwe championship to @user on Sunday #TheRoadToSummerSlam #raw 
Like Miley said she didn't look into everything but she thought Nicki may have been subbing her but she didn't know for sure. Her words. 
How Google May Answer Questions in Queries with Rich Content Results 
my mom stood up to congratulate Nicki then she sat down when she heard Taylor LMAO 
like Nintendo could come out tomorrow saying that Kirby is gay. that would literally change nothing about Kirby games 
Glamorous dinner options: clam chowder or a chicken TV dinner.   All sorts of fancy here at the Curtis household on a Saturday night. 
The normal Wednesday trash pick-up has been pushed to Thursday this week due to Labor Day Holiday. So, if you... 
"My 1st &amp; likely last Justin Bieber tweet, but doesn't this pic look like he should be fronting a Smiths cover band? 
"WTH, only Hulk Hogan blocked me during my #CelebritySlanderSaturday ? I guess it's still Saturday. Round two!" 
Going to McAlester today...Bama bound early in the am!  Torn! 
@user Want me to bring Dark Souls in for you on Monday? (serious suggestion) 
David Cameron says that there 'may well be case' for ISC to scrutinise drone strikes, but it will not be able to look at current operations 
@user #BillClinton was Mr.Miyagi tonight! Let's see how Danielsan (Obama) does tomorrow! #DNC2012 
"David Price joins such names as DeWayne Buice, Pasqual Coco, and Ty Taubenheim with his 1st Jays win. Can he catch Steve Trachsel Saturday?" 
Reminder #Syriza doesn't have half the leftist balls of George Osborne who liquidated the buy-to-let rentier. 
when did briana get pregnant was it before july like 3 months earlier than july so does that mean she is due by now where's the baby 
"RT @user End of an era RT @user RT @user Andy Rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on @user this Sunday ..." 
Spotify's Sean Parker and Daniel Ek Make Music -- and Some Noise: The Full D10 Interview (Video) At the 10th D: All Things Dig 
Madonna put in two during the first half of play. #HUWS came out stronger 2nd half, but ends game scoreless. 2-0 Final Score 
"For anyone who likes both Scott Walker and Backstreet Boys, here's a double bill for YOU! (And probably ONLY you.)" 
It's Sunday shouldn't you Christian be in church Kim Davis await your fake Christians 
@user I saw Tenth Avenue North Saturday night and he sang part of Bad Blood (talking about unforgiveness) and Shut-up and Dance. 
HELLO NUGGETS, I’m going to get you tomorrow. 
@user WWA concert film this weekend, you can pre-order the 'WWA Live From San Siro Stadium' DVD. Out Dec 1st. 
Friday 9pm: Celebrity Big Brother: Live 10.30pm: CBBBOTS 11.30pm: CBB: Live from the House 12am: #CBB: Live from the House 
@user As he was in a News Ltd town surely @user had something to say about Murdoch in intro to ’Scousers Don’t Buy The Sun’? 
"Have you gotten yr tickets to see @user @ MGM Grand on Thurs, 11/1? If not, go here to get... @user 
Springsteen is here Sat but if that’s not your thing Rick Ross will be in Lexington the same night at @user 
So, I've only started watching Game of Thrones season 5 today. I should be done with it by Monday. In between naps. 
Kris Bryant sneaks one just above Ryan Braun's glove into the right field basket. 16th of the year. 1-1 i the 2nd. #Cubs 
@user Hope they continue to give the Rangers trouble. David Price tomorrow!!!! 
I want to see a live performance of Nirvana playing Jesus doesn't want me for a sun beam where Chris Noveselic does an accordion solo 
BREAKING via Dave Hyde of the Sun Sentinel: David Beckham's proposed MLS group and the city of Miami agree to... 
I just may be the only person who still play Temple Run 
"Watchman just informed me about the fact that the sun is shining, in case the MET dept needs some cutting edge weather monitoring tech." 
@user @user c'mon guys, surely Chupa Chups! My Arsenal mate took the piss every Saturday for that one!! #swfc 
@user just asked me what I'm wearing to Justin Bieber's concert in February... 
John Kasich announced his presidential bid Tuesday. Get to know all of the 2016 candidates: 
Anyone be interested in a Dark Souls 2 Scholar of the 1st son blind stream? 
"#broncos Peyton Manning is 1st in passing rating 109.0 and 2nd in #NFL with 12 30+ yd passing plays, 7.7 avg pass length, 269 dropbacks" 
This week is Social Media Week and tomorrow the LGA are hosting a Tweeterthon which I will be taking part in. Follow me at work #ourday 
Knowing I can stay up all night coz its saturday and I can sleep in on Sunday just makes me sleepier on Sat nights 
"""""When they came out with ISTEP a few years ago..."""" A FEW years ago? Dude I’ve been taking tests since I was in 1st grade #im28 #uroutoftouch" 
"Ibrahim, Ujah in starting XI for Niger clash: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has made six changes in the s... 
Sat in beer garden of Crwys pub with my father his lady and my precious and I see Glynn from Big Brother! 
I think Matty may have just implied that Max is doing a Christmas song. Or Lulu. Or Durston. 
WATCH: Exclusive new clip from #Carolfilm via @user with Cate Blanchett &amp; Rooney Mara. 
Baru tau kalo Picplz mau shut down tgl 3 July. Kalah saingan sm Instagram. Somehow it reminds me of Posterous vs Tumblr. 
@user if you say "renewed election" it means you don't accept 7 June's result as Erdogan does. Correct terms is "early elections" 
Porter judged the pace of his set perfectly. A short burst of Papa Was A Rolling Stone gave way to Musical Genocide 
Think I’m going to a A1 concert tomorrow. Do you guys know who they are? haha 
@user It may be old news for you. Just watched your series of Big Brother on YouTube. Gutted you never won. Xx 
Cara Delevingne goes nearly nude for YSL: Cara Delevingne at the New York premiere of 'Paper Towns' on July 21... 
Some balance on Watchman from Hadley Freeman in the guardian - 
going to the Berkmar game tomorrow. 
@user @user WPPI starts the 19th I believe.  That’s why I’m flying out the afternoon of the 18th. 
Show tomorrow night at Club Pulse with Projections, Above The Broken + a bunch more. Only $5 at 5:00 PM. If... 
GM FBF, let’s go ole skool today...The Winans, the choices 1) Tomorrow 2) Uphold Me or 3) Bring Back The Days, the voting begins now! 
(Even the Spirit of Vengeance thinks you two should wed.) 
"if anyone brings me Dunkin iced coffee tomorrow, you'd be my hero" 
Guy at bar played That Hero Foo Fighters song on the jukebox and then sat at the bar and air drummed the whole thing 
The Chinese are very concerned about Kerry's remarks. They will probably ask FIJI for military assistance.... 
#News: Why Sami Khedira Is the Piece AC Milan Are Missing: Carlo Ancelotti may not be coaching AC Milan anymor... 
"On Sunday, Brock Lesnar will have lived the dream of competing in a NYC-based PPV, which he wouldn't have done had he returned to the UFC." 
Tomorrow ill see Mr.Jake Owen with my baby 
May not watch #RAW tonight I was already tired of Seth Rollins when he retained against Brock. Just think how big he's head going to be now. 
"MONDAY: Roman Reigns goes one on one with the Director of Operations, Kane! 
Going to Healthy Kids Day: Cover the Kids ... at Boys & Girls Club - Teichert Branch on Sat, Nov 3 
Monsanto's $47 billion bid to buy Swiss rival Syngenta has fallen through, the U.S. company said on Wednesday. 
"""""Due to the after-effects of Hurricane Sandy, Fantazia 360 is CANCELLED for this Saturday at the Liacouras Center!!!"""" @user 
"I may be the in the minority here but I don't 'get' all the hype over Rooney Mara. She's fine, but like... Cate Blanchett!!" 
I’m far too stressed about finishing this essay for tomorrow, so I shall minimise it and play Temple Run. #ProblemSolved 
Tomorrow ill be with Tracy DiMarco at Hollywood Tans shooting a video and interview wiyh @user 
"Boy, does @user have u covered for Sun shows: Carly Fiorina promises to cut federal jobs, just like she did at HP 
@user @user With Nintendo's policy on their flagship exclusives? There are better odds of the sun going supernova in 10 secs. 
Can any1 guess what year Tom Segal’s Pricewise coloum last tipped a British flat winner on the turf on a Sat or Sun? 
#RAW This Sunday Brock Lesnar will remember you the same way WWE remembers Hulk Hogan 
@user @user Iran is a big difference. She may be more hawkish than Sanders, but she isn't anti-negotiation like the Rs" 
I think the 2nd quarter passing will loosen things up for the run in second half. Stoops gets conservative with the lead  @user 
"Christians all over the world need to pray that ""God will open the eyes of their understanding that they may know... 
"I was vending on Saturday at the Eid at the MLK, Jr. Middle School I noticed a lot of people did not know... 
i just realized briana is 9 months pregnant and the baby is supposed to be born in february (?) how does that work 
"White Sox dress for success to top Mariners on Throwback Thursday: Before the White Sox put on their baggy, co... 
Bedtime. Going to Dayton at 10 tomorrow to meet with the head of the visual arts department for a private Q&A / tour. 
Broadway Bar to see AllStar and Bravo perform then Aquarius. I’m stepping out the box and baring a lot of skin tonight. Pics tomorrow. 
"I'm calling it right now, Frank Ocean is dropping his new album this Tuesday." 
@user You may just Google the name of the hoodie too and it may come up that way. That's worked for me sometimes too. 
I’m going to Halestorm at Backstage Live in San Antonio, TX - Nov 10 
Apple Showtime Event 2006-The 2G iPod Shuffle Introduction: Here we see Steve Jobs introducing the 2nd generatio... 
just sat in bed and watched a lot of Christians vines and even tho I've seen them alI still laughed every time 
Brian Cushing is not listed as out for Thursday's game. He was just one of 11 #Texans who did not practice on Monday: 
THE UNFORGETTABLE FIRE by U2 was no.12 in the UK album charts on 31 August 1985 
Kinda upset I'm gunna miss the @user fight Saturday.. But Kenney Chesney and Jason Aldean should be a blast! 
Cloud Computing: WHIPTAIL Talks Big Data & the Speed of Life at Cloud Expo - Soa Wolrd: The 10th... #bigdata #cloud 
"I wanna wait until Jack and Jack tweet out the link because when I look up Calibraska, it says it was released on July 31st" 
Tony Blair also won 1994 Labour leadership with a landslide - yet JC still became a constant critic and serial rebel 
Flying on Saturday - it is truly amateur hour today (except for Sidney Crosby and Chris Kunitz) #fb 
David Bowie may have tucked @user into bed as a child--listen--bigtime players on the left did to Yours Truly too. 
Battle for the 17th banner: Royal Rumble basketball edition 
Gucci breeches collective unconscious stock december tower the identical thine peculiar inbound extension vers... 
If Niall is actually following people why can't he follow me like Niall c'mon stop making me emo 
At what point do we stop talking about #Sharknado3 and start discussing how tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day? 
@user She shot it on December 21 2011 the same week as RIM & SH. Those ’screenshots’ were for the vibe magazine. 
"Be at Ten Thousand Villages this Thurs 4-8pm. Choc tasting, henna tattoos, and proceeds go to support refugees in the Triangle!" 
How are you leveraging #bigdata and #analytics on IBM #bluemix? If you're not you may want to check this out 
Nirvana may or may not be the best pandora station 
@user @user @user PLEASE clarify if the show in Atlantic City on November 9th is still on!?!? 
I raised this with George Osborne on Tues. Tory U-turn on manifesto pledge on social care will cost savings &amp; homes. 
My middle daughter just told me a 5th grade presentation in her class was on Seth Rollins.  #school #wwe #education 
Yoga returns to Miss Master's Closet with a NEW SCHEDULE: Sundays at 9am beginning September 13th! 
"I will give more solo dm with Zayn tomorrow, so stay active and turn notifs on. :) x" 
@user This may help u understand the SCOTUS acted lawlessly in their gay marriage decision. 
Today (August 6) in 1993 Nirvana play at the Mia Zapata Benefit in Seattle. The band played this show unannounced. 
"I got tickets to go see IAMSU in December in Sac, Who wants one !? $17 Regular, You want to meet HBK Gang IAMSU $25" 
#Thailand Washington - US President Barack Obama vowed Wednesday as he visited storm-ravaged New Jersey shore to... 
In light of the recent Nike drawing announcement for online orders we will keep flyknit orders for now and refund if needed come Friday. 
If you weren't busy trying to have a go at kpop fans you may be winning 
&gt; Kesha's Camp Speaks Out on Dr. Luke Abuse Allegations  Following the news Tuesday of Kesha's lawsuit against... 
Kim Kardashian post-baby weight news: How she managed to lose 17 pounds only 10 days after ...: On Monday nigh... 
"Boehner rejects 7th, invites Obama on 8th, NFL opening night. So Obama just has to speak @ WH on 7th to ""save"" football coverage? #doitnow" 
Mark your calendars! Woody’s tonight (Newport Beach) Friday at Sevilla (Long Beach) #fb 
@user Krystal you better heal up in time for National Margarita Day on Feb 22! 
"Saudi security forces opened fire on Shia protesters in the tense Qatif district of Eastern Province on Friday,  Detail" 
@user I'm down for that obviously, but does Nintendo want that? The world may never know 
I'm not sure which is funnier - the coloured-vinyl reissue of Mariah Carey's Christmas album or the fact that it's coming out in October. 
Bring the Adidas sock tomorrow @user 
MINNEAPOLIS (Reuters) - Joe Biden got plenty of love from top Democrats on Friday, but their views about a pos... 
"Red Sox Highlight: Jackie Bradley Jr. hits solo HR, David Ortiz with RBI double in 4-run 7th in 7-5 win over Phillies (ESPN)" 
@user I should be in hammond saturday night, or friday night you got my line right 
May God give us the strength to defeat Boko Haram collectively and soon. Amen! 
@user Same could be said about Marie Colvin. I may not liked him, nor his employer but he never harmed anyone and he has family. 
@user when that sun is high in that Texas sky, I’ll be buckin it to county fair. Amarillo by morning. Amarillo ill be there... 
Link to Ballet West's Nutcracker info. BW is @ Kennedy Center this week. Will see it on Saturday. 
@user I was given unlimited for a fee on Labor Day until the revolving data showed up on my account on the 14th now stolen 
Labor strike averted in Israel in last minute deal: A general strike was averted in Israel Wednesday when the ... 
Tomorrow Google Play changes how it deals w/ digital tax in Norway, Morocco, &amp; Albania   
"After Friday night's confrontation with teammate Jose Iglesias, McCann responding like the leader David Price called him. Two hits, RBI." 
One hour to our Thursday Stream! Let's try and beat the Rotten in Dark Souls 2 this time! #twitch 
"Gn8:9,10 ""TOMORROW"": Christians today (Pharaoh) would rather wallow in sin one more day than to ask God to remove the sin IMMEDIATELY! #rpsp" 
"Defeating BOKO Haram is no longer in two months, it is now by December (7 months). #ChangingCHANGI" 
@user This is from the Charlie Hebdo attacks that took place on January 7th 
I’m going to Cowboy Junkies at Barbican Centre in London, United Kingdom - Jan 25 
"Anyone looking to go to a show!? We have several of them booked! October 10th at the Hoosier Dome, October 13th... 
Dear White People is on Netflix. I'll have to watch it tomorrow after school 
"THIIISSSS MOFO wants me to go to Auburn's 1st day of practice, I'm going to be the only person booing!" 
On Tuesday night at Neighborhood Theatre, the crowd chanted for an encore. So, naturally,  
"15 august black day for Sikhs, Muslims, Christians &amp; minorities in India. #FreedomForKhalistan  #GayHind 
Tickets have come to see #TheUsed on November 8th at the NIA! Sweet, even though Evanescence are headline I’m just going to see The Used! 
i just wanna buy frank ocean a calendar cause yea he said july... it's august 24th.. 
@user Will the Nantwich store be selling Mad Max on PS4 tomorrow and how much will it cost if so? Need to know urgently. 
Gareth Bale was never going to leave Real Madrid insists agent | Football | The Guardian 
Rummel recovers Curtis fumble. It's pouring out here. Maybe the weather had to do something with that. 2:04 remaining 3rd 21-7 
Why is Rahul Gandhi smiling? C'mon the answer is simple. He is absolutely free to watch Chota Bheem now. 
Kim Hyung Jun - Football Team the 2nd A Match at YeongDeungPo-gu DaeRimDong [12.10.27] Credit : tlsxhah #8 
@user Here's the link - I am the 4th poem down (it's only short!!) Called 'Songbird' - about Fleetwood Mac 
@user   ok if you buy me a ticket to Iran from 9th of June till end of August 
Now we need to make one for Frank Ocean 
"Now the Yankees are primed to be swept. They face David Price tomorrow. Yea, I know, they hit him well. He's way too to not change that up." 
"Was Wednesday 1-6 some kind of weird twilight zone parallel universe thing, and this is the real team?" 
"https://t.co/3FqKZb8ci2 Paul McCartney served as Lollapalooza's headliner Friday night in Chicago, and the... 
@user Grow it out. I wanna see a part in the middle and Bali beads either side before the 31st of Fan. 
ICRC says working on contact with Lebanese hostages: The International Committee of the Red Cross said Thursday ... 
"Tomorrow!! Pop up class with @user  Credits include : Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry, Jidenna, Nickelodeon,... 
I have a feeling Shawn's going to hit 4 million followers on Twitter tomorrow........ 
@user Did you not see my reply? Barca's front 3 tomorrow. Don't EVEN @ me. 
Anyone trying to hit up Jason Aldean with me Friday night in Charlotte? 
Error on Mariners SS Miller and the White Sox tie it 5-5 with 2 outs in the bottom of the 9th. 
Top SEC teams have chance to play in the Cotton Bowl and Jan. 1 games: Capital One and Outback. As for the Pac-12: Alamo, Sun, Holiday, etc. 
Kanye and Nicki are the reason they may have to do away with award shows. YOU say it's about artists but you two always make it about YOU. 
1st official release on @user is out now! #EOTT2 with rmx’s from Haze & Northern Lights + instrumentals! 
hmm if the March thing is true he probably meant that it's unfortunate not have Zayn around until then 
Interesting!  A state in Nigeria may use prayer warriors to fight Boko Haram.  Does it mean that Christians... 
Is it just me are does anyone else notice we have a Muslim president and Islam is on the march thru out the world. Chistians voted for Obama 
Starting off our Wednesday we have one that isn't posted much...  Bee Gees with Wind of Change 
@user its different may b to the minority adarsh liberals of Israel 
Just like the final shot in the the shining. Rembrandt may have painted John Belushi. #rembrandt #belushi 
"""""@DLevi84: I need an NNS ticket for Sat. Anyone got any?""""nope but should be easy to get 1 at the track" 
"If you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today.-bruce lee" 
"I have just listed: 'Prince George of Cambridge 1st Birthday Commemorative Mug Prince Georg...', for 7.50 via @user 
@user How are things in """"Vegas""""? When do you start """"Monday""""? Do you know where you're shooting? Fox, Universal, Warners, Paramount? lol" 
"John Danks retires the Royals lineup in order in the 3rd, 4th and 5th innings. White Sox still leading 6-0, top of 6." 
@user it build immune syst up - hot water & lemon 1st thing, 3 green teas a day..it’ll sort you out xx 
Song Cry x Jay-Z is one of my favorite songs, don't screw over the one that's been dsd1 no matter what changes life may bring, just don't. 
Calibraska will probably come out tonight instead of tomorrow 
"#Cubs (R) Kris Bryant went 1-for-4 with a run scored, two RBIs (83rd &amp; 84th) alongside his 22nd home run. #MLB" 
@user yeh but he no have The Maillot Jaune on! could be bannister, wondered if may be small child? next generation etc, or Steve Red" 
"Murray is beaten before the QF of a Grand Slam for the first time in five years. Anderson, magnificent throughout, took 4th set tiebreak 7-0" 
"Now just need a run, an Andrew Miller 9th. and the hated Red Sox to come through." 
I'm about to revoke Justin's black card if he keeps dancing this ugly &amp; hanging out with Travis  
2 days away from the @user New England Fitness Weekend! Check in starts Friday, 11/2, from 4-7 PM, followed by a mandatory athletes meeting. 
"Cubs score another run off a Kris Bryant hit up the middle, but Rizzo thrown out at 3rd. 5-3 #Cubs #LETSGO" 
Here in the stench beneath the African sun vultures attack a buffalo carcass. I see Geurnica Flanders Fields and Boko Haram.  #micropoetry 
and my mom who KNOWS IM GAY just sat there and laughed 
Taylor Swift attends the Paris Fashion Week at Espace Ephemere Tuileries. [3 oct] 
How is frank ocean performing Saturday when he still hasn't dropped his album??? 
@user was angry at me after Friday because Dustin Johnson was outperforming Jordan Spieth. He's now quite happy with me. 
Dustin Johnson with his best Dustin Johnson impersonation on the 1st hole at Whistling Straits 
I need to get skinny, move out and find someone lush! I’ll start my diet tomorrow then the rest I’ll try and sort another time... 
Tomorrow may be my last day in Tennessee 
@user LOL I was talkn abt swansea bro, smh the 4th postion is either u guys or Arsenal that one na STANDARD! 
Wonder if the Spurs shop got looted last night? #doubtit 
Pretty sure the last time Frank Ocean dropped anything i was in the 11th grade 
David Price has a lead in the 6th so basically this game is over 
Can it please be Wednesday and POTUS has been re elected. Then we can move this country #Forward! 
Tristan McDaniel scores from one yard out to give Milan the 7-0 lead on Humboldt. 7:58 left in 1st 
So do I go to watch Rise & Super 8 today and then Cowboys tomorrow? Or do I leave it and do all 3 tomorrow? But be bored today... 
My dad reckons if this was in Nigeria the president would have issued a shoot on sight order since Saturday! 
@user may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble 
"Kris Bryant had a two out, two run single in the 1st. Cubs 2  Giants 0" 
"[TV] Secrets of Sex: Having a Gay... (Community) Wed, Sep 2, 12:00 AM ...Old Time. An intimate portrait of the lives, loves and losses of .." 
@user degale for me mate but think Murray would cause him serious problems in the 2nd half of the fight, you?" 
But it's not just about overall nmbrs. Murray &amp;Mathews will put #Eagles in a lot of 3rd and manageable situations.  And finish at goal line 
"Done with AHS till Wednesday &amp; finished inside Amy Schumer, now what?" 
You may dislike either Messi or Ronaldo, but you can't dislike Zlatan. 
You know it's Friday when Rebecca black comes on the radio #TGIF 
come Novemember thru January dont open your mouth about NFL 
"Psst... here's the latest... the FASHION SHOW starts tomorrow at 1:30pm featuring SPLASH DANCE, LULLABY, &amp; YODEPHY! #BUZZ" 
@user   It may be the same as Naruto for me  I hate the anime but love the game. 
"It's September 8th and Frank Ocean still ain't released an album, thought Abel bought you time? Nah." 
If the NFL wants to punish Tom Brady &amp; the Patsies they should move all their games to Monday morning at 8 a.m. That should deflate them :) 
"I think tomorrow when I get out of class I'm going to Wal mart and buying apples , caramel squares,and razor blades to see the cashiers face" 
@user An informal networking day about digital publishing, Bethnal Green, 8 Nov.... 
You know you washed when you defending Beyonce on Instagram on a Saturday night. 
Still writing on Christmas and new year.... Still. And I’ll be writing about Valentine’s Day in December #DaFuzz 
"I have a date with Brentley<3 he's never late, every Monday! 2:30 on the dot (:? #TrueLove" 
"Not something, even the victors cannot see [the mind]. Not nothing, it is the ground of all samsara and nirvana. -3rd Karmapa" 
"LA: My friend has 1 extra ticket for the New Normal panel at Paleyfest tomorrow evening! If you want to tag along, please DM me! No weirdos." 
Remember in Straight Outta Compton when Ice Cube was writing Friday? Now you can own his hat! 
By 2020, the U.K. will accept 20,000 Syrian refugees:  British Prime Minister David Cameron announced Monday t... 
April & I are having dinner in Jacksonville tomorrow night with Milford & the future Mrs. Milford!  @user #SebringLSA13 
Not a lot has changed ... I'm sat with coffee right now lol  
Chris Evans with 33 yd TD run. Taylor w 2 pt conversion. 14-14 with 7:59 left in 3rd Qtr. 
I may have caught a UFO engaging warp drive in the background of this photo. 
"#JummaMubarak to all Muslims, May Allah forgive us in this Holy day...Ameen! 
@user Hey! The release for Ps4 and Xbox One is the 1st and the PC release will be at the 17th! 1/2 
RT @user Former NHL'er Pavol Demitra among the 44 dead in the Russian plane crash earlier today. 
"Ryan Braun went 2-for-4 with a run scored, two RBIs and his 23rd home run of the season (253rd of his #MLB career). #Brewers" 
"Come see my brother tonight at the Roxy! """"@CurtClendenin: An events page found on google for my show tomorrow! 
Serena may have taken that match, but Venus wins.  So much class.  Just a good person. The same cannot be said about her sister.  #veealways 
Tomorrow I'll respond to the often-repeated "Abortions are only 3% of what Planned Parenthood does!" #ProtestPP 
They'll be giving Glocks away the first Friday of the Rockets' season at Toyota Center; come early and get a traveling Gucci bag for storage 
"Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday unveiled a string of labour reforms, seeking to fulfil a pledge to boost the country's ma..." 
From tomorrow 5 days Eid holidays in Muscat.  Plans afoot to see a little of the interior with friends.  Eid Mubarak! 
Any pubs or cafes putting on the US election on Wednesday in Wellington? And what time NZ will coverage start? 
#Carpool #Lebanon - #LaneCommunityCollege Eugene Planning on going to LCC starting winter term in Jan... #rideshare 
I'm still not over Black Friday with Kendrick and J Cole tbh 
I need some people to go to Jason Aldean with next Friday! 
If u have a Real Madrid jersey wear it tomorrow 
Jason Aldean to get this Friday going 
"Gay and Christian: What the Bible REALLY Says - 2 Part Sermon September 13 and 20 - Trinity UCC, Concord. 11am.... 
"Predictions are that the new device Apple will unveil on Wednesday is called the iPad HD, not the iP" 
@user tried on Apple Watch at AH: impossible to hold watch before scan at desk. Turn it upside down may help! 
#Iran #Terrorism Iran expects oil to fall below $30: Iran said on Saturday that it expects o... #Islam #Tcot #UHF 
Anyone want to see Paper Towns on Thursday?? 
"#meet the press If its Sunday;""Its Chuck gets screwed by Carly Fiorina""" 
iPad HD hits stores tomorrow. Will you be waiting in line for one? 
@user mid-Feb at the moment. I’m hoping it arrives before Chinese New Year! 
Cross Wires Tuesday headlines: Pope's Motu Proprio changes the way Catholics get annulments; Catholic parishes... 
Just started an #FM13 game as Hibs. Beat Hearts in the Edinburgh Derby in my 2nd match: 
@user I'm finishing sophomore year in curtis but I'm moving too jersey Saturday well tmr i get the keys and everything 
I’m pretty sure in 7th grade I tripped on that same debate stage getting an award at the University of Denver - small world #Denver Debate 
When NBA trades become official July 11th - I hear ATL buys out the contract of Jordan Farmar. He will sign with a Turkish team. 
I’ll be giving 2 presentations @ the Center for Photographic Art in Carmel, CA on Sat. 11/3  #photography 
#usatoday No, Serena didn't throw the 2nd set against Venus: Forget the conspiracies -- th... #sports #sportsnews 
The show on Sunday is at the House Of Blues in Cleveland. The photo was taken at Water Street Music Hall in Rochester :/ #HappyHalloween 
No really Nicki may have been the only black female artist we saw tonight 
@user hi, i've trying to contact quantas bu phone with no success since last thursday...i left an ipad in a plane, could you help me? 
SHUT UP & HIT THIS PARTY SATURDAY!  - POP recommends:  One of our all time heroes, the legendary James Murphy... 
Kellen Cox 3rd down pass is picked off. 1st down Bearcats at the Lion 49. 
The 5th day of Eid visiting other family homes  #me #visit #family #homes #ootd #hijab 
YNM  - Did you see tonight's top ten best play on ESPN? 
"These newly wed poor couples are then sent to a paid trip to Iran, which is for "" religious education"". Read the article 4 more info" 
"Despite sitting in solo 4th, Jordan Spieth is the favorite (+275) to win British Open. Can still get +1960 on co-leader Paul Dunne." 
I hope it's not like this tomorrow cause I'm not going to stand in line for Sam Smith lol 
@user @user Panik may be easiest one to trade, just b/c that gaping hole is most easily plugged with current FA (Z, Kendrick)" 
"Drew Barrymore will be at the Cedar Hills Powells tonight. Amy Schumer is here tomorrow night. Twitter, youre failing me." 
Tom Brady not in uniform for Patriots game: Kraft said in a statement Thursday that he is grateful for... #NASCAR 
"Murray 6-3 6-2. First set 50mins, 2nd 34. Bellucci's fine start, belief, fading fast, Murray steady with flashes of his best, like SP pass." 
@user @user @user that’s up to Phil. He’s a big fan and may want to keep the copy all for himself. 
Tom Brady and the New England Patriots. Are you ready for Thursday Night Football?  #Embargo #NFL #PatriotsNation 
Parsons also confirmed w/ TW reporter abt JLin’s popularity, also ’promised’ he’ll visit Taiwan next yr 
Nokia n97 runt - bumper crop the whole exhilarated not to mention substantial wed exchange: WsPjEk 
"#saphila +1500 people in the Superbowl at Sun City to """"discover"""" How to help """"Africa Run like Never Before""""" 
@user you going to Shawn jawn tomorrow 
"If Saturday was anything to go by, #thfc's issue isnt creating chances but the conversion of those chances. Kane needs support &amp; competition" 
"Equalizer, a place in the stars, October 1st." 
Dustin Johnson is leading the PGA but don't worry. Saturday is only 2 days away 
"My phone corrected you to Thu so instead of ""I believe in you"" I said ""I believe in Thursday.""  Thor would be happy with this news." 
literally everyone on my tl is talking about naruto im screaming this my wordt night mar e before christmas this should be ilega 
I’m not sure how Teddy Bridgewater playing in the Orange Bowl will go over in Miami. We may find out. 
"White Sox tie it up, Mariners 5, White Sox 5  Bottom 9th 
Woke up like Ice Cube on Friday put on the deebos an made a bowl of cereal then noticed there's no milk lmao 
Liam's tattoo has the number 25 Zayn left on March 25 I'm not saying ziam is real &amp; alive but ziam is real &amp; alive 
so this friday theres an open mic in ajax we’re gunna test out some tunes at. anyone can play, if you wanna experiment with a crowd, holla! 
Paul Dunne should have said that he will just imagine the ball is Tom Rinaldi's head on the first tee tomorrow. #TheOpen 
"#Rent in US up 10% betw Jan'11 & Jun'12, up .1% in Calif says @user Sound right to you? 
@user drop a song with Kendrick for Christmas and then just give us the album in Feb 
That's a half arsed effort from BBC with the NFL. Highlights show from November! Season starts tomorrow FFS. Thank god for @user 
Bobcats open tomorrow night against the Pacers 
Trivia&gt; Nintendo - Episode 137: Play the game Existence until the end:Tomorrow never knows which games &gt;&gt; #Nintendo 
@user It may have been a one time thing as Paul McCartney played the hockey arena &amp; Wrestlemania was in the football arena. 
VB: #UE drops to 5-10 on the season after a sweep at Wichita State tonight: 3-0 (25-16, 25-16, 25-17). Aces play at Missouri State tomorrow. 
#bluemoon on deck! Friday morning with da bro and best friend @ The Gin Mill 
RT @user The Raiders are on the field for their Tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face Arizona Thursday night in Oakland. 
That moment when I didn’t realize that @user was going to be in Georgia tomorrow, and it’s my dad’s birthday. -__- 
John Kasich's Gay Marriage Response May Have Been the Moment of the Night | 57 
"Witsel's interm.: ""The player wants to join Milan, and if Milan want him he would be ready to be in Italy and wear the Milan shirt tomorrow""" 
@user @user excuse me? I done Sunderland on a Tuesday night. Hull Everton midweek before. If i can get the wed off work I’ll go. !! 
@user @user account to Kims MOTHER Kim was born 1976 she turned 39 July 11. Nicki will be 33 in 4 months. My accuracy &gt; urs 
"#3DT begins THiS Thursday at the """"S.E.C"""" #SignatureEventCenter 2001 South Lumpkin RD $3 w/ College ID $5 w/ regular ID til 11pm!!! #iParty" 
@user - he crosses his legs once he was sat. Hannibal raises an eyebrow upon hearing the teasing tone of the other's voice, he - 
West Indies players and Kyle Mills during a special presentation to the widow of Runako Morton on Wednesday 
@user Ah shit.. that's the one where I lay in my tent on Sunday night saying ""Nirvana? They'll be back some time soon.""" 
Anyone going ( or would like to go) to the Lifespan art auction tomorrow night? Will be leaving Haltwhistle at 6pm. 
"Frank ocean can't drop his album lol. The Weeknd, Drake , and travis Scott album about to drop. Yall might as well wait till October." 
"Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th, &amp; it's called For You it will include 2 new songs &amp; 4 old songs she's done." 
"What Do You Mean, by Justin Bieber  why does it make so much sense 
"Annual reminder: If a Christian says you can't have Christmas without Christ, remind them that you can't have Thursday without Thor." 
"""""All humans are entrepreneurs"""" - Reid Hoffman in """"The startup of you"""" 
Carly Fiorina: Against spending political capital fighting over amending the 14th Amendment.   Thank you. 
Testing time fr CONGress frm Tomorrow, #Ramdev at Ramlila Maidan Delhi as He braces up to catch the Rapacious Bull by the Horn. @user 
Katy Perry - Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.). #NowPlaying #Smartphone #Lyric #Android #Video #mp3 Download it now at 
Tune in today between 6am-7pm for the Jason Aldean Double Play Thursday for a chance to win tickets to the show... 
Let's start out the #Patriots off-season review by briefly touching on #deflategate. It's over. For Now. Tom Brady will play on Thursday. 
<Tech News> Apple's iPhone event: Join us Wednesday (live blog) The Lam Research Theater at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Fr 
"Manuals may play a role in early training activities, but they have limited value in the heat of battle." - Louis Gerstner, IBM #HRTrends 
"RT @user excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds, watching netflix, and chillin in the woman cave #l ..." 
"Let the romance rumors continue! In a sneak peek clip from this Sunday's brand new episode of I Am Cait, Caitlyn Jenner heads over to BFF" 
@user theyre coming to milan in december im just sayyijnfn 
Paper Towns is closing up and its last shows are Thursday August 6th.  The dinosaurs are are going extinct again... 
This Thursday, DESTRUCTO, creator of HOLY SHIP, comes to Ignition at Firestone Live! Surrender your booty, it’s... 
@user sorry about that, I didn't see it! I'm going to peep the article, are you gonna buy ""Watchman"" tomorrow? And yes by the way." 
"See John Lloyd Cruz & Angel Locsin at the """"Unofficially Yours"""" LA premiere on Feb 24.For tix visit or call 818-243-2539" 
Theresa May calls for a return to the original principle of EU free movement, Angela Merkel calls  - #GoogleAlerts 
Charlie Hebdo no 1178 #twitterstorm #mohammedcartoons  monday 20:00 centraleuropeanTime HASHTAG #PARIS Just do it 
@user And the way the Orioles are going, the Red Sox (60), Mariners (61), and White Sox (61) may do likewise before too much longer." 
@user agreed, but @user will be better prepared for that come Jan 2.    the real key to beating Rousey is to outpoint her" 
literally sat all day playing sims n listening to Justin Bieber 
WE’RE ON THE ROAD TO WEMBLEYYYYYYY. May as well start organising the trip ay. KINGS OF ENGLAND, NORWICH CITY. 
guys the Trayvon Martin case doesn’t start til JUNE 10,TWENTY THIRTEEN!!! #STEEP #GRADUATION 
"Despite scoring 4 in the 8th, White Sox couldn't overcome an early deficit. A 2-run HR by Kyle Seager and RBIs by... 
@user Where will I find out tomorrow at Bluesfest? I'm just going to see Grimes and then a bit of Airborne Toxic Event. 
The U.S. says the Boko Haram sect in north-east Nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft 
Arsenal Consider January Bid for Juventus' Simone Zaza After Failed Deadline Day Talks, According to the Guardian 
"BREAKING: Floyd Mayweather will fight a guy who he hand picked, and knows has no shot of beating him on September 12th in Las Vegas." 
To anyone who hasn’t seen the 1st half of David’s first ever recording for Nandito Ako, check the link below! 
got me looking at this paper Mars rules Tuesday and its color is Red and nights ago it was  a Blood Moon now  checking date @user 
"If my queen is in the 26th place, THE QUEEN must be in the first one #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
@user knock to the ankle,should be fit for Sunday. Sturbridge is 50/50. Apart from that fully fit squad I think. Vermalen still sick?" 
@user @user Just think there may be more interesting match-ups for Rousey (spoiler: she still wins) than ANOTHER rematch. 
Brock Lesnar is facing the Undertaker at summerslam this sunday. That shits gonna be sick. 
"If you want off the bandwagon, go ahead. David Price starts tomorrow. #BlueJays" 
Atletico Madrid want to buy Chelsea's Petr Cech in January [Sunday Star] 
"Charlotte! @user , @user and I open the 4 day @user fanfest THIS THURSDAY! 4 days of classic wrestling nirvana! #BeThere" 
"finished qbs. if the draft were today and i got to pick first every time, i'd take Arian Foster, Roddy White, Jason Witten, n Aaron Rodgers" 
@user @user Sixteen saltines (5th), Freedom at 21 (6th), I’m Shakin after the game #NLCShakin 
Don't say bad against Islam. Who knows tomorrow u are one of us. We are the fastest growing religion. 
3rd day of Eid is now going to End.... How was your Eid Friends ?? Did You Miss Mubii... 
Is Brock Lesnar a BEAST? Find out on the #Raw Podcast. #RAWKansasCity #Undertaker 
@user @user I feel in that department you may, unfortunately, be the Buddy Landel to his Ric Flair 
Tomorrow (11/15): #KitchenParty Live with Kent Whitaker: What to do with Thanksgiving Leftovers 
@user I'm so lost lmao, has Shawn left/landed in NY already or is he leaving tomorrow morning??" 
@user You may want to contact Sony at or we can post a question on MS Community for you. Let us know! ^NY 
Ben Roethlisberger says he isn't surprised Tom Brady won case #steelersvspatriots THURSDAY 
@user @user May the merciful Lord give them victory over d Boko Haram the murderers 
it's august 8th. Still no Frank Ocean album me: 
@user what time is the country thunder ticket giveaway at dunkin donuts tomorrow? 
Tune into Monday Night RAW LIVE from San Jose California as Brock Lesnar returns to RAW on the road to SummerSlam Monday at 8pm ET on USA 
Live at D-tronics 20th Anniversary with Locations valley wide McAllen,Edinburg,Harlingen,Brownsville they have... 
Any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box 8kg from Haltwhistle to London. Preferably same day delivery next Mon or Tues. 
Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is to hold a press conference at the Bernabeu at 12:30pm on Tuesday prepare tomatoes 
"Well, I guess this is the last Monday I can blame Gin Mill for my hangover." 
Hulk Hogan: 'I want to be Trump's running mate. Vice President Hogan' - Washington Times 
@user Me &amp; My Phone have one sided relationship as it does not have sensors like Moto G 3rd Gen.#YouDesrveBetter 
What if oakland beat the Royals in the bot of the 12th.... it would have been a bay bridge series all over again. Maybe a 7.2 earthquake too 
@user C'mon Vince you gotta help Hulk Hogan out, This thing is silly."" Fight for the rights of Everyman""" 
"WBO's 3rd time Fighter of the Decade, Manny Pacquiao. #24Oras" 
@user If they are still looking for a Center, they may want to inquire about Sam Gagner.  Edmonton needs D. 
@user @user @user can't play tonight cause I didn't think id get any offers so I signed up to PS4 gfin but can play tomorrow? 
Beyond Eyes Out Tomorrow on PS4: Hey PlayStation.Blog readers! Together with independent developer Tiger &amp; Squ... 
"BUENOS AIRES, Dec 11 (Reuters) - Argentina's new government will not appeal a court's decision to strike down a deal with Iran over" 
@user I may have spent 5 minutes watching the poo traverse my sewers as my SimCity flushed its loos... 
@user getting ready to go to da airforce in January, music, and workin basically about it....yhu still stay in Knollwood Apts. ?" 
We are in search for Card Section Manager in Muscat, Oman. If interested you may APPLY @ 
The JumpStart students walk the Brooklyn Bridge & end the night Bieber style. 
Realized I didn't get to see the Redskins get that beatdown on Sunday. 
My playlist is going from Bryson tiller to Justin Bieber to August Alsina lmao 
Kerry: Russia has lied about its activities in Ukraine: Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday that ...  (Fox) 
Queensryche issue Arrow Of Time :- Hear first track from 2nd album with Todd La Torre  Sounds like Iron Maiden to me. 
@user aslan bi he2elo yotlob a 10 min break after 2nd set for the heat shit medre shu. W aslan better la Murray. Momentum ma3 Kev! 
.@JTSoutherland What the 14th says or doesn't say is not up to you. The words have meanings. Legally, SCOTUS decides. They have. 
@user : Pit road speed limits are the major cause of fuel mileage racing. The King’s 7th Daytona 500 win is the only mileage race prior 
Like a Rolling Stone competition with AP Physics 2nd period with Mr. Shaw.  #DHSFIZIX 
"Witsel's agent:""He wants to join #ACMilan,he already talked with Zenit.If Milan is interested too he's ready to fly to Italy tomorrow""." 
"RT @user Gaga is now in 4th place for solo artists with the most Top 10s in a row, only behind Janet Jackson, Madonna & Whit ..." 
"1. Many don't seem to understand that Islam undergoes a protracted time of religious wars, like Christianity did in Europe in the 16th and" 
Stop it Nicki said all that behind a smile 
Incredible time at the Ed Sheeran concert on Saturday night in Dallas! @ Toyota Park Frisco 
Debating on going to the Memphis vs Clippers game Wednesday or watching the Knicks vs Heat game on TV #Decisions 
@user Hi, Kane. We're sorry for the inconvenience. May we please have your ticket number and e-mail address via DM? Thank you." 
IBM Still Leads. HP Closing the Decline Gap: Hewlett-Packard said on Thursday that its profit fell 13 percent ... 
IAAF world champs, Super Sunday BPL, La Liga, Federer vs Djojk Cincy Final. Best sporting day for ages. 
NonStop #music for you! now: U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday it's #Holland #International at 
"As of September #2012, countries with standing national bans on YouTube include China, Iran, Pakistan, and Turkmenistan." 
Careless World is the album of the year by @user 
Remember the 31st of July when I had 2 weeks in Maga and Leeds Festival to come and had not long before seen The Stone Roses #theglorydays 
Bobby Jindal may be the 1st candidate ever to run for president for basically 5 yrs &amp; be at 0 % in the polls down from a round up 1% 
"The presidential election is starting to become an episode of Saturday night live, with special guest hosts; Donald Trump and Kanye West" 
Scott Walker takes on protesters at Iowa State Fair: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said Monday he wasn't about t... 
I have my Agent Carter t shirt and my Jan earrings. The concession stand guy said stay till the end. As prepared for Ant-man as I can be? 
"Report about Sunanda's death inconclusive: Police: New Delhi, Oct 10 (IANS) Delhi Police said Friday the foren... 
@user Yeah bro! Girls Gone Wild is hosting a party friday hahahah. Make sure your in shape before bootcamp, otherwise it will suck. 
"Moderate rain fall in D.C., Prince George's &amp; Charles counties. Showers also in Culpeper. 1st day of school there! 
I know it's last minute but does anyone need 2 tickets for Jason Aldean in Raleigh tomorrow night? Message me for more info #ecu #Greenville 
Djokovic looks physically better than against Goffin &amp; Dolgopolov, he may beat Federer today; probably he played only 70-80% in previous RDs 
Travis Shaw hit his seventh homer Wednesday versus the White Sox. #RedSox 
I have either just made an awesome king cake for work tomorrow...or the worst darn thing to ever hit a persons mouth...we shall see 
"Dustin Johnson would be -13, tied for 5th if he simply bogeyed the first instead of puttin' up a snowman." 
Reelz CEO is 'darn proud' the network aired Miss USA pageant: Reelz Chief Executive Stan E. Hubbard said Sunday the cable network was... 
Hey @user my name is Shaky Knee. I ordered the Seth Rollins U Can't C Knee shirt and I need it before Sunday. Let's make this work. 
Abbey Dawn New York Fashion Week Show 2012 - 10 September 2012 ~ with @user :) 
Official: The first derby of the season between Real Madrid &amp; Atletico Madrid will be played on October 4. #HalaMadridYNadaMas 
New link with times:  @user Shishi-Odori (Deer Dance) from Tohoku @user in London on 8&9 Sept. 
This whole time I’m thinkin why the heck is everyone keeps talkn bout the NINERS but i forgot its Monday night football lmao 
Starting tomorrow, you'll be able to reserve and buy an Apple Watch in stores 
@user may be Rahul Gandhi was going thru ""those days""" 
Saturday night bout to be live.....2 dollar drinks wizards opener with the homie @user 
Imagine Zayn comes out on the 2nd part of CFMF 
All these slugs going to Zac Brown Band tomorrow are missing the real show @user @user #30thAnniversary #CallMeAl #Rosie 
Mohamed Nasheed’s Press brief about CONI report - 31 Aug 2012: via @user 
@user oh I said 6th generation of the iPod nano, no reply still 
Tanahashi may be the Shawn Michaels of NJPW but this wrestler right here is the Randy Orton of New Japan. (Scheduled Tweet) 
Moto G (3rd Gen) First Impression: Can it Beat Xiaomi Mi 4i and Lenovo K3 Note? 
Niang fires just wide with Milan's first true chance. 18th minute. #SilviosChampagneFootball. #MilanVerona 
"Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 23: Liquidmetal Technologies, Inc. (OTC:LQMT) traded as ... 
"Is Caitlyn Jenner finally ready to put on a bathing suit?! In this Sunday's I Am Cait, the 65-year-old faces her fears about wearing a" 
Keep voting for Lady Gaga by just RETWEETING this tweet! VOTING ENDS TOMORROW!  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
One day to go before initiations. Feeling like Jim White on August 30th... #arefreshersreadyforbane #Shermanoff 
Obama was adopted by Dumham's 2nd husband Soetero and his name changed to Barry Soetero. No record it was changed Bj 
"Saw X-Men: First Class last night. Still gotta see Captain America, Transformers, Cowboys & Aliens and Rise of the Planet of the Apes #whew" 
"I liked a @user video WWE RAW, Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman addressed the ending of SummerSlam, Aug 24," 
Question!!!!!! Somebody settle this for me.....  when the pope comes in town the weekend of the 25th of... 
ELSA has now launched the 11th edition of the ELSA Moot Court Competition on WTO law!  Sign up and face the... 
@user See 'Boruto: Naruto the Movie' on the big screen 7pm Oct 11th and 14th! #anime 
Wednesday: Too soon to talk gun control Thursday: Still too soon Friday: Oh Donald Trump and Sarah Palin talking about a wall, let's tune in 
Imagine if #KimDavis targeted conservatives instead of gay marriage.  She'd take the 5th and keep her pension. 
I would like to fast forward to Friday when I'm at the Singapore Indoor Stadium! 
"I'm going to disney world, october 3." 
So John Henson play on the team tues. 
"The Vamps, look you are in The Sun Paper #HappyVampers @user 
Top pct of rushing plays: SEA 54.70%, HOU 51.84%, WSH 51.07%, BUF 47.92%, SF 47.85%... #Bears are 9th with 47.04% 
Guy opened the 8th gate and Naruto saved his ass.. GOAT 
If you do another season of Big Brother please please please bring Friday night live back!! Everyone wants it back on! @user #BBAU 
Oklahoma's new Open Carry Law goes into effect today. Check James Keeton's article about the law in our latest issue. 
"If a country is not in control of its borrowing. Borrowing will take over the country - George Osborne (UK Minister - Born: May 23, 1971)." 
@user  HEY YOU. Go to the Carnival Tomorrow 
"Brother related or  ""brother"" like Hulk Hogan uses it? Careful w/ your answer we know how that turned out for Hulk. 
"Oh well. President-elect Willard Mitt Romney it will be on November 6th, then." 
"my radio show tomorrow at 8 AM on WPIT 73 AM. Had calls from Neb and FL, so call the show from wherever you are even Africa 1.412.333.9748" 
#Gossip #Madonna Madonna performs in St. Louis Thursday night; Will she be late? #TeamFollowBack Go 
join me and @user on Sept 10 after the close!  fun webinar after Labor Day 
"Photo: demnewswire: Before he announces his presidential campaign tomorrow, take a look at how John Kasich... 
the one who take a role 2nd lead on Fashion King??? 
"While it may not surprise anyone that Floyd Mayweather considers himself to be the greatest boxer of all time, it... 
Trading Street: iPhone Change May Be How You'll Pay: Apple's biggest update to the iPhone may be how most cons... 
"I just bought a  few replacement fall decor items from Michaels and according to Dunkin's FB page, I can put them up starting tomorrow." 
Why Rick Perry's campaign's financial woes may not mean as much in the age of SuperPACs. 
"Stoops said he's going to suspend a player for the first half of Saturday's game. Someone asks if he wants to say who. Stoops: """"Not really.""""" 
FACT: if Kendrick made a song about crapping it would be 10x more influential than a Future song about slavery 
"July 16, 8pm EST, Big Time Movie will be premiering on YTV with One Direction commenting during commercials." 
"I wanted Nadean to record me twerking to mistletoe by Justin Bieber so I could post it tomorrow &amp; she tells me ""no that's a sin"". HOE. IDC" 
We're in hostile territory with these WNY Flash fans. 2nd half of overtime about to begin...Red Stars kicking off. 
Go try and win a PS Vita at the Lollipop Chainsaw Event at Fish & Co. @ Glasshouse. You may get bitten by zombies, but it’s a PS Vita! 
"I celebrate Christmas, @user and I don't believe in Christ. Just like I call it Thursday but don't believe in Thor." 
@user @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August" 
@user are you going to maths tomorrow morningg?? xx 
Who wants to see Ant-man with me tomorrow :// 
Here’s all you need to know about upcoming #lebronX drops Thursday marks two launches Blue Diamond & Jade. #teamlebron 
@user the only one I can think of is that 1 Super Bowl, the other 2 may be Reggie Wayne and Marvin Harrison, only ex. that come to mind" 
@user I'm going to Raw on the 28th. Any messages you want me to pass along to Seth Rollins? 
"George Osborne on British contributions ""we do not have a veto ... and we have to live with the consequences."" 
"Of course he supports Israel-- may be crazy, but he's not stupid 
is anyone going to runrig tomorrow 
Book Swap, Saturday at 2pm! We’ll bring the cookies.... 
August 28, 2015  'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump  
"Downtown Halifax on a Wednesday night: extremely tough-looking biker in full leathers roars by, radio blaring the Bee Gees." 
"The 2013 San Diego County Fair theme will be """"Game On,"""" all about board, pinball, TV and computer games. Begins June 8. #sdfair" 
back to fill the void widely left open by both Hulk Hogan's ousting and Roddy Piper's death 
#Friday #Goodmorning #Weekendishere What NFL game do you dream of attending this season? Make it a reality   
Demba Ba is rated as ’50-50’ to make Newcastle’s trip to Liverpool on Sunday, with the striker nursing a calf injury. 
"The $5.00 tickets for Jonathan Kozol are going fast! Last chance to buy at the OEA Center will be Thursday,... 
For any of those who went to see the Dancing On Ice tour this year the DVD of the tour comes out November 26th 2012 
"Weird that she's okay with gay marriage because it's now ""the law of the land""  
Just witnessed the 1st ever black king of Endymion 
US expands Ebola screenings at airports - An official of the White House said on Friday in Washington that five... 
No one thought Tlusty/Stempniak were the best. Just wanted depth because we knew Thor was going to get 3rd line mins 
Apple might want to give devs a little info on iPad Pro before dropping it and iOS 9.1 on the market in November. ht: @user 
@user if I go to dunkin tomorrow for coffee ill buy you a bagel, toasted?" 
Perry: but Morgan State scored a touchdown at the top of the 4th quarter, cutting Howard’s lead to 21-14 w/ 11 minutes left in the game. 
I'm up before 5pm on a Wednesday... who am I and what have I done with Curtis? 
"COSATU will convene a workers rally at Olympia Park stadium in Rustenburg on the 27 October, for the reinstatement of dismissed mineworkers" 
TV News: Dec 17th ’Gossip Girl’ finale will air a sneak peek of the upcoming ’Sex & the City’ spin off  ’The Carrie Diaries’ 
"#MLBFantasy Ryan Braun reached base four times Tuesday, going 2-for-2 with two walks and two runs scored as the Brewers downed the Pa..." 
Dustin Johnson has blew it. Quadruple bogie at the 1st 
@user who do you guys think is going to win the Brock Lesnar v Undertaker fight on Sunday? 
FAQ: What is ’skeuomorphic design’ and the executive shakeup at Apple: SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MARCH 07:  Apple CEO ... 
#BREAKINGNEWS a man is in custody and is assisting police over the stabbing death of a man in Bentley on Thursday #perthnews #wanews 
"Adm Turner, Okinawa: I may be crazy but it looks like the Japanese have quit the war. Nimitz: Delete all after """"crazy."""" #WWII" 
"...Private Suite for Four Chicago White Sox  with Jeff Samardjzia autograph baseball (Sept 13, 2015 vs Minnesota Twins)...." 
NO. 108 UN JORIT MAR DALA ZAYUN                                  (Watchman on the Walls of Zion) Doh is C  1. Un... 
#White Sox - Adam Eaton is not in the White Sox starting lineup on Wednesday. #Alarm 
Louis Tomlinson may be expecting a baby with Briana - but he's got a NEW girlfriend: 
@user I got my ticket for The Vamps. May I know, can I get the printed ticket at the venue? I chose print at home but can I collect it?" 
Paul Dunne at the 18th Tee with the Bridge over the Swilcan Burn and the Royal &amp; Ancient Golf Club in the... 
"Caitlyn Jenner responds to reports ""she"" may be charged in fatal car wreak: ""They don't have the balls to charge me, but I still have mine!""" 
@user Plays Lt. Joe Bishop on the hit new series #BeautyandtheBeast !! Check it out every Thur. 9/8c on CW Network!! 
Can it just be the 27th when finals are done and Thor and I are getting wasted with my family in the hottub 
Interesting. But the amount of Muslims that condemn ISIS is much more significant 
@user tomorrow fc toronto vs liverpool? Are you go at stadium? Today napoli won 3 a 2 vs bayern !! Scored: Pandev,Cannavaro,insigne! 
"In Hastings, Nebraska, it's illegal to have sex without wearing a night shirt." 
@user Mikasa shoved a blanket against his chest once they got downstairs, but she didn't leave yet. She sat down on the sofa--" 
"Nov 11, Boston Celebrity Chef Class - What to Do with Thanksgiving Leftovers: The BCAE Teams Up with Local Food ... 
@user im tellin you I may have been single as long as Caitlyn Jenner was a man, but that don't mean I didn't" 
@user definetly I wish we can go back to how it used to be right now can we stay the same me when can see u Monday @ 12pm by dunkin 
The RAIDERS game is tomorrow and I'm juiced. Who is going or wants to go to the game? 
@user When are you really landing in NZ? Ash said morning? Then you said Saturday night? And then you said mid day tomorrow? :L x 
"Scott Walker was having a good day of campaigning Monday, and then something unexpected happened: The truth about... 
@user CURTIS - WELCOME (and may I add how utterly original of you old tater) LOL 
@user me too. Netflix night with wifey and kids. 
"Harry, Liam, and Niall arrived by private jet in Cleveland today. Louis took the tour bus with the band and crew Tuesday night! 8-27-15" 
Hearing @user will be the main event vs Umberto Lucci (0-1) in Milan on Sep 26. @user on undercard. CW 250 pounds. 
David Wright and his best friend both ground out in the 9th 
"snsd Jessica 'Koon with a view' opening party Oct 18, 2012 GIRLS' GENERA...: via @user yellow dress" 
Somebody find me a cheap ticket for the Seth Rollins meet and greet Saturday at 3. I'm not paying over $100. 
"July 16, 8pm EST, Big Time Movie will be premiering on YTV with One Direction commenting during commercials (via @user 
@user a lot of times the 2nd day after a workout is when I'm the sorest. Just a little delayed onset muscle soreness you Gucci 
"Some copies of ""Go set a Watchman"" by Harper Lee may have lines of text missing at the bottom of six pages between 252 and 277." 
"Rooney off, Kane on. Tickets are still available for Tuesday's game v Switzerland at Wembley, by the way #cunningplan" 
Premier League Team of the Week: March 5: GMF takes a look at the team of the weeken... ...via 
@user hey at least Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans, and Krysten Ritter all on Kimmel tonight, Civil War trailer may drop. #AgentsofSHIELD" 
"Coming Wednesday: Scott Walker says ""everyone living in poverty"" in WI is covered by #Medicaid, even though he refused #Obamacare money." 
On a scale of 1 to Rebecca Black how happy are you that it's Friday 
@user who’s your PA? New house is 10 mins away. Off to Dubai on Sat - going to the grand prix too (cheers G’ma)! 
November 1st 2003: Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first Manchester United goal with 18 yrs - 269 days old. 
Also make Mutton compulsory meal for everybody during Christmas and Eid? 
"#NationalHerald  We done sir, @user because of u Sonia &amp; Rahul Gandhi stand as accused in court. May God bless u with long healthy life." 
I feel bad for the people working at ihop tomorrow morning lol 
Who else thinks that the ’Little Things’ video that premieres November 2nd is gonna beat Justin Biebers record? 
Remember this when you watch the news stories about Nicki tomorrow morning. 
"Here's the first chapter of ""Go Set a Watchman"" for all of you readers out there 
sorry professors, can't go to class tomorrow morning bc Justin is on the today show. #BieberTODAY 
"Yo Nate, Shawn and Wanya. How about when you come to Namibia in October. Can we get same tees printed Namibia? 
Real Madrid tried to get de gea on the cheap like fergie said they are a  shower. 
Oliseh likes what he sees: Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh says his Super Eagles side are a work in progr... #femnath 
@user cause my agent say those who wanna continue at Adidas go to the office on monday @ 2pm! no other days to go alr! ASK QUICK. 
Having a ride along with Ice Cube and Kevin Hart must be very peaceful...  #RideAlong2   ~   Jan 15 
@user did Danica tell you that there not stunting tomorrow ? 
black    holacost   Christians   how  many   of  !  gave   praise  to   Jesus   sunday   do  research  .  he   was   a  muslim   prophet 
Tom Brady may well become the first player to try to sue his way into the Hall of Fame.  His legal maneuvers are ruining his legacy. 
Red Sox open 2016 season April 4th at Cleveland...Fenway opener April 11th with Baltimore.. 
May I get a Lucas Scott for a sleepover tonight? Please! #DalalWantsLucasScott 
Apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday replaced the heads... 
STOP the TPPA &amp; you will Kill MONSANTO at the same time 
Does anyone know what time Iggy Pop and Royal Blood will be on stage at the Foo Fighters in Milton Keynes on Sat? #foofighters #royalblood 
When’s the last time the Chiefs scored a meaningful offensive touchdown? September 23rd, at Saints. #FIREPIOLI 
And that's the kind of life it's been. Lloyd Robertson signs off Sept 1: via @user &lt;-- He'll be missed! 
What's your elephant in the room?  Mikaela &amp; Kerry, dished out hundreds of these stress balls on Saturday! If you... 
.@GrantWahl What's with Euro soccer leagues having Europa League for 2nd-tier teams? And domestic cups? All sports have quirks. 
@user @user Unfortunately not! But we are promoting I'll Give You the Sun at Paper Towns screenings today. 
@user Haha maybe that's what all the commotion was about at MetLife on August 5th 
RT @user Revis bats down Sanchez pass to Holmes. 3rd PBU by 24 in 2days. Holmes makes up 4 it with catch on Cromartie on next p ... 
@user are you still up north or can you review CAROLon Fri (Cate Blanchett &amp; Mara Rooney in film version of gay classic novel) 
@user yea!! And I know the most people going to those places!! I think only Hk and Taiwan are going on Thursday. 
"Come on Kane, I have put you on my squad for 3 gameweek. Hahahah. And I will give you 4th,and 5th chance to prove. 
"That David wright home run has 8th inning , inning ending double play with bases loaded written all over it" 
#UFC lightweights @user VS @user set for TUF 16 Finale on the FX December 15 card, prelims on FUEL TV and Facebook. #MMA 
"Futsal: Europa League, W1 D2, L1: 4th  Redgrift, Wall, P.Brown, Kesic, Goodwin 3, Mrozek 1, Steele &amp; R.Brown Player of the tournament: Wall" 
"Frank Ocean is never dropping the album but let's entertain this ""22 September"" theory" 
@user @user @user @user invitation and so did the majority. Islam is by the heart. May Allah guide u 
BR wednesday, Natchitoches thursday, Fort Worth friday-- it’s been real, but ready to get back to the flats #homestretch 
"Big Monday" was big dud! In the words of Marty Robbins (too old for you youngsters) but often covered by Grateful Dead - El Paso! LAD best? 
Scott Walker says he'll move to repeal Obamacare on first day of presidency - Sun Times National 
More players have joined Ghana's camp ahead of the friendly game against Nigeria on Tuesday. 
"Trynna go to the movies today and see ""Rise of the Planet of the Apes !""" 
"Because it's Friday, listen to Can't Tell Me Nothing by Kanye West on @user 
"The 30-year-old dressed up for her day out in Milan, on Thursday, sporting a plunging black top and caged heels as she made strides along" 
"Well, guess who's probably NOT gonna be the 6th man? Randy Orton. #RawBaltimore #RAW" 
"With the federal budget deal signed into law, people 70+ may be able to make large charitable gifts from an IRA. 
Strong rumours that Conor McGregor will fight Jose Aldo on the 5th of December in Texas #mcgregor #aldo #ufc #conormcgregorvjosealdo 
"Who will be Narendra Modi's choice for the post of Cabinet Secretary?: New Delhi, Oct 17: Soon, Narendr... #india" 
2nd time to New Creation Church to see Joseph Prince for the 1st time. 
#bts this arvo with Jess - borrowing some mats from @user for tomorrow's FREE #yoga class.  Yoga is... 
"Dungeness Crab Sport Season Opening This Saturday: MOSS LANDING, Calif. - Fisherman along the Central Coast are... 
Joseph Prince - None Of Us, All Of Christ! - 14 Oct 2012: via @user How much of God’s GRACe do you need? 
Moto G (3rd gen) vs. Moto X Play specs: What's the difference? 
Are you wearing your #1025sendmebackstage shirt at Zac Brown Band today?! Tweet us your seats &amp; we just may upgrade you! #1025FenwayWeekend 
##$$## Black Friday Deals Olympus OM-D E-M5 16MP Live MOS Interchangeable Lens Camera with 3.0-Inch Tilting OLED Tou... 
Since @user ditched me who wants to get dunkin with me tomorrow morning? I'll drive 
@user and the under on Dustin Johnson's 1st 2 rounds... and over on last 2 
Calling all progressives: help us reform the welfare state | George Osborne | a heffalump trap if ever I saw one. 
Son idc anymore. I'm going by shawn tomorrow 
Did you know that 'Hulk Hogan' was Trending Topic on Friday 24 for 23 hours in Portland? #trndnl 
NTA viewers 7:00am on other tues 10,000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50,000000 
Ed Sheeran catches his first-ever baseball game at Citi Field: The singer smiled with a former high school fri... 
Gucci gob ego-id conflict hoping june display the two-sided thine solitary herein l for old pro speaking: hixRCbMGm 
I think I'll do a Niall spam now but that will be the last one for tonight I'll continue with Liam and Zayn tomorrow #EMABiggestFans1D 
Report about Sunandas death inconclusive Police: Delhi Police said Friday the forensic evidence available abou... 
@user In between phones at the moment. Will go to Shoeless Joe's Monday morning if that's fine. 
George Zimmerman is scheduled to go on trial June 10th for the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin. 
Heres your 1st choice Rick Perry the "conservative" #NRORevolt  
Jennifer Aniston believes in REGULAR SUN EXPOSURE~check it out!... 
My Bench would be. 6th man Seth Rollins. Chris Jericho. Brock Lesnar. Ric Flair, and.... John Cena... just kidding. NOT CENA. xD 
I've been waiting for winter break since the Monday we came back from Thanksgiving break! 
David Wright goes first to home with half a spine and Matt Harvey wants to quit after tomorrow. #HOTTAEKS 
@user  You have updates to MSG but what about Comcast Center or Mohegan Sun Arena 
"My 4th account is gonna be blocked now, what to do?? Create the 5th?! It's the craziest voting I've ever seen in my life #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
new chris christie SuperPAC ad may be the most boring political ad ever produced. comparable to transforming cosmo kramer into jeb bush 
@user I doubt it's coming at this point, may as well just get it on PS4 when you decide to pick one up." 
Boise State may make Brandon Boykin's day. /via @user #uga #dawgs #boise #georgia #bulldogs 
@user Is TFI Friday cancelled because of Chris Evans' Top Gear?  No: it's crap 
"Grand! Opening! Of """"Orlando Live"""" formally """"LAX"""" Classic Wknd! Friday, Saturday, Sunday! Some of the Biggest 
"Morning! Watch the 4 Lab leadership contenders give their views on George Osborne's budget for 1st time 0915 BBC2/BBCNews, with 100 voters" 
@user Playing around on the piano. Paul McCartney 's So Bad and Carole King's Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow. Sleep tight. 
"Preview of the December issue, out November 23: Cate Blanchett styled by Christine Centenera and photographed by... 
#JanzourNews Hold the applause for Saudi Arabia - Toronto Sun: Toronto SunHold the applause for Saudi A... #World 
@user jan can you confirm for me that Real Madrid have made contact previously with reus and were told no sale 
"man I'm about to see Janet Jackson in October , it ain't much anybody can tell me" 
I'll just leave this right here..  Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday #np on #SoundCloud 
@user @user me when Niall broke his leg for the 5th time 
Bertolacci ruled out of Milan derby: Milan defender Andrea Bertolacci will miss the derby with Inter on Sunday... 
Gucci bags subliminal possession april balloon the dual yours individualistic into confederacy as far as no sl... 
"Just now turning on the White Sox, and it looks like a Saturday afternoon neighborhood softball game #untucked" 
"Get out the vote in WI tomorrow! RT @user Wisconsin Recall, Part Two: Fleebaggers face the music 
What are The Sun trying to say about Zayn?... 
i'm going to do the sydney dalton diet right before school so on the 4th day during school i go looking fab xoxo 
"May i know how the match result between milan vs verona just now ?  @user  
Bernie Sanders will be discussing the major issues this Sunday at the Greensboro Coliseum. Doors open at 6pm. #PresidentialElection2016 
I like Meek Mills when he raps because he talks like a handicapped 4th grader...how do he and Nicki hold conversations??? 
"cause it's friday 13th, i'm watching My Super Psycho Sweet 16 part 1 & 2 #youknowYOLO" 
Meet the man making a documentary defending Joe Paterno: (he may look familiar) 
Who will go see Magic Mike Xxl with me before I leave on the 31st??? 
Who are you tomorrow? Will you make me smile or just bring me sorrow? #HottieOfTheWeek Demi Lovato 
"A day may come when anybody who is a little sensitive starts filing PILs, SC in ML Sharma's PIL on Rahul Gandhi citizenship. @user 
@user what promotions are you offering for National Hot Dog Day tomorrow? 
"New Orleans Saints live updates from Joe Vitt, Drew Brees press conferences: Vitt, Brees talk about Monday night... 
Gucci bags pleasure principle reception december rarefy the two-sided yours fellow to adjunct on ignoratio ele... 
##$$## Black Friday Deals Canon EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM Zoom Lens with Hoya UV Filter + Hood + Accessory Kit for ... 
ok tomorrow I'll try to post the signs as nirvana members and songs -j 
Pretty sure Grammys are going to play it safe Monday and go with the no brainier picks  Big Sean Drake J Cole Dr Dre Kendrick Lamar 
Remember that time Wayne ran across the show to help Nicki up the stairs but tn Meek just sat in his seat while my mom had to wait for Rebel 
"everyone drink Tony Romo says he had a no-alcohol bachelor party: By Tom Weir, USA TODAY Details o... who will last" 
"World Stand Off is set for this Friday Aug18th for PUSH KICK PROMOTIONS at the Pomona Fairplex, Down 2 scrap MMA... 
@user @user I have a theory. Niall will be 1st to tweet. Louis, Liam &amp; nothing from Harry. Once the hiatus starts. Idk." 
"Ancelotti: I always use Isco, but tomorrow James will begin the match because he was in the bench in Wednesday's match" 
My friend Bailey is going to Allstar’s show tomorrow....... 
@user brady bunch... tom brady. its all propaganda! Signed, the 2nd shooter from the grassy knoll" 
"My top 3 are probably: Granny Chiyo &amp; Sakura vs Sasori, Guy vs Kissame (the 2nd time) and Naruto vs Pain." 
DECA meeting tomorrow in the media center at 7:30am. We have a lot of stuff to talk about and breakfast will be provided! 
"My question: If @user has canceled May trip to Milan for Jubilee commitments, what are the commitments. He going someplace else?" 
Join YES Shelter in the Pride Parade Sept 19th 1:30-3pm: &amp;nbsp;   Join the Youth Emergency Shelter as we... 
That game saw Kenny Lofton clinch the pennant for the Giants with a single to score David Bell in the 9th. 
#MLB #Brewers Ryan Braun will not be in the starting lineup for Wednesday's game vs Cleveland. 
#HalloweenSong now playing X Files, Phantom of the Opera, Halloween, Friday the 13th, Psycho, Devil’s Rejects - what are you listening to? 
The horn sounds to end the 2nd period. Sens down 3-0 with 29 minutes left. 
Remember when Kendrick Lamar was at the Del mar fair 
@user Kane? And Aguero was surely better than Hazard maybe he gets 1st since he won the title 
after 8 hours of headache i'm getting my Galaxy Note 5 tomorrow.. hopefully. but more headache later when i have to deal with the cleanup... 
Erdogan says he will call snap via @user @user #marketing #influence #news 
@user I'm going to Vegas tomorrow, but I'm guessing you're going to sleep in. I'm out at 7:50 a.m." 
#web Apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday replaced the heads of ... 
Dustin Johnson (PGA) 1st player in modern era to shoot 66 or better in opening round of the 3 majors in a single season. 
Best part about following Sarah Palin on twitter is, no matter how much you double check, you always think it may be a parody account... 
Took and hour to vote...first day of early voting..please try not to wait until Super Tuesday #earlyvoting 
"If A&M does finally consummate the SEC romance, who would be the 14th SEC team? Has to be one of FSU, Clemson, Miami or Georgia Tech." 
Women's Volleyball:  LIU Post 3, Bentley 0 (Final) Falcons fall in 3 despite 10 kills from Buscher. Back at it at 10 am tomorrow morning 
Do the Black Friday verses from Kendrick and Cole count?  
@user yall going to lions park tomorrow? 
@user Italy may refuse to return navy persons Massimillano and Girone who killed fishermen following the act done to Yakub 
Camera closes in on Murray in his chair after losing 2nd set and he's dropping F bombs like they're going out of fashion. Brilliant. #USOpen 
2nd Day Eid with @user at Swati House Abbottabad great time with Khan Sb thank u so much Sir for your time. 
@user Your NAT may be strict or moderate. Open your NAT with this guide, please: Let us know. ^LB" 
@user remind her she was dancing to AC/DC last Sat night... 
"Views isn't coming out on the 26th lol. Frank Ocean taught you," 
"the other day in class I told this girl I like shawn and she says ""he's not that hot."" 1st, yes he is. 2nd, even if he wasn't I don't care." 
Today’s future of news wood: free Hawkeye Lego toy on the cover of Murdoch’s Sun 
@user I just want to change the first flight. From Sydney to LAX. There's one at 1140am on the 30th December. 
Murray with a 1st down pass to Kirk 
@user oh man I had the same feeling Sunday when my Packers hung on to beat the Dolphins LOL 
screenshots of Jasmine today (nov 22nd) via Briana's snapchat video she just posted #jvupdates 
"The Weeknd dropping a mixtape right before he drops his new album on the 28th, yet it's been 3 years since we got some new Frank Ocean." 
Yay... we had us a mini water fight =) Now my hair messed up << think tomorrow imma go to alsip and get in the pool 
@user KO has been doing it as long as Randy Orton has. Just didn't have the opportunity to showcase himself before May ;) 
@user Curtis left Thursday's game vs. ASH with 7 minutes left in the 1st half and didn't return after suffering a lower-leg injury. 
some days I want to blast fleetwood Mac, some days I want to blast biggie and others blast taking back Sunday. 
Glow in the Dark T-Shirt Workshop at Grange Playcentre on Thur 1.11.12 (tomorrow) 10-11.30 am 
Eight-run 2nd inning for the Yankees and I'm just sitting here laughing at the Red Sox futility 
Or maybe Apple will bring U2 back. We're kidding. U2 is totally not going to come back  Haha  
"Escape the rain: today's lunchtime talk @user  A Short History of Ski-in in Scotland, 12.45" 
It's the 21st of August istg if the reason why Zayn isn't tweeting is because he's got something in store for us in this specific day.... 
Rousey's next fight is January 2nd so I guess I better reserve 30 seconds of my time on that day to watch it. 
"Please have you listened to Kendrick Lamar's ""Black Friday""? A track he dropped on that black friday? . . Do you... 
"Check out tomorrow's CA. I picked the brains of 4 of the city's top arms--Brady Bramlett, Victor Cole, David Owen and John Marc Shelly." 
I'll move the cigarette companies and Monsanto to a special place near the sun. #WhyIWouldMakeAGreatPresident 
@user in case Rahul Gandhi is trapped in a natural calamity will the sycophants shower petals on him / offer prayer to Gods /rescue 1st? 
Sept 9 at Arrow royal exchange, joint event with IBM on Big Data and Analytics. Full details link to register below.  
John cena seemed to have landed on the very top of his back and maybe have escaped permanent injury.  
"For anyone in Korea interested, MLG Dallas will probably start on the morning of 11/3. I know what I'm doing Saturday." 
Remembrance Sunday - Took part in the Remembrance Service at the Parish Church of All Saints' in North Hykeham. 
@user bizarre... Kane breaks a leg in training with England tomorrow, then what?" 
"Curiosity may have killed the cat, but Chuck Norris killed everything else." 
Will the new series of Celebrity Big Brother run for FIVE weeks? #CBB 
For the French fan of @user The tvmovie : Drew Peterson : untouchable Will be broadcasted Thusday 16 October at 2:55 PM on #TF1 ! 
Loki literally just sat in his cell fantasising abt being king and stealing Thor's clothes 
I met a kid like that a day ago and hearing his opinion on gay marriage made me cringe also the fact that he lost his v card in 6th grade 
Randy Orton will face off with Sheamus at #WWEBattleground on Sunday.      
Selling 2 Jason Aldean &amp; Kenny Chesney tickets for this Friday at Gillette Stadium $79 each! Direct message me if you are interested! 
@user you too. we need you on sunday to knock the purple out of the Ravens. 
Halifa Ayan Yusuf is 21 Years Old, she was born in Hargeisa in Somalia n she is ready for the finals at the Mlimani City Hall on December 7 
If your kids feel nervous about Sandy, these Hurricane tips from Kermit, Big Bird and Al Roker may help to calm them  
#Unbreakable will mark the 1st time Janet Jackson has opened up about her brother Michael Jackson 
@user Me again! The Nokia model 735 does not appear on the list to register. Every other number under the sun! 
The announcement ... was made on social media platform Google+ in April, with the news quickly spreading to other channels today. 
Iranian FM Ali-Akbar Salehi said Sunday, that Iran is ready for the worst case scenario   - Breaking News Buzz 
Blog pick for Doncaster. Night in Milan and Generous Ransom the picks in a competitive race 
In Serie A tomorrow, Roma vs Juventus is the stand out game. Here's our betting tips! - 
We'll see if it's any good: BBC's New Top Gear With Chris Evans Debuts May 8  
Probably the greatest threat to the British public since Tony Blair 
That guy from Sunday night was actually the double of Sam Smith 
@user of course, you can always use the fact that today, Thursday, Thor's day, celebrates another religion, thus apostasy." 
"Have 4 tickets available for Justin Bieber at London o2 on the 11th of October Block B3, Row K, Seat 49-52 #JustinBiebertickets" 
Sat in the dark listening to Randy Orton's theme tune is exactly how I want to be spending my Saturday night 
Zayn's family have their last day in LA. They will be leaving tomorrow. 
Rob @user Monday Night with @user Remembers Frank Gifford. Tune in at 
"Liam and Woody on set of #ByWayofHelena at Florewood State Park in Greenwood, the october 14th. 
Italy: Former PM Silvio Berlusconi was indicted Tuesday with new criminal charges   - Breaking News Buzz 
"Y'all, she may have made a pop album, but Nicki can kill almost anyone in this industry right now. Gun to the head of everybody." 
"Controversial as it may be, Undertaker got his victory over Brock Lesnar. Interested to see what comes of this. #BrockvsTaker #SummerSlam" 
RIP Frank Gifford.  I remember him most for broadcasting on Monday Night Football with Meredith and Cosell.  He... 
"Some may find this childish, but I revel in it." - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
The finale of Made in Chelsea is next Monday and I haven't seen any of it. Result 
Omg. Random Bel Ami tv spot - Canada - It’ll be premiering on the movie network  November 23rd :) 
Good Saturday morning all....  Bee Gees with Can't Keep A Good Man Down 
ANGELA MERKEL may be the most powerful politician in Europe, but she has rarely shown much inclination for bold... 
David Beckham: David Beckham: My Side: My Side - The Autobiography: He may live in Madrid but he continues to make fr 
Was last night in Tottenham part of Spurs plan to get more money from the mayors office for the new stadium?? 
Jokes aside, seeing a bunch of awful alternatives is a good way to get sold on the new Google logo. 
"""The Man who won the Sugar Bowl may have just won the Backyard Brawl"" #GOBLUE #BEATSTATE #HAILTOTHEVICTORS #PUREMICHIGAN" 
"The date for the 2013 St. Patrick's Day Parade has been announced! The annual event will take place on Saturday, March 9th!" 
frank ocean may have completely hoed us but at least the weeknd is making up for it 
@user @user The Dems may have the votes to sustain a filibuster. But Wyden and Blumenthal capitulated to Obama. 
@user all the hoopla around the others and I'm sitting here, and my Kris Bryant man crush is 7th grade esque." 
On the net looking to buy a house in Rosedale by April at least 4bdrms n 2full baths 
I just signed up for a FLASH MOB AMERICA flash mob in Long Beach Dec 1! Who’s coming w/ me? via @user 
"Nice to see the neighbours rocking a bit of Dark Souls, seriously though if you invade my game I will cut you. 
"RESULT: Andy Murray def Thomaz Bellucci 6-3, 6-2, 7-5. Murray advances into the 4th Round to play Kevin Anderson #USOpen" 
"Luke Bryan Friday night ticket, Jason Aldean ticket, and Darius Rucker ticket for sale! Let me know if you want them!" 
It's still Eid. 3rd day of EID. 
Everybody worried about Kanye west running for president in 5 years but I still don't know what I'm eating for breakfast tomorrow 
Youth Soccer tonight at Double Play Wednesday night. Kinder kickers for ages 3-6 is from 5-5:45pm....Ages 7-10... 
"If it weren't for Christians, the Aztecs would never have stopped killing babies (like Planned Parenthood does.) 
"Scott Walker may want a wall on the Canadian border. ""We must guard against civility and common sense entering America"" @user 
Did y’all hear what Tony Romo dressed up as for Halloween? A Giants quaterback! Cause that’s all he could throw to sunday night. 
@user NEW Harry, Louis, Niall, and Liam backstage with fans at #OTRADetroit (AUG 29, 2015). #70 
Straight Outta Compton comes out Friday -- but Ice Cube plays the critic this time around for athlete rappers.... 
@user out here in the sticks. Next town over. Milan. I'm going tomorrow @user for another cornhole turny. 
Erdogan's election gambit - provoking conflict with #PKK - may backfire. #Turkey  
Brock Lesnar wins on Sunday with a low blow into an F5...right? 
"Overall, 22 batsmen has scored 1000-plus runs in 4th innings in Tests, Rahul Dravid is the only manof those 22 who never out for zero (0)." 
Downton Abbey tops TV poll | Showbiz | - Home of the Daily and Sunday Express 
@user U2 at the Brendan Byrne in Spring of 85. I apparently joined @user for the 2nd leg at the Coliseum in the Fall. 
... But don't worry, I'll just take a nice 3 hour nap in the Nike lounge at the RPAC tomorrow cause that's basically all I do at school 
I'm having this problem wherein I watched Saturday Night Fever yesterday and now I can't stop listening to the Bee Gees. 
Apple A1136 80GB 5th Generation iPod with Video (iPod Only Black 5th Gen. READ!) 
"The fact that I have two exams on Sunday, and two exams on Monday, and i'm watching twilight for the twentieth time on MBC 2" 
@user @user Thursday probably listens to Iron Maiden and smokes cigars because he's super hardcore 
"Inside the Milky Way: Santa Barbara CA (SPX) Oct 17, 2014 Is matter falling into the massi... 
"In REALITY, International TALK like a DALEK DAY is DECEMBER 21st, the ANNIVERSARY of the DALEKS' FIRST APPEARANCE! @user 
Am I the only one that wants it to flood in HF tomorrow? 
@user yes sir, going to Georgia tomorrow for Marisa’s marathon 
"If you're not at Tabletop in #OhioCity for Sunday Fun-Day, you may as well be getting punched in the face by John Cena." 
"Today in the Lounge: Comedy Central has the real Billy T, and Antonia! is coming for Bon Temps' vamps. 
"Danee's fanbase told to me if her bday on Dec 99, but still dunno the day" 
There is a lot to know about our new Moto G (3rd Generation) .Click here : to find more... 
The Bill Michaels Huddle is on the air now Call the show at 855-830-8648 to chime in about the Packers matchup against Arizona on Sunday. 
On a Wed at 10am the Queen always calls David Cameron and pretends to be Frank Bruno. Cameron falls for it every time #QueenFacts 
"Never underestimate the number of white, affluent Christians at Babe's on a Sunday afternoon" 
iguess its just be n netflix tonight! =) 
This saturday it’s time for some classics in Cherry Moon. Remember tracks like G-Mode, Sacred Grounds,... ? Me... 
paul-and5homos: Harry and Louis are just fri- Eleanor is such an inspira- Harry is such a manwho- Louis is... 
could make his Spireites debut against @user at the Proact Stadium in the FA Cup first round on Saturday. 
"At times during the first GOP debate on Thursday night, it was hard to tell who was talking: Pope Francis or...John Kasich. #lol #GOP" 
Duels official... This Saturday... At out of the bedroom be there! 
"Did you know, John Lennon &amp; Paul McCartney wrote Celia's 1st single  #fadingchildhood #tarahCilla #ThisTimeIsGoodbye 
@user let's not toss the term around. IS, IRA, organised bastards with an ongoing agenda. Which may be the case here but we don't know" 
@user tmz reporting live how do you feel about kris Jenner attending the hs homecoming game tomorrow 
Everything's coming up Mets: David Wright to return Monday: The New York Mets' improbable run of fortune just ... 
Ice Cube's Friday ona Friday just slaps too hard . 
Ship by region provision may augment Amazon Prime's two day shipping deal: 
"According to Briana's tumblr, that her mum confirmed was hers, she has admitted the pics on her IG aren't her, and the due date is Feb. 03" 
RT @user RT if Michael Jackson is the first thing you think of when you wake up & the last thing you think about at night 
Really hope the Red Sox play better than this on Saturday when I'm at the game 
Who’s all going to the @user show tomorrow at Rex theatre? 
@user @user H may try. Liam would be confused; Louis would just take the piss, and Niall would probably laugh tbh" 
@user @user @user @user it Gucci but I would personally prefer sunday 
Pride parade is on the 20th next month..let's hope I don't end up in the hospital again :-) 
Signing Day this Friday for FDAHS. hate the school but I love my senior class, we be on. 
"When my professor passes out candy and says """"a very small amount of that may be from Valentines day, just so you know""""" 
"Emile Garuba joins Michaela and Jerrilyn in-studio on the #EntertainmentShow to review Kunle Afolayan's latest film, October 1." 
When you realize that Blackbear's and Ed Sheeran's concerts are both on the same day...and they're on a Wednesday 
Ben Sollee LIVE @ WFPK: How To See the Sun Rise (re-mastered in HD) 
Make Sure To Come To The Bob Jones Game Friday! Free Hot Dogs, Hamburgers & Food outside the gate! & watch Bob Jones take on Austin High! 
"In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker (R) may not have $250 million for education ... ... but he does have $250 million... 
@user Real Madrid and Man U have different rules im sure he will be a madrid player tomorrow 
@user will do! Nope Tuesday or Wed. Going to BR Saturday. NOLA sun - tues. going to the Saints game on Monday night!!!!!! :) 
Michael Dyer traffic stop under probe / so thw school may have jump the gun 
"The Giants and Red Sox may have 3 recent world series championships, but they haven't been consistently good like the Cardinals." 
__NotBB: So my job gave us Labor Day off, but now they are tryin to make us work Saturday 
I hope Jon Stewart cuts a heel promo tomorrow night calling John Cena the Arby's of wrestling. 
I like to avoid my Monday's like Miley avoided Nicki at the VMAs 
Buy your ticket to see Ben Sollee at the Lexington Opera House Dec 19 
FasTracKids Back to School Reading Club - You may have started getting your child back into the routine of an... 
CME will reopen index futures & options today at 5:00 PM CT and close tomorrow morning at 8:15 AM CT for both the trading floor & Globex 
In case you're still calling Caitlyn Jenner a hero. 
It's hard to see Zayn up there bc he look like the sun #zayngetofftheroof 
British Invasion: Hollywood Summer Nights goes UK with THE LADYKILLERS on Aug 23 
Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose are going to put down The Wyatts this sunday at Summerslam. #WWE #RAW 
David Wright is back as the #Mets try to build on their NL East lead on Monday night. Here's what I'm looking for: 
@user @user @user kerry the Judgement of G-D upon yr black conscience is going to be no myth may it be swift. Selah 
Labor Day may be past, but we still have plenty of grilling weather ahead.  One of the many joys of living in... 
"De gea can still join Real Madrid this January with far less money,United is screwed over if those doesn't get sorted out" 
@user maybe replacing people/ concepts we don't like in real life with heroic figures?We may not agree with Batman but he gets results 
Class early in the mornjng =\ it’s bedtime! But do get to see my Sam tomorrow :) 
May or may not be obsessed with Ice Cube after watching Straight Outta Compton.... 
Was taking so long to find a cat in the Minecraft jungle that I may have set it on fire a little in anger. 
Although i’m not a big fan of SS, all my respects to Mitch Lucker. May you rest in peace. 
@user I apologize for the inconvenience. I'm with Ira, may I know if you're still unable to use your Spotif... 
@user this is very true. Although they've taken the Wednesday repeats off for Big Brother :-/ 
"Michaela at 8:23 pm on a Friday, """"Can we just watch a movie with Paul Rudd in it.""""" 
"Given that Watchman repeats passages whole, it seems Lee didn't want to publish a 2nd book so much as she wanted to correct Mockingbird." 
Lady Gaga going to the Jewelry Store in New York City. (24 December) 
I miss Sunday brunch with @user and david beckham in Kensington and I also miss max! #LivedInKensington #hackerystreet 
3rd down, Preds kept us out of the end zone.  Going for the Field goal 
@user Ay What Did you think of the Black Friday Tracks From Cole and Kendrick? 
Just watched some of the video i took from the Public Enemy's 25th Anniversay Australian Tour last night at the... 
"This ""Heat fan"" asked me "" did y’all know Ray Allen plays for The Heat. I was watching the game Tuesday and I was like what? -.-" 
I was just publicly embarrassed by @user he lowered my Gucci points by like 2 this friendship may be over 
Going home to try and maybe study for the SATs tomorrow 
#Chargers are on the board with a Philip Rivers 4 yd TD pass to Eddie Royal. They lead the #Chiefs 7-0 early in the 1st quarter. #NFLFantasy 
"Frank Ocean released his album ""Lonny Breaux, Pt. 2"" on July 30th under the pseudonym Lonny Breaux. 
I have a chemistry midterm tomorrow so naturally I just watched four episodes of Gilmore Girls 
There's a bit of PJ Harvey going on today. 
I'm tired, I kinda want to like go to bed now but I can't because I'm busy designing things for my cousin's Minecraft party tomorrow, kms. 
Red Sox games really are all about the 7th inning stretch 
Chunji's one wish was for Teen Top to get 1st place on a music program. Can you guess what day that was when they 1st won? #1005chunjiday 
Tomorrow Venus will transit across the sun.  It won’t happen again for a century.  Programme about it on BBC2 at 9 tonight.   #spacefact 
@user @user @user it’s a city in California and we march the Rose Parade on new years and the Disney Land Parade 
Wait really though does anyone want to go to Dallas on Saturday to see Ed Sheeran? 
"And yet, I have yet to see the whole series of Naruto episodes... *FacePalm* This may take a while... 
Dance Weekend and Yoga Retreat 4 - 6 September 2015! Master class yoga with Niko Manoli and Niki Petroulaki in the... 
Anyone going for All Saints Day mass tomorrow at HF ? 
Lady Cougars soccer up 2-0 vs Milan on goals by @user and @user 30 minutes left in the 1st half 
"The Sun has been trying to push this whole ""End of 1D"" mantra since Zayn left so they can get credit for being the first to say it" 
Looks like we'll be seeing Tom Brady next Thursday at home against the Steelers  
Alexis Tsipras to Angela Merkel - early Monday morning - takes his jacket off and giving it to Merkel, saying: "Do you want this too?" 
"Murray now down a set a 2 breaks in the 2nd set: Anderson up 6-4, 5-1 #USOpen2015" 
"Jimmy Cliff - 06 - Under the Sun, Moon and Stars.mp3 MP3 Download. Music Database, Songs, Video, File #music #song" 
"Spoke to Phil Jagielka earlier. He discussed the """"long ball"""" issue very sensibly. Interview will be in tomorrow’s ECHO. #EFC" 
#Google #Hot #News Eva Longoria to appear with Obama Thursday #TeamFollowBack YANews 
"So @user is it true that Kris Bryant will win NL ROY as long as he is still breathing in October? Does he even need to swing the bat again?" 
@user @user I get u, but for me, the emotion/anger in Kendrick makes him much more like Tupac. Blacker the berry, Black Friday, U, etc." 
Want to gan see Ferry Corsten at digi on Friday... Can’t be bad if your ranked 15th in the world, above Angello, Hardwell & Calvin Harris. 
Open Lobby all day tomorrow! @user @user @user @user 
Paul McCartney is coming to Columbus on October 13th. Ticketcrush has your tickets! Click the link to buy your... 
"Our makeup game vs the @user has been rained out for the 4th time, due to Sharknado like event in the area. We'll try again tomorrow" 
Flower closeups: flower: kon! has added a photo to the pool:   Donation For Japan Earthquake 11th March2011www1.... 
@user it's from a rally after the Charlie Hebdo shooting in January. Not technically ""fake"" but not from tonight." 
It's October 11th. It's like October 3rd but with Oreos and peanut butter instead of Aaron Samuels. 
Katy Perry had a song with these lyrics but it was about a white girl. Smfh.  
"Cruz to kill Iran nuclear deal, move embassy to Jerusalem on 1st day as president @user @user @user 
Championship Thurs @ Blue Raider Hoop camp today!!! Closing ceremonies @ 3:45 in Murphy Center!!! Autographs with all players! 
Prince George at two: His top 10 moments: Prince George is two on Wednesday. Here are the top 10 mom... #news #NI 
Everyone will play tomorrow at Millstone against West. Wear either of your new Nike polos from this season with black shorts/skorts. 
Arsenal's Per Mertesacker: 'I don't see myself coaching because the ... 
getting the song done tomorrow hit a pain thing again and weights and cardio too, feeling lonely like chris brown but in time, not in prime 
Who's going to Tampa on the 10th to see Ed Sheeran?  #music #EdSheeran 
"Well, now that I think of it I'm gonna sleep and watch it on youtube tomorrow or something, Zayn's not worth my extreme  fatigue anymore" 
Chelsea star on his way out, bid lined up for January target: There seems to be yet another update on the... #CFC 
Kris Bryant's 20th homer of the season gives him 75 RBI and his second walkoff of the season. #Cubs #LetsGo #wearegood 
@user Good evening Merlin. How are you? 
Curtis will see you Saturday #playoffs 
Testing Motorola's Moto G 3rd-gen mobe: Is it still king of the hill? Jockeying for position in the mid-range market 
This is me guys! This was from last Friday on Eid! If you see me at the concert say Hi!  (Deleting this soon) 
@user @user Leave my """"vanilla fudge"""" alone amigo. She misses her """"chocolate"""". Lol, meant to call you Friday, but will do soon." 
@user What's ur take on job Stoops is doing @ UK? 2-10 to 5-1, a missed call away from 6-0 and sole possession of 1st in the East" 
50 bucks to see Dethklok, Machine Head, All That Remains, and The Black Dahlia Murder. I may just have to go see this show with or witho ... 
"Torre Calls for More Respect as Player Feuds Cross Line: On Saturday morning, Torre's iPad chimed with news of a... 
Janet Jackson Pays Tribute To Aaliyah On the 14th Anniversary Of Her Death [Photo] - #ICYMI 
Chuck Norris was born My 6th 1945...the Nazi's Surrendered May 7 1945....Coincidence? I don't think so! #chucknorris #whoisrobharris 
@user They will replay the hell out of Sharknado 3. It'll be on all the time. We can always do it late tonight or probably Thurs. 
White Sox add a run in the 8th &amp; now lead the M's 3-1. #AZLPlayoffs 
"hi im Clarissa &amp; im captain of the cheerleading squad, I also like Katy Perry &amp; dancing. stay gnarly!!-8th grade me 
closing the Halloween party Friday night @ Rum Runners. 
Niall stuffed with lots of happiness wrapped in a canadian flag with a side of fake hair dye  
Gucci multitude anima humana privity december lay bare the twin thy peculiar near unessential in order to expe... 
@user Yoo, I got no school tomorrow, so after work I can get on PSN if you’ll be on. 
Nas replaces Snoop Dogg at the #NYSFair Wednesday night. Do you like the new act better? 
@user do u know if the moto360 2nd gen will work with iOS devices?? 
Wish Curtis could miss a day of work tomorrow. But he can't miss anymore days. I just need him to step in so I can sleep 
I'm so ready to annoy everyone at school tomorrow about Niall fracturing his foot 
"Photo: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave hospital with their newborn son, Prince George || July 23rd... 
Louis was still in LA until February 5th and he went clubbing during those days where he met Briana and Ashley. 
"It's Friday, Friday! Gotta drink tea on Friday! (did you sing it like you were Rebecca Black?!)" 
"Wilt Chamberlain claims to have slept with more than 20,000 women in his lifetime. Chuck Norris calls this ""a slow Tuesday.""" 
"The video was shot during the Floyd Mayweather vs. Andre Berto press conference yesterday, the 6th." 
"New music on iTunes: Adele's 25, holiday album deals, and pre-order David Bowie's Blackstar: Every Friday, the... 
Durham woman hopes to qualify for the Iditarod | 
Plea to probe 'foreign funding' of Team Anna: The bench had directed the Centre on May 30 to treat Sharma's plea to the court for pro... 
The band has just been announced as part of the line up for the Rock am Ring (June 7th) and Rock im Park (June 8th) festivals! 
"Testimony from Harvey Skinner, working with REFUGEES IN MILAN, ITALY: On Saturday 12/12 we went to a camp in the... 
@user @user what at par... You just miss me,admit it! :&gt; :)) But yeah Danee, may umaasenso :p" 
@user wouldn't be the 1st one dimensional player to ever make top 10. Murray needs to watch out here #breakers 
@user if you mix Jericho, Dbz, Fairy tales, and Ghost Rider in a 3rd person pov with magic that was mine last night 
PROUD ppts on the deferred #PrEP arm may be able to start taking Truvada for the prevention of HIV within 4-8 weeks 
@user Fools! Serena threw the 2nd set. So obvious. So disappointing. 
@user So that's a yes and a maybe for this reference. I'm not sure if anyone got the Seinfeld reference Wednesday. 
Poland criticize the 18th amendment. The new frame has been opened. None of the topic was on that earlier. #UPRLKA 
"lonely star, life of the party, the birds pt. 1 &amp; 2, rolling stone, valerie   
@user France passed a law authorising intrusive surveillance in the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attack: 
@user For some reason Amazon app store had the update on the 5th or for some reason my mcpe updated to 0.12.1 back on the 5th!!!!!! 
Eden Hazard has claimed the reason Chelsea may be finding life difficult in the Premier League this season is... 
"""I HAVE A DREAM"" poster promoting an April 4, 1968 appearance by Dr. Martin Luther King at the South 
"Basically my Sunday-Monday transition   ""@en_jajaja: Nicki: thank you to my pastor Nicki: SO BITCH YOU WAS TALKIN MAD SHIT WHAT UP W THAT""" 
im going to metlife tomorrow for a preseason giants game rip me 
"momma goes to bama tomorrow , but  i am going over to Mackenzie 's house later <3  #momyoubettagetmethatshirt (;" 
@user The Pope may get applause, but it is actually another e.g. of the church being pulled along by modernity. Still a long way to go. 
Watching Sharknado is the only call with #Sharknado3 coming tomorrow 
You already know Brock Lesnar will Beat/Win the Undertaker this sunday at Summer Slam looool mark my words 
did the album leak???? sophiam are they done???? who even is briana ???? the boys had their last show before the break on saturday ????? 
Politico reports 3 top Jeb Bush fundraisers left his presidential campaign Friday, amid questions about the strength of his candidacy. Wow! 
Snoop Dogg canceled the fair. Not even gonna front like that prolly saved a life. Considering someone was stabbed on Saturday #Syracuse 
Former #stlblues Jacques Plante Wears mask for first time in game Nov 1 1959 Montreal Canadiens vs NY Rangers after he was struck in face 
I may or may not have purchased the Kim Kardashian emojis.... #idid 
It is Nit a joke... Be there... Promo video filming tomorrow at disclosed location ... Double Tap if u want 
"NFL disses Tom Brady on social media?: On Sunday night, the NFL's official Twitter account posted a photo abou... 
Cosmo, Sims 3, Paul Rudd and klonopin induced naps all day I’ll get a job tomorrow or Friday Buy Klonopin Online> 
Endymion is responsible for the 6th Q-BASE update. Here’s the preview of their Thunderdome anthem. Watch, listen... 
"Sharknado, ftw! C'mon, how could this not be the first thing listed? #Sharkmovies @user 
@user just throwing it out there, Huntsman was the only candidate, including 3rd parties, who had all 3 on his platform. 
Lake James was dope on Sunday even with Justin 
I want to go see Final Destination 5 on Friday. 
@user @user I've not actually tried the McLaren, but I came 5th in the Toro Rosso, would have been 4th without a mistake." 
Had a dream about a Chardon football last night. Makes me wanna go to the game tomorrow 
@user Author may just be answering sarcastically &amp; implying that Mikasa doesn't like the other femmes. So he just answered Armin. Maybe 
My Pain may be the reason for sumbodies laugh.But my laugh must never be the reason for sumbodies pain 
Brock Lesnar going for a 2nd F-5 but no! Undertaker at two! 
Fun fact you may not have heard amid recent consternation over Israel's NGO bill: it hasn't even reached parliament 
So Magic Mike XXL is out of theaters as of last Friday in the Bahamas. A whopping three weeks to the day of release. 
Thinking about going to Valley State or Ole Miss homecoming on Saturday 
#nowplaying U2 - Bullet the Blue Sky - New York - July 31 2015 - #U2Radio #U2LiveConcerts 
"I prefer to juan and murillo for CB  ""@Saif_Nerazzurro: I'm actually worried about the #MilanDerby this Sunday Milan are" 
Saltalamacchia is the 4th Red Sox catcher to hit at least 16 HR in back-to-back seasons, joining Carlton Fisk, Rich Gedman and Jason Varitek 
Kris Bryant left Sunday's game early with dizzyness after bumping his head into an opponent on a h... - via @user App 
@user Absolutely both gigs, the Su Casa Beach Tent is on from 12 noon-7 on Saturday if you come to that you’ll see Rose Parade! 
@user @user  do you guys think if Barca reaches January as leaders they can win the League and whether team can achieve that 
"Editorial: Tom Brady, winning ugly: Tom Brady. On Thursday, a federal judge spiked the NFL's four... #Deflategate" 
Danny White to be announced as UCF AD on Thursday. Not to be confused with Dana White. Another ND alum like Orsini. 
Nokia n97 microcosm - bear down upon the whole direct over and above utterly comprehensive march: OUYtuJ 
Who's going to Friday Night Lights? 
"In case you missed it on #RAW this past Monday, , you can watch the #UnderTaker and Brock Lesnar destroy each other #SmackDown." 
@user Hi I work for @user video desk, may we please use this video on our website for a story about Prince George's bday?" 
"Charlie Rose with Desmond Tutu; Bill Joy (October 5, 1999): The Archbishop of Cape Town, South Africa and Nobel ... 
Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux high end shopping; time to decorate the crib: Tuesday, E! Online shared the vid... 
FBOMB #111! December 26th! Arlene's Grocery! The Bombardiers tackle the works of David Bowie plus Natural Born... 
Price stifles Halos as Blue Jays gain in races: David Price shut down the Angels for eight innings on Friday n... 
On November 11 Sprint will start selling the Galaxy Tab 2 with LTE with a price tag of $549.99 
BREAKING: Real Madrid state proof of the documents being sent at 23:59. UEFA to decide tomorrow. (@tancredipalmeri ) #DeadlineDay #MUFC 
@user haha i havent worn shalwar kameez for about 10 years. You went Bolton darul uloom? MashaAllah. May I ask.... Hifz? Aalim class? 
@user @user @user Like Juventus is big. But really thought one of the big 3 may have made a play with a loan 
@user I miss my kitty.. he used to chase the sun reflection of my ipod on the wall.. 
@user when will we have more Moto G 3rd Gen 16g in the USA? 
Are you a Hillary supporter in Cincinnati or Columbus? Are you free Sept 10 to wave Hillary signs? I am not... 
@user did Manchester United just ""Drake"" Real Madrid. #MeekMadrid  
@user Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh says Mikel Obi refused to pick his call in London: Chelsea midfielder Mikel. Is it a toboo? 
#News: Today in 1991 (August 24th) - Nirvana play at the...: Today in 1991 (August 24th) - Nirvana... #KeepGrunge 
Is it Friday yet?  The Capital Home and Garden Show starts this Friday!  Come see us at Booth #535 
i wish you was at MetLife:( 
Junichi Tazawa recorded his third save with a scoreless ninth Wednesday against the White Sox. #RedSox 
eff Dunkin at 4 tomorrow eff dunkin all the time actually 
The view from the 24th floor @ MGM Grand at Foxwoods 
"David Wright homers in 1st at-bat, says he's ready for pennant race - via @user App 
"The 'Spectre' theme song will be released tomorrow, and we finally know who's singing it: Sam Smith!  
My mommy daughter date to Carrie Underwood! Shelli went too with her friend! My 5th time s @ Maverik Center 
"So @user erases Hulk Hogan from their site, but Jimmy Snuka is charged with 3rd-degree murder and his profile remains? 
Shawn face explains the 2nd picture 
@user Not sure what you mean. Continuity doesn't require a separate 3rd device (Watch) for two (other) iOS devices to pair and share. 
Preview For The Upcoming John Cena Book: WWE is set to release a new book about John Cena on March ... 
Naruto smirks as the Fox quickly throws him towards @user   Naruto may be dumb but he remembered the seal placed upon him by his- 
"Whether or not you agree with Iran's FM, it's a good piece of writing. Love ""petro-fuelled perversion of Islam"". 
"John Kasich: 'If I were king in America, I would abolish all teachers' lounges' &amp; the 1st Amendment via @user 
Tim Tebow steps out with girlfriend Camilla Belle in Florida (sun-sentinel): Share With Friends:  |  | Top News ... 
@user 1st its like Imma play Headlock, and then Safe and Sound, and now you gonna play All Star. hmmmm 
More hugs till he faces Rousey...then he gets KO'd or choked out 
"Aug 26, 1988: Hero and the Terror starring Chuck Norris and the late Steve James was released. #TodayInActionHistory 
"Director's Cut Blog | ""Ellen"" Kicks Off 13th Season with Caitlyn Jenner on Channel 3. DETAILS: 
Why do I have to go to class tomorrow, isn't college just watching Game of Thrones?? 
"Masked Warriors Live is coming to the Alamo city on Friday, May 11. Check out our feature in MySA!... 
the fact that i still havent decided if im going to wvu tonight or tomorrow night hmmmm 
@user that'll be the last time Chris brown dances to march madness 
David de gea didn't sign for Real Madrid. The way things have gone he'll be at West Brom in January #wba #DeadlineDay #YouHeardItHereFirst 
May no woman hook me the way Karrueche has hooked Chris Brown in Jesus name. 
"Shawn: ""You'll never be alone When you miss me close your eyes I may be far but never gone"" Me: @user 
"Biologi mulai mengalami kematangan tgl 24 Nov 1859 saat Charles Darwin mnerbtkn buku """"on the origin of species by means natural selection""""" 
Prince George turns two tomorrow! See who made the royal party guest list 
Creighton VB wins, 15-8 in the 5th set. Jays now 9-1 (1-0 in MVC) and have HUGE match vs. Wichita State at 6 pm tomorrow. 
"Unscripted theater on FS2 and people are watching Sharknado. (Well, some of it may be scripted)" 
"as I never have tweeted a line from the new paul mccartney song I dreamed of a while ago, here is a line ""you may be sitting on a bus""" 
"Government acted humanely in Yakub's hanging, ensured peace: RSS: New Delhi: The RSS on Saturday said the hang... 
@user so if Martin gets 15 in the first three quarters and none in the 4th when Harden usually takes over he had the same impact? 
RT @user Vampire Diaries Season 3 Scoop: Vicki Is at Odds with Anna - Today's News: Our Take | TVGuide.com - 
Jazz just played Mavs without Dirk, tomorrow Hornets without Gordon, could get Spurs without Manu 
That was the best time for Kpop but where is Neverland?! 
@user imma know alot about it next Saturday, imma be at Morgan State but imma slide down to D.C. for a hot second 
David Bowie and Tilda Swinton Are the Same Person via @user 
Premier League Team of the Week: Van Persie makes cut for 10th time this season as Szczesny, Ashley Yo... #football 
Gay emojis just like what cam uses  
Birmingham’s Zulu’s took 800 lads to Leeds today. Celebrating 30th Anniversary of the Zulu’s. Bet that was an eventful day then..... 
Prolly go too the VCU game Next Friday. 
#News PlayStation Network maintenance on October 15: Services going offline, possibly to make way for the new PS... 
On August 29th 2014 Nintendo announced the New 3DS and 3DS XL. A year later the US is finally getting the smaller model. 
"Dustin Johnson joins the leaders at -5 with a birdie on 1 (10th hole). In other news, Tiger Woods made the turn at +1 #PGAChamp" 
Q2 3:08. Trent Richardson rushed right to the San Diego 40 for 11 yards. 1st & 10. 
Christian deserve the same 1st Amendment rights that Islam and atheists get.  We live our faith as they live their beliefs. No compulsion. 
Martha to Jeb Bush: Do You Stand By the 'Act of Love' Statement? 
@user Inter may have a chance this season with Juventus sucking the big one so far! 
Anonymous asked: May I know the format of unboxing video? and is it for album only? Can I do it for... 
Tom Brady Speaks for the 1st Time Since Suspension Overturned... #tombrady 
@user It may look extremely dodgy but I assure you it isn't. It's a John Cena dating sim-. Just in case. 
@user The Inside Story of David Bowie's Stunning New Album, 'Blackstar': One Sunday night in the spri... 
2 MN college bound teens will be at the White House today with 1st Lady Michelle Obama. How they scored this life changing invite at 6 @user 
"And my toughest final is tomorrow, it's cumulative, and I've been watching Amy Schumer and the office all night instead of studying" 
@user hell yea bro the crew gnna meet up in Athens on the 17th 
Its Thursdayyyyy so it’s ladies night @user come out and get your thirsty Thursday on with the Bomb Squad!!!! 
"Define religious liberty. Do you mean just Christians, or liberty for all religions, like in the Constitution. 
"Jonathan Kozol is the leading author on educational advocacy and social equality. He will be on campus Wednesday,... 
@user I study SAT prep material so I can understand the big words they use in Naruto 
Hybrid icing will be used in the American Hockey League until November 19, ’12. The BOG will then decide if it needs to continue. #OKCBarons 
Berkmar vs. Central on the 21st! Even though I go to Central, I’ll still sit on Berkmar’s side. 
"Ed Sheeran, Tinie Tempah and Rixton wow audiences at the Fusion Festival on Friday - Bi... 
Song JoongKi, Park Bo Young at the premiere The Grand Heist / Gone With The Wind on the 25th. 
"Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh has come out with an explanation of his shock decision to leave... 
"Ben Howland gives much credit to Phil Matthews, the one-time Ventura College coach, for UCLA landing prized recruit Shabazz Mohammed." 
"#Everton's Europa League clash away at Lille on Oct 23 is now sold out. All 5,274 allocated tickets have gone say the club." 
$SYT: Syngenta comments on Monsanto (MON) announcement, confirms revised proposal, which it rejected saying it... 
"RT Lo7us_: BurgerKing May i have permission to make a BurgerKing trickshotting team please?" - Donald Trump #TrumpIn2016 #Trump4Prez 
Anybody kno how much the basketball tickets are for the VUU vs. VCU game tomorrow? 
"I really don't want to believe the sun but i after Zayn's leaving and all the drama, I just can't help but think if it's true" 
@user @user Maybe KSRc needs a wrasslin’ recap then. @user once mentioned we may have things about The Bachelor 
Who's going to Nuit Blanche on Saturday (7pm-7am)?!? @user @user @user @user @user 
@user BTW I &amp; others have run into a fair number of cataloguing issues with the Apple Music update in iOS 8.4. This may be a symptom. 
Idk how im gone make it to Total Sports tomorrow for Selection Sunday 
National Hot Dog Day Today (Thursday)  What do you like on yours? 
Google's Android Wear for iOS confirmed incompatible with Apple's HealthKit: In announcing Android Wear for iOS on Monday, Google not... 
Should I go to the Flowing Wells and Marana game tomorrow? 
Who wants to go to rugby practice with me Saturday? 
"David Wright's E5 on throw pulls @user off 1st, tho he looked out. @user get 4 unearned runs, lead #Mets 4-1." 
If any Baltimore team mascots come up missing 1st person of interest should be Billy Cundiff! Or the Redskins mascot is taken blame him! 
Come to the Eagles Club tonight for Monday night football. 
Sheamus hits a Brogue Kick on Randy Orton when both Orton &amp; Kevin Owens were fighting on the floor during the match on Monday Night #RAW 
I've been trying to watch Game of Thrones but I'm only on the 4th episode of season 1 FML 
I am the only cab at 4th and Colorado.. Am I in the Twilight Zone? Better break my glasses to be sure! 
Another 4 hours of Science tomorrow before I'm at my grandma's for three days and KWVR for the HST and Standard 4 on Saturday! #WeekendPlans 
@user But yes I do know where that saying is from. Is it from a movie called Friday? Was it said by Ice Cube? 
@user @user @user Chameleon U may want to preach this to Muslims as they seem to ""misinterpret"" too 
Real Madrid have ripped the piss out Man Utd. They now get the keeper half price in January 
Wanna see Eva Longoria? Come canvass with us at 11 AM tomorrow! #WomenforObama 
I wasnt on today bc its my last day of summer &amp; I was with friends but I have school tomorrow which sucks BUT SHAWN IS SO CUTE THE VINES OMG 
MTV VMAs: Seven presidential moments in Kanye West's first stump speech: When Kanye West stood on stage Sunday night during the MTV V... 
@user See now U can tell the South about a Gin Mill. 1st on your block lol 
I don't gotta work till fucking wednesday and we get class off on monday it's Gucci 
does frank ocean still think it's july or sommin?? 
See Tika Sumpter as Michelle Obama in 'Southside with You' photo: Annie MartinLOS ANGELES, July 15 (UP... #TSCEnt 
YVR! I need to find a wagon to borrow for the pride parade on Sunday. Red flyer, folding camp wagon etc. Something to hold a cooler. Halp! 
We've got 2 tickets remaining for the Wales v Barbarians game tomorrow. Call 01792 616500 if you're interested in snapping up the final 2... 
"Here's one from Sunday night, at the Miss USA after party. The bottles frozen into the ice are a special version... 
Federer will have to serve into the sun here. 
@user our debut concert is nov.4th at the Harold Washington cultural center with avant & Syleena , come support 
@user I wish I had seen your picks earlier after the day I had!!! Murray won 3-0 so your 2nd pick didn't hit. GL 
@user how much r u paid 2 exclude Oxford don, khurshid as 1 of d IAC expose. hope today will be the 4th after vadra, khurshid, gadkari 
@user Hey, just to let you know, we have tickets for Florence &amp; Kendrick with no booking fees: 
If Hillary's server really is "wiped," it may be the 1st thing the woman has ever done right. #tcot #ReadyForHillary 
.@bwoyblunder @user Sunday column  Praveen Swami: Yakub was just a small time smuggler 
Bravely Second being the end of Feb also has a knock-on effect on March too. Will probably be too busy with it for Twilight Princess HD. 
@user #Pumped to meet you on the 21st vs the #nyj with Mike D. I'm a big fan of yours and of course the #pats. #isthisreallyreal 
@user Chinese? On top of the international holidays, we have Chinese New Year Eve,Chinese New Year (Day 1& 2),Chap Goh Mei (15th day) 
From tonight's CCTV 7pm news report it sounds like Erdogan may have gotten a bit of a lecture from Xi &amp; pals today 
"Let's review Milan's summer: got stadium deal, now balking at the site 150m to spend, spent 91m floated Mr Bee, he may as well be the chef" 
Kris Jenner may have only recently filed for divorce from Bruce Jenner but the head of the...  
FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE! We are going to a Maulers Game! Meet at MVC at 6:30, bring $5 + fastfood $ + funds to buy CaseyFace some chocolate pie... 
Someone has to buy me tickets to go see Justin bieber for my 25th. You just have to 
Yall act like Nicki really Finna mess up Taylor's moment ............for the 2nd time again. #VMAs 
Ed Sheeran may make lovely music but he looks like a 'sex-case' 
Yakub will be hanged tomorrow. The law has finally taken its own course of time and the time period. 23 years . 
So Welbeck has gone down the tunnel with a possible injury? Can we extend the international break till Dec 31st? Thanks... 
"Big Brother fans #BB17 Thursday's show will be preempt due to Football, not everywhere, if you can watch it live, I can and I'll show you" 
Everybody Needa Fw @user Nov 3rd. Doors open @ 8. Ppl w/Polo & Leggings $5 Before 9 @user on the Spins, Maino on the Mic! 
it was invented by james gosling at sun microsystems, which was acquired by Oracle the language is primarily based on C and C++ 
"July 31, 2012 $2280.00 was paid out for Jose G to have the Exhaust Manifold replaced in his 2005 Nissan Titan.... 
All I've done today is eat Blue Bell ice cream and get emo over my Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow. And honestly I'm okay with that. 
Still need to watch the Pilot for Terra Nova. Maybe tomorrow... 
Turkey's Erdogan takes gamble with new elections: FILE - In this Sunday, May 17, 2015 file photo, a Turk... #News 
DealBook: Clearwire Is Sought by Sprint for Spectrum: Sprint disclosed on Thursday that it had offered to buy a ... 
OMG!!! Ramin and Sierra performing Phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday ITV at 10.30pm!!!! :D 
1st down Curtis at the @user 30 yard line with 47 seconds to go. 28-22 grand st 
"#feedmemore ""@WRESTLEZONEcom: Chris Jericho explains why he thinks Ryback should beat CM Punk on Sunday: 
@user Sir, if ur n Chicago, c Sir Paul McCartney, July 31. Met him in NY other day. He'll be xcellent. M sure he'd confirm I'd get ratings" 
Andre’s Wigan Warning - #COYS Official Site Wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the Premier League,... 
Fully sat here debating if it's acceptable to download some Justin bieber or not 
I will be back to normal with Minecraft news/updates on Monday I don't do videos on weekends it's only if a video took long render &amp; upload 
OJ Simpson prepared to kill himself in Kim Kardashian's childhood bedroom in a new trailer released on Thursday for the upcoming American 
"I have 3 pavilion seats for the Jason Aldean concert this Friday, if anyone is interested please dm me" 
"#Yugadu Panthers vs. Packers: Breaking Down Carolina's Game Plan: On Sunday, the Panthers head to Green Bay to... 
@user Aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? Apply for the Marie Colvin scholarship 
@user Yeah, keeps my mind off of not having any Hedley dates to look forward to. Although my last day is December 11th at work." 
Miss Oklahoma won the Miss USA pageant on Sunday 
If you pine for a time when Jay-Z didn't suck, then listen to Czarface. Esoteric, 1/3rd of the group, is a dead ringer for his voice. 
Tryna get this math lab out the way! Half tonight then half tomorrow. 
Went to see the psychedelic Sun Ra Arkestra last night at the Barbican Centre. #trippin 
Watching last nights Red Sox v yankees game before the derby match this afternoon. 
[FACT]  Philippine ranked 1st place in the Top 5 countries with loudest scream of KPOP fan. 
@user oh hahaha faham-faham. agaklah, kalau compare dengan nexus? is it still worth it to go for Moto G 3rd gen? kau rasa?" 
Arsenal-Stoke Statistical Preview - Stoke have proven Arsenal's bogey side in recent years, but the team under Mar... 
Josh Hamilton just walked off the #Yankees. #BlueJays get 1 game closer to 1st tonight 
Anyone can ask Kyle how hard we r going tomorrow! We r gonna take a school blackout pic! 
I guess the hardcore MMA guys hope he leaves but Dana White will NOT let him go.  
Artemis go thro with a huge lead, ETNZ have a puff &amp; are extending  to go thro gate 2nd, we are 3rd, Oracle 4th @user  #BringTheCupHome 
@user ""No!"" Am I outa the loop somewhere? This is the 2nd time today I've heard Kane &amp; AZ in same breath." 
#UFO & #Aliens Black Triangle Sighting in Pompano Beach, Florida on October 28th 2012 - basically it blended wit... 
@user Check us out @user airs every Friday on the CW Network and covers Charleston, SC to Brunswick, GA" 
@user @user all Android wear is comparable with iOS now I believe. I may be wrong though 
@user and the 14th amendment as interpreted by the SCOTUS protects gay marriage. 
We compared 5th grade to Two-Face from Batman. There are both good and bad things about it. 
My uncle agreed to buying me Shawn merch at hot topic&amp;he wanted to see who he was 1st so he looked him up&amp;now he's making fun of him 
"Ronda Rousey looking to break several records at UFC 193 - With Rousey now facing Holly Holm in November, she has ... 
How do you think david wright who may never get another chance at the playoffs feels about his #1 turning it off 
@user it may have been sent through Google+ 
Going in at five tomorrow morning just for an hour earlier finish. Things I do for Leeds United... and my liver. 
Im going to try to watch Vampire Diaries i missed sun of it 
Caitlyn Jenner wears casual polo shirt and sun visor as she relaxes with a ... - Daily Mail 
Lol the first part is that tennis players last name that Niall and Liam are friends with idk the 2nd half #djokovicVbautistaagut 
LaVonte David backstage at Raw with John Cena. #Huskers  
@user Please may my band make a cover of Scream to perform for our school & maybe upload to YouTube with yours and Hedley's permission? 
Thoughts on Josh Gordon: You may remember when I posted a few hours ago about Josh Gordon's Pro Day... #NCAAF 
When you bumpin Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar and she turns the music down to ask if you got some drake. 
Friday could turn out to be a big day in the case of George Zimmerman, who is accused of murdering Trayvon Marti... 
@user @user @user may 9th, the Snoop Dogg thing (check the imgur link (:) 
Real Madrid captain Sergio Ramos speaks to the press about the botched transfer of David de Gea f 
@user ORACLE, May I ask you to check my Profile? Because There's a Limited Secret to 6000 Stars Kim Hollywood 
[Sportsnet: Sports Net] Ortiz posts club-record 9th 30 homer season with Red Sox #BlueJays #Jays 
Josh Hamilton doubles to start the 6th. Hard shot to the RF corner. 
October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at... 
"Israel. This voluntary offering a community would hold your coat, you to the ocean, enjoying the Church, may be more useful" 
@user @user I don't know enough to say for sure, but he may make us not miss saad (if Kane isn't in prison)" 
"This Friday, the Bootleg Bee Gees roadshow is off to the We Love 70s weekend at Butlins Skegness and then, on... 
Cycling Mission with Passion Team #Ride2Light Rahul Kumawat etal at Sangam University Bhilwara 15 Oct 2014 
To all Junior and Senior girls, Volleyball try-out is tomorrow at lunch in the South gym! Bring all you got! 
Now we finally get to correct the mistakes of jurassic Park  
Penn State tight end Kyle Carter 'day-to-day' with ankle injury: On Tuesday in the Big Ten coach... #Philly #sports 
@user Read your piece on the NBA’s online offerings; your give the NFL waaaaay too much credit. The live Sunday DirecTV Stan is brutal. 
"La Liga: Barca and Betis march on, Malaga held: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table after Salva Sevilla's... 
Finna hit the Grammys tomorrow then ima finna go thug it with @user live in my stomping grounds in the IE! #GrittyGrindN 
"I may not be able to buy you the world, but I can help you reach nirvana." 
"Will Smith, Amy Schumer and Carey Mulligan were among those honoured Sunday at the Hollywood Film Awards, with... 
I'm so bored in 2nd I just bought some stuff on Amazon 
"The Mumbai blasts convict Yakub Memon hanged.  Seculars may sign a petition to declare Yakub as a ""good terrorist"" as he died on his b'day." 
"Worth noting that Jays loss tonight could have been a David Price start but he was moved to Friday to face a ""better"" opponent?" 
"#Brewers Ryan Braun homers in 1st, #Brewers blanked rest of the way in 4-1 loss to #Cubs; 8th L in last 10 games #CHCvsMIL" 
"#BlueJays WIN 9-2! Oh, and David Price &amp; Josh Donaldson are both Blue Jays.  Also.. we are now 0.5 GB of the Yankees for 1st in the AL East!" 
Taco Bell then bed. Debating on going to school tomorrow or not. 
I want 2 promote calibraska at Taylor swift tomorrow should I do it 
@user May not have been just find it strange... That's all. I just hope the same protection that came to Kane doesn't come to Rose. 
@user If Murray comes back well, he'll be the 2nd/3rd best D maybe Johnson. I'd want him for the Leafs for sure." 
ah theres robbie keane..bidding to be the 1st international footballer  to score 200 goals 
"If somebody were to edit the CGI sharks from Sharknado into The Day After Tomorrow, I honestly wouldn't be able to tell the difference." 
February 20th! Same day as Kurt Cobain 
World champion wrestler Hulk Hogan finally may have met an opponent he can't beat: his own mouth - tvonline 
grant liked my pic about not being able to go to digi tomorrow :( sad sad sad because I miss him 
@user Hi Ranjit! Should I use a screen protector for my Moto G (3rd gen) to avoid scratches even though it has a gorilla glass? 
..just finished watching the 4th season of Dexter.  #RelaxedTweet 
Tomorrow during Bachelor Pad.  RT @user @user do you know if tonight they announce the cast for DWTS??? 
Im cuming back to Natchitoches Friday just to Vote 
Definitely should’ve cast someone other than @user to play Drew Peterson...I wanted to be his 5th wife by the end of the movie. :/ #sexy 
Just remember...the WWAT isn't over until Sunday evening ;) 
1/2  Just found my OpEd on the front page of Iran Daily (in Persian). A good read for Saturday morning.  #terrorism 
"With the Lights Out [Box] by Nirvana (US) (CD, Nov-2004, 3 Discs, DGC) 
"Live in the city? Go to WGC!  Live in the Hutt? Go to Horti Hall!  GLYN BARRETT from UK speakin at BOTH! Tomorrow, 7pm #hutt4life #cityswag" 
Floyd Mayweather fights this Saturday as he attempts to equal Rocky  Marciano's 49-0 record by fighting a bum- 
"Real Madrid: David de Gea's dream move to Real Madrid may have been crushed, but he will just have to get his ... 
Kpop fandoms may hate eachother but if ppl keep provoking Queens it's just going to make those same fandoms wanna vote for T-ara. 
Sarah Palin to join Donald Trump and Ted Cruz at big rally in D.C. on Wednesday, 1:00 PM at the Capitol, to protest Obama's Iran nuke deal! 
Day 1 = something starting with a C, Channing Tatum. #november #challenge #photoaday #sexy #damn 
Science behind the movie: Dinosaur DNA extraction in Jurassic World may be more fiction than fact. #biomedicalodyssey 
People & Power travels to Egypt to see how the April 6th activists have been faring since Mohamed Morsi’s election. 
"Bogey, bogey start for Paul Dunne. That 2nd hole could have been much worse though. Dunne is no longer the leading amateur #TheOpen" 
"We're partnering with our friends at Ten Thousand Villages in Green Hills on Sunday, June 17th. Stop by anytime... 
"Other Voices: An ugly win for Tom Brady: Tom Brady. Last Thursday, a federal judge spiked the NFL... #Deflategate" 
2nd night going to sleep with this girl on skype lol @user <3 
Straight outta Compton made it look like Ice Cube wrote Friday... Or maybe he was just reading the script 
Today's #TriviaThrusday is the first I didn't have to look up.... Who doesn't know Steve Jobs worked at Atari! 
Less than 15 mins to win Free tickets to see David Price and the #BlueJays tomorrow! #FreeTicketsFriday Enter here: 
Da way aaron rodgers lookin greenbay may take it again 
@user Who's gone be the 3rd guy for the shield again will it be Seth Rollins stay tune everyone 
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo announces he is to wed former Kenickie guitarist Marie du Santiago 
@user Will the patch be delivered together with the 5.1 update for Moto G 1st Gen or separately? 
@user how about imagine furiosa screaming ""JOHN CENA"" and going IN ON THOSE RECORDERS LIKE NO TOMORROW" 
"We sat down with members of the Zombies and Odessey and Oracle..."  #music #feedly 
"At the Houston Improv this Sunday night performing with the hilarious Raj Sharma. If you, or someone you care... 
Cardinals and Patriots on the tube! Monday night football special large pizza, dozen wings, large domestic pitcher $25.99!!! 
"ESPN announces ""We're going to be here for awhile tonight"" -- Murray looks to run away with the 3rd set. up 3-1, with the serve." 
7-year-old signs with real madrid and will start september 6th just announced on @user #what? 
"Uefa can overall the Spanish Fa's decision to cancel De Gea's move, and he could still be a Real Madrid player tomorrow. Help me God." 
"Scott Walker sat down and went ""I want to write a mariachi song about the Seventh fucking Seal"" 
@user Press release came out instead of song. Confirmed Sam Smith but it's coming out on the 25th. 
God bless aly for letting us go to dunkin' donuts tomorrow bc im going to need that coffee sOoooOoOoOOo bad 
The big announcement tomorrow is not going to be anywhere near as huge as they're letting on. I think Paul McCartney probably makes sense. 
@user I heard @user &amp; @user may have been in the office doing ""research"" on Caitlyn Jenner" 
@user @user Islam is wonderful and beautiful. You can't tell the difference between a prostitute and a church goer on a Sunday. 
"One Week in Cincinnati: On Tuesday, July 21st, the day Ohio Governor John Kasich announced his bid for the Whi... 
#Turkish Supreme Election Board announced the date for snap elections as Nov 1, same date previously declared by 'Supreme leader' Erdogan. 
"Zayn's ""how it goes but I know"" in the 2nd BSE chorus is pure sex." 
We thought we’d never see the day - Axl Rose does 1st TV interview in 20 yrs AND shows up on time! Watch: 
"Fascinatingly may fit-1Leonardo overpaints1493 Milan""Old Caterina""2Paints1503""Lisa"" 3Overpaints with""Young Caterina"" 
#Jerusalem should have its next pride parade on Saturday.  Can't cut people on the Sabbath! 
I've been left in the car park. May or may not be rocking out to AC/DC 
anyone going to Knott's scary farm saturday and can I come 
@user Hi guys. Will you have the new Iron Maiden Vinyl in tomorrow? 
@user @user The ssm isn't the issue here. That was settled by SCOTUS in June. This is about following the law 
"Due up for TEX in the 6th: Josh Hamilton, Elvis Andrus, &amp; Rougned Odor. #LetsGoRangers" 
@user @user oh Wordd, Ard well say no more, me and Andy gone be back up there on the 8th of november, 
Saturday: picnic in park with @user thrown around a moshpit at Datsuns and London is burning. Balance in all things 
#WorldNews Sales of E L James’ much talked about Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy fall for the first time in two mon... 
Frank Gifford was the man on monday night football rip 
"I remixed ""You Can Do It"" by Ice Cube. Please check it out and let me know what you think. #IMW drops January... 
"Reuters: Iran will take reciprocal measures in response to any breach of this year's nuclear deal, the foreign ministry warned on monday" 
It remind me to Zayn when he said there's one missing #MTVHottest One Direction 
July 30: MNJTF faces Boko Haram with broken strategy 
I bet if Tom Brady said that the sun revolves around the earth. Pats fans would back him up and say he's Jesus. Smh 
I better meet Steve on the Brooklyn bridge today. 
When you spend $160 on a Friday Lolla ticket just to see Paul McCartney but it was still cheaper than your tickets last time you saw him... 
NBA NEWS:  The New York Knicks will take on the Miami Heat at MSG on Saturday (Australian Time) in their season... 
"With 2 outs in the 5th, LaRoche's single and three straight walks give the White Sox their first run. Twins lead 4-1." 
Kim Kardashian on the cover of Rolling Stone is not The Death Of Rock. This is.  
@user Run the Jewels and Kendrick took 1 and 2. With Modest Mouse in 3rd. Bit of a genre shift there... 
@user he’s coming to the houston rodeo in march!! 
"Jake Gyllenhaal, Eminem and Rolling Stone contributing editor Joe Levy sat down at the YouTube Space in NYC to... 
The Sun will be following Prince George around today on his 2nd b day checking he doesn't raise his right arm in the air  @user 
My heart felt condolences go out to the Gifford family and friends of a great NFL player and icon of Monday night football Frank Gifford RIP 
"Brock Lesnar is surprised by the return of The Undertaker: Raw, Feb. 24,... via @user 
OFF THE WALL by MICHAEL JACKSON was no.12 in the UK album charts on 6 September 1980 
this guy so much like bruno mars, it’s crazy. he may be his long lost twin. 
Murray runs it about 20 yards across the 50 for an Aggies 1st down. 
Come out on Monday to watch THE WOMAN IN BLACK w/ the MODEL UN! Free Entry! Concessions w/ donation!! #SSU # 
A1: The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner - Iron Maiden. Self-inflicted with 8 PM bedtimes on Saturday nights. Am I right? #runchat 
Looks here. A list of the most popular stories on BBC - Brenda's way down in 6th, today of all days! @user 
"Is there a decent karaoke spot in Tulsa on a Wednesday? I feel the need to do ""Number of the Beast"" by Iron Maiden in honor of @user 
Another Estella video you may not have seen  
Some say Gov. John Kasich won Thursday's GOP debate. See our analysis and vote for the night's top performer: 
@user hi Adil how r you saw you last Thursday on MUSIC Awards on BBC 1 and today heard you on The Breakfast SHOW Chris Evans 
@user and the fact you only have 10. Take it he's the missing 11th player behind Kane? 
Actually praying Calibraska comes out at midnight so I can buy it and listen before I have work tomorrow. 
@user i am going to the london grand prix on the saturday next year! Might meet you there!! 
May natandaan ako sa kanta ni sam smith na im not the only one a.k.a woo 
@user Tony Blair also deceived the Labour Party, NEC &amp;Cabinet in particular  But he won 3 elections!" 
Stars Play Hollywood Icons - JANE FONDA & ALAN RICKMAN AS NANCY  @user we may just have to c this 2gether! 
David Wright Looks Good in First Rehab Start: Photo David Wright during the first inning Monday. He had comple... 
"Cameron's comments may be overly rough on Labour MP's, but McDonnell called for Labour councillors to have kneecaps shot off by the IRA." 
That game will be on Sun night at 9 Eastern in LA and for Vancouver it’s #SEAvRSL tomorrow night at 10. #MLSPlayoffs 
Saturday is Daylight Savings Time - don't forget to set your clocks back 1 hour before bed or you will be extra early for church on Sunday! 
ok so I may or may not have bought some shorts at the concert that say Ed Sheeran across my butt 
@user I'm going to dunkin donuts tomorrow morning do you want me to bring you something 
"Should be in LAX 12 hours and 50 min from now, just in time to see the sun come up and do Friday all over again. 
Ant-Man takes a second week at the top of the box office:   While it may not be setting th... via @user 
You're playing the same venue that Chris Brown did tomorrow how do you feel? @user 
"September 30 (DAY): Mostly sunny early, turning mostly cloudy with 30% chance t'stms after 1 pm. 50% after 5 pm, some strong. Highs 85-88." 
"The video of Porto """"Oportonity City"""" won the 1st prize in category Cultural Tourism in ART&TUR International Tourism Film Festival..." 
"Oct 2nd, 1976 - John Belushi performed with Joe Cocker on """"Saturday Night Live."""" 
How should #Mets work David Wright back into things? Is batting him 4th tonight too much too soon? @user 5pm @user 
@user the sun: ""how the IRA will take advantage of terrorist lover jeremy corbyn's reluctance to defend our shores""" 
Tomorrow is Men & Women's Day!!!  Are You Ready???  Men's Day @ 10:30 AM with Rev. Isadore Edwards & Women's Day... 
NEW || Niall at the U.S. Open today today (Sept 2) #2 
Did you know a Conor McGregor 2nd-Round KO was worth 5/1 odds? Read more at #UFC189 
@user apaz there’s a college party on Friday at the Joseph wright building and it’s open until 3 in the morning xxx 
@user @user You mean the Caesars Palace where The Immortal Hulk Hogan won his 5th WWE Title at WrestleMania IX? 
anybody interested in Bears Picnic Festival? Grateful Dead tribute festival in PA id only be going sat-sun $80  Aug 8 and 9th 
@user first Labour lead with YouGov since last Wednesday, looks like the Tory conference bounce is over though" 
Kris Bryant gets a sunflower seed shower after his 5th inning homer. And it was chilly? #Cubs: 
I swear Dustin Johnson has led just about every major after 1st 2 days. Then goes on to tank it. @user 
So Chris Evans &amp; Robert Downey Jr are on #JimmyKimmel tomorrow night! I expect the #CivilWar trailer to drop or an announcement #Cap3#Marvel 
Completely different milan in the 2nd half 
I have one possibly two extra tickets to see Zac Brown Band tomorrow at MetLife stadium. Dope seats. Who wants to come with me? 
Sad news about Frank Gifford. I loved watching him play for the Giants and then Monday Night Football...we lost a pretty decent man today. 
Please join Prince George's County Animal Shelter for the #ClearTheShelters event this Saturday!! 
times in turkey's holiday resorts. it may one of the advices: keep your distance from erdogan's forces (so police). #turkey 
Catch it! MT @user Tomorrow Venus will make final trek across face of sun as seen from the Earth til 2117 
Caitlyn Jenner fears she may be sent to nen's prison over fatal car crash 
Is there a single word in this 2006 Gordon Brown speech to the City of London that George Osborne couldn't have said? 
Pride Parade will take place in the downtown core tomorrow starting at 1pm. Find out which roads are affected here: 
"I mean, the Tigers may be having a horrifying season but at least they don't have to wear those White Sox throwback uniforms" 
What should I wear to the Taylor Swift concert tomorrow? What would my Bad Blood character name be? These questions will keep me up tonight. 
Would it be wrong to watch Magic Mike XXL for a 2nd time? 
Janet Jackson opens her tour Rogers Arena on Aug 31 Spin magazine just released a sample of her latest single single 
Federer's next match is going to be the 1st obstacle he faces on his way to the finals. His first serve needs to be on point against Isner. 
I think every Friday im going to tweet: yay degrassi tonight. #getusedtoit 
Happy to see cogent views from most of the section of society. Yakub was a terrorist. Capital punishment may be a... 
My Pain may be the reason for somebody,s laugh But My laugh must never be a reason for somebody,s pain #Charlie_Chaplin 
Wish I had someone to go see Amy Schumer with me on Saturday!! 
RT @user With the ceremony tomorrow today's @user tracks of the day come from PJ Harvey and Metronomy 
And it say "April: Snoop Dogg quits weed!" Then it says "May: Snoop Dogg back on weed!" I feel like that's me about a lot of things lmao 
"This may be the tiniest act of defiance, but I just downloaded 2-Eagles of Death Metal songs on iTunes &amp; I'd subscribe to Charlie Hebdo too" 
"White Sox take a 5-4 lead over Minnesota on Avisail Garcia's 12th HR, Twins a game back of Texas for the 2nd wildcard" 
Selling two tickets for Kenny Chesney, Chase Rice, Brantley Glibert, and Eric Church for this Saturday. hmu if you're interested 
"So, Miss USA last night, the AL All-Star starting pitcher today. What's going to be tomorrow for Bishop Kelley HS?" 
Do you think Kane needs to switch gimmicks again? Should Kane get one more run?  #WWE #SoFarBackSunday #SFBS 
@user I’m dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to Ash 
@user that early. PS4 didn't close til the servers til Tuesday. What gives? 
But why do I have to go to college tomorrow. Can I just go straight to.l Green Bay? 
@user 1st one's Rosemary and Rue and unless you've got a specialty fantasy bookstore nearby, you're best going to Book Depository" 
#Cubs Kris Bryant is starting in right field for the Cubs on Monday.  
@user I hope that is Sept 11 or you are Merlin living backwards in time 
Planning on going to Wednesday's Sam Smith concert in Glendale? Well you'll have to wait a little longer. Show has been postponed to 9/30. 
@user is the next Obama: special interests in Israel, the F-35 program, and the dairy industry, still the 2nd best after Jill Stein" 
I'm *totally* going to vote for Kanye West in 2020.  ... I have just been told it is not April fools day yet. My mistake. 
Stone Brewing is mow just a stone's throw from the Del Mar station. Welcome to Old Pas' 
Just had our 1st trick-or-treater in 4+ yrs here in the desert. Caught me totally off guard- gave him a candy cane from a box someone sent. 
@user tomorrow some body does it for Rahul Gandhi if he is PM I will RT. You wont understand. Keep burning! Lulz @user 
One of Kesha's leaked tracks may have actually been a song warning about her relationship with Dr. Luke ---... 
@user and yeah I agree berahino may go on to be massive but with Kane at the club I'd focus on devolving him even more! 
Monsanto, BP and Veolia agree to pay for cleanup of Welsh site they contaminated with toxic waste five decades later. 
Brand new updated logo, edited by David Taylor the new Executive Producer of ROC-TV. First introduction video will be up tomorrow! 
Griffin on fire tonight- 23 points at the end of the 3rd. Jordan with a double double 11points, SIXTEEN boards. LAC up 69-64 #clippers #NBA 
"Sicily may form grand coalition, Italian UDC Party leader: (AGI) Rome - On Monday Rocco Buttiglione, the leader ... 
@user @user I would be very surprised if a publisher skipped the Xbox One due to PS4 selling more copies of 3rd party titles. 
@user upstate NY! Near Binghamton NY, idk if u know where that is!!!! haha! Would u go Saturday too if he is still there or no?!" 
Sun 12/13:  Thor the Elf was checking out Tanner's toy box for gift ideas. #ThortheElf2015 
@user I'm thinking of going tomorrow and then moving onto Bolton from there to get City + Eagles 
@user @user Presstitutes n othr anti-nationals were relating yakub's hanging with Modi........... 3rd class leeches 
Putting together a preview story for the CMU field hockey team. They're hosting Kent State Saturday with the MAC Championship on the line. 
@user v sun burnt &amp; felt the need to put justin bieber lyrics to it bc who doesn't want some jb in their lives 
@user not that far yet but would prob start the 1st night of the Roxy 
The Amanda Knox appeal case resumes September 23rd. Do you think Knox and Sollecito will walk free? - 
DTN Bangladesh: Khaleda flies to Delhi Sunday: BNP considers the visit 'very significant' as it is taking place ... 
My name's Ashton &amp; I am a male I may be trans but that doesn't make me any less manly than John Cena or The Rock I go by he/him or they/them 
"Niall wants to dm me but just hasn't. Niall, YESTERDAY U SAID TOMORROW SO JUSTT DO ITT dm ;)" 
@user Thursday & Friday nights usually! Kinda depends with school though but I’m usually free those nights 
"If your still running Windows XP, then it may be time to upgrade to Windows 7 to ensure you receive latest upgrades and support in future" 
I'm going to be so mad if Frank Ocean releases his new album the minute before he goes on stage on Saturday 
Gus Malzahn knew of March 10 traffic stop of Michael Dyer. Here's a statement on why he waited to act 
Id be surprised if Tom Brady doesn't get some cheap hits tomorrow against the steelers haha 
Who is going to the Jason Aldean &amp; Kenny Chesney concert tomorrow? 
@user We need a 2nd Str Target-Man too. To lead when Kane is out. Or to play Kane as a #10 with him. I see a deadline day Austin bid. 
We just received word that our Nov 3rd show at the PCH Club with Ted Nugent tribute Stranglehold has been... 
"MT @user Remember when Miami vs VT on a Thursday night was a marquee game? Oh yeah, back when they were in the Big East." 
@user Hi there, can u tell me what time do doors open fri for janet Jackson? and when does she go on? is there an opening act?" 
Are you going to enrole tomorrow!?!?!? @user 
OMG! Just seen the last episodes of #SVU season 11 for 1st time. Whoa!- @user @user Sharon Stone &Alex Kingston together?!! Wow! 
Jennifer Hudson, others perform at Whitney Houston tribute: Just before the Grammys in February ... #Fashion #Style 
Did a decision by TOB cost #NCSU the win and their streak against #UNC Find out on the new podcast tomorrow! 
@user Milan , rates go into effect tomorrow , do you see nzdusd lower ? . TY" 
Dean Ambrose vs Luke Harper.........again.......for the......20th........time #RAW #WWERAW 
Typical Saturday afternoon, hanging with Steve Whitmire - who plays Kermit, Ernie, Rizzo the Rat, and others 
"Saturday Links: Teen President Edition: Plus One Direction's first music video without Zayn, stream the new Be... 
[ESPN Video] K. Murray run for 23 yds for a 1ST down:  Kyler Murray run for 23 yds to the ArzSt 36 fo... #TexasAM 
Paul Dunne gets a birdie on the 3rd. Good effort after torrid start. Zach Johnson now tied with Oosthuizen. 9 within 2 of the lead.#TheOpen 
Operating G3KMI this evening from the University Maths Tower on HF bands. 6:15-pm - 8pm BST. 10th floor, room 10037. #ham #hamradio 
Nicki dead hasn't sat in an audience of an award show (besides BET) in awhile. She can't be bothered with those YTs. 
ON THIS DAY: October 24 2001  Arsenal beat Real Mallorca 3-1 to qualify for the 2nd round of the UCL  Goals from Pires, Bergkamp & Henry 
still looking for one person for Ed Sheeran Thursday night in Tampa!! the ticket is 85. 
@user I use to have about 50 band shirts I may still have them in a box somewhere Nirvana b182 Mcr GD XD I want to find them now 
@user I look at his past record 2 n it's awful nearly got barca relegated nearly finished 5th wif bayern b4 he got sacked 
"my mother just said """"what’s gucci mah nigguh!"""" to me, i think she may have been listening to """"Niggas In Paris"""", should i be worried?" 
Watching the 3rd episode of New Jersey Shore and I’ve just realised the theme tune has changed! #BringBackLMFAO 
"Getting DFA'd on roster expansion day = baseball's version of Chris Tucker asking Ice Cube in Friday ""How do you get fired on your day off?""" 
if i can change my schedule right now im gucci so i wont have to worry about tomorrow when i see her 
"Security cover of 30,000 cops, for Yakub burial.  India has no future with such doings: India = 3rd world country  
I want it to be November 5th already, because Lamb of God. 
"Charlotte, The New Day, Triple H, John Cena and others sit down with Michael Cole every Wednesday in 
@user would you like to eat breakfast with me before Lollapalooza tomorrow Paul McCartney might come let me know so I can plan 
"Okay so the first one is Shawns twin, the 2nd is actually Shawn, the 3rd is ew get away idek you 
@user if you're in heaven, sunny with cardigan wind. if you're in hell, humid, no sun, feels like it might rain but never does." 
Why is no one talking about the fact that Niall's birthday is almost here. Or the fact the boys can drop the 5th album any day now 
Sitting on the floor in the Upper Room where the 120 sat waiting on outpouring of Holy Ghost on Day of Pentecost. 
"""Even if I knew that tomorrow the world go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree."" -- Martin Luther King" 
What Donald Trump said about Bobby Jindal's debate performance: I may want to check his green card. 
"My music range now is all over the place.  My Chemical Romance, Anberlin, Taking Back Sunday, Iron Maiden, Nirvana, Twenty One Pilots+" 
"What did Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Joe Biden and Marco Rubio share this Sunday? A little time in our trip around the ""Inside" 
@user @user I wanted to buy the Moto G 3rd gen but I've changed mind and now I'm waitin' for a invite for the Oneplus ^^ 
@user have you listened to black Friday by Cole and Kendrick? 
@user You will be receiving a new seasoncard, your Juventus ticket may be paper ticket that is sent to you. 
They might as well drop the last Friday and let Ice Cube son play Craig niggas look jus alike 
"Final Four is set and here is the match-ups. """"If we win""""... we play on Saturday at 7:00 p.m. in Lexington! 
Just in: John Kasich makes the cut for the main #GOPdebate stage Thursday night. 
Got the job in the mall ..now time to get the job at  Adidas tomorrow 
@user @user talking about Muslims tomorrow morning? Are you sure it's the right show?? 
Actors have the Academy Awards, Recording Artists have the Grammys, and now..DJ’s have the GSA’s!! - NOMINEES ANNOUNCED TOMORROW 10/9 
Please be educated about the news you are sharing- this isn't current. This image is from January for Charlie Hebdo 
Gucci plenty motive force poise november look up the biform thine persona inside magnification up industrial p... 
The war of words between Old Trafford and the Bernabeu escalated on Tuesday night. Manchester United responded to Real Madrid with their 
"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone: The Illustrated Edition" will be available on October 6. Pre-order your... 
John Kasich has had a good first week as a presidential candidate. Vaults the pack to 3rd in NH 
Niall: plays song from 5th album Louis: Niall you're a bad bad boy 
David Beckham jokes son Romeo is copying his style with man bun: Romeo Beckham debuted his trendy little man bun on Sunday evening, a... 
@user @user May it be a great success in spite of Obama's interference in #Daraa. Down with the Regime and Hezbollah! 
What these white people at school tomorrow have SO MUCH to say about Nicki!!!!! #ImReady 
@user Tomorrow's news: Heather Mills says that Paul McCartney plays the guitar left-handed but still uses a right-handed guitar. 
Guys instead of focusing on the Briana drama let's all vote 4 MITAM  
@user Not for nothing Bret..but Carly Fiorina gets absolutely no press. I mean she is actually 3rd in Iowa!!! 
That moment when you live in NYC but you're at college in PA when Justin's performing there on Thursday fuck me man 
Murray gives it his all but can't break Bellucci &amp; now he must hold at 4-5. Can he avoid a 4th set? 
For all the people that don't like John Cena: #MakeAWish 
Night Crumbs: The Nanny and the Lexus that may or may not have been bought with Ben Affle... follow @user 4mor 
"RT @user ""Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away."", Elvis Presley" 
@user Welbeck 2nd goal vs Galatasaray had that been RVP do you think he gets away? 
"Not a fan of TFI Friday or Chris Evans, but Alan Partridge co-presenting makes it an absolute must watch." 
China Telecom does away with creating the EPON the OLT: FTTH and FTTB price may be very 
Why do I continue to call Shawn a kid when he is older than me? The world may never know 
Floyd Mayweather thinks that Muhammad Ali is only the 5th greatest boxer ever. What do yall think? 
"My sister got to actually see Fergie, Pitbull, Marc Anthony, Will Smith, Hank Williams Jr. and Dan Marino at the Dolphin's game tonight. -_-" 
@user at the bootleg the last weekend of September. Next Thursday what’re you up to? White Arrows at the echo 
@user Champion of the Earth""""  Frank Warren already looking into the unification possibilities, may put her in with Chisora first!" 
"#redsox Over the Mon Daily Red Sox Links: Bobby Valentine, Clay Buchholz, Jose Iglesias: Usually a win makes eve... 
Boruto: Naruto the movie comes out tomorrow 
@user @user Sure, it may not be in a direct sense. But Nintendo gives GX the support by sending them coverage and press releases. 
HBO comedian Bill Maher made the case Tuesday night for ousting 2nd District Republican Rep. John Kline via @user 
Ronday Rousey says she would beat Floyd Mayweather in 'no-rules' fight #afmobi #Theguardian 
we pumping inside twilight on Dec 19th UGLY SWEATER FETE'R with @user @user @user @user Get Mad Now.. 
@user Will the Foamposite pro Gucci be available on line tomorrow? 
#SaudiCoalitionDividingUmmah  If today it's Iran tomorrow it can be Pakistan  Don't let America win by its divide and rule again 
But yeah, young black film makers, afropolitans at the Rich Mix this Sunday, pass through to discuss Zoe Saldana debacle. 
Tell ya what. If 10+ non-runners come and watch our meet on Saturday I'll take you all out to dunkin afterwards for a few dozen donuts on me 
In my emotions today ab the boys break, turn on my 1D iPod folder and the 1st song was "Back for You". Is that a sign?? 
Ben Carson just now on Fox: Christians deserve more 1st Amendment protection than other faiths because US was founded on Judeo-Xtian values. 
Ducks are ready for the ITA Northwest Regional Championships starting tomorrow! Get the full scoop here: 
@user Wayans brothers need to be in the new Friday movie wit Ice Cube, Chris Tucker, and Kevin Hart. No question." 
I feel pity for Erdogan and some other kuffar when I see them. Like don't you know what path your taking? May Allah guide us all Ameen 
The Vamps music video tomorrow. Which I'm I'm (OMG) gonna be interesting to see how it turned out   @user 
@user I just bought my PS4 so I will be by November, I may buy AW for it till then cause I am not used to the controller. We'll see." 
@user Will U B airing the NEW episode of Grey’s Anatomy on Thurs Nov 1st? I DVR’d #PrivatePractice tonight, to find #StormNewsPorn :( 
@user when are you going to do another mail Monday with FPS Russia? 
@user @user the 3rd of Chris Evans 8 Comic book Super Hero franchises. 
@user I have one question if I may ask. When you did that promo of calling Hulk Hogan the n-word. Did you go to him and apologize? 
I'll play Brock Lesnar's theme on September 1st lmao  Slowly approaching the squad 
@user @user there may even have been two ""Sanctuary""s in the top 40 at about the same time; viz the Iron Maiden single." 
Persistence is like: Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest. #fitnessmotivation #fitness #gymtime 
Thats like the 5th time the Texans hit the ball so Flacco can’t throw it 
Taken from the march for Charlie Hebdo office Attack. Still relatable. WE ARE NOT AFRAID. #prayforparis 
Starkville, MS! Coming at you tomorrow night to rage at Ricks Cafe and we’ve got a pair of tickets to give away.... 
As Christians we may harbor unrealistic expectations for ourselves. But even if we can somehow manage the... 
Back in the day when Catholics ate fish every Friday, our school thought it’d serve for lunch the best of both worlds:  tunafish hot dogs. 
Today In History November 02, 1958 Elvis gave a party at his hotel before going out on maneuvers. He sang and... 
Save the date: The World Bank’s new Doing Business report will be out October 23 
"I'm going to Nekromantix at El Plaza Condesa in Mexico City, Mexico - Sep 1 
"I guessed Straight Outta Compton was about Usher, G Easy, Kanye West, Chris Brown, or Macklemore, b4 I was told the 3rd person is Ice Cube." 
Universal should just make a feature focused on 2pac. No sequel or relation to Straight Outta Compton, or Snoop Dogg 
Abi! Na wetin be result of the Super Eagles against Tanzania today under new coach Sunday Oliseh? 
@user @user @user @user Milan will play Sampdoria tomorrow and they' will face @user  next if the qualify 
"""""@SOLOGOLDis: Shaq Morris narrowed his list to Wichita State & Oral Roberts. He will likely make a final decision Mon."""" @user 
@user Might be stopping be the studio on Friday. Have any of that Halloween candy left over? 
Watching Kofi Annan on MSNBC @user show educate the masses on foreign policy. I wonder how many others are doing so on a Friday night 
@user if I may - strongly suggest it. The parallels of ancient Israel, the Assyrians &amp; America 9-11 are ominously striking" 
@user let me get this straight.. 2nd day of the NBA season, and only 2 games were scheduled??? And 1 was postponed? WTF 
Payback is a bitch Seth Rollins  you've may have uh band the RKO at WrestleMania their is a RKO with your name on it 
@user the student debate at DMU is now confirmed for 5pm on November 5th! Exact details to follow 
David Wright strikes out in his 1st AB tonight for St. Lucie. 
Tomorrow Channel 4 is 30 years old. Presenting the Channel 4 #spotify playlist. What do you remember? #channel4 
Want to see the Dubs play(beat) Kerry in the all Ireland final Sunday week but have no ticket ?   We are raffling... 
"Men's Journal editor Jason Fine is the new managing editor of Rolling Stone, it was announced Monday. Fine wil... 
Hate to say Randy Orton is underrated but too many people sleep/shit on him. Had he been in Cenas spot Wed have seen 10 yrs of great matches 
[Paul] Paul McCartney &amp; Wings - Hot as Sun Concert for the People of Kampuchea 
Guys just an apology in advance for all the snaps imma put of Sam Smith tomorrow :-))) 
"If you need tickets for the 2CW live event in Binghamton NY on Nov 17th, text 607-237-9247 or email me on fb. 
Gucci - Sun Valley! #Zone6 what you know about that? 
#CurrentEvents Poor Aaron Barr, he learned about Anonymous the hard way.  Tomorrow we look at PIPA, SOPA, and ACTA. 
Curtis with their 3rd 3-and-out to start this one 
"End of an era RT @user RT @user Andy Rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on @user this Sunday CBS just announced" 
But honestly I think Miami may be the Alabama of the NBA. 
Discover the Business Value of Your Library Card Wednesday, September 19th 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm Harold Washington... 
Looks like I’m going to sit at Richwood with my brother tomorrow.! 
GOLF: Junior Franco Castro had 10 birdies and a 64 (-8) to tie the school record for a single 18-hole round. He was tied for 3rd at -14. 
#BlueJays Score update: Currently in the Bottom of the 5th inning trailing the Red Sox 5-2. #BlueJaysBaseball 
"Iron Maiden have premiered the video for ""Speed of Light,"" the first single from their upcoming 16th studio... 
"White Sox win a challenge, Alexei Ramirez ruled safe at second upon review. Sanchez up with 0 out in the 5th." 
At the half, Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 vs Bayern Munchen. Let’s score 2 or more in the 2nd half!! GO MUNICH!! 
"Texas ranked No. 4 in latest AVCA poll, Minnesota is No. 14 so make your plans to watch this Thursday and Friday at Gregory Gym live" 
Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins for the #WWE Heavyweight Championship LIVE tonight on Monday Night #RAW @user 
Anonymous asked you:  You remind me of Wednesday Adams. 
Papi 4th Sox with 200 HRs at Fenway: Red Sox slugger David Ortiz hit career home run No. 497 in the first inni... 
"30 on the sun, 720 on the dunks. Perm pressed hair smells like Sharon Stone. @user 
West Indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala (TimesNow) 
"Anyone want to buy 2 tickets to the Foo Fighters in Milton Keynes on Sunday, one of my workmates has some mates taht cant go" 
Halloween Bingo with Curtis will begin at 1PM in the 1st floor Activities Room today 
"Proof you're older now than 1st time you saw """"Baby Boom"""": You think, """"Elizabeth shouldn't have been alone in that room"""" and """"Ooh, nice sofa""""" 
"From July 27 2015, Rowdy Roddy Piper giving his opinion on Hulk Hogan (and the ""racist"" comments). Probably his... 
Naruto may have been the first ever Hokage to never achieve the status of Chunin and Jounin now that I think about it..... 
Scott Walker's shifting position on the Common Core education standards via @user 
@user the 29th and 30th of December! When I'm in Korea I'll find out which hotels I'm staying at and let you know! 
"First day back at work proper and it has been manic and fuck it, I'm booking that to go see the Milan derby in Jan as a late bday trip!" 
"The third leading receiver in the B1G didn't see much of the field on Sat, and James Franklin didn't really say why: 
Really hope Dustin Johnson shoots something in the low 60's tomorrow and is at least in contention. So many haters out there. 
does HP stand for Heather Palfreyman or Harry Potter. the world may never know 
"Show (in Wisconsin (in August)): Lady Rollins (or wver  that night) are playing at  on August 19th, along with o... 
"American Horror Story Renewed For Season 6, In Talks With Lady Gaga: If you thought the 5th season of American... 
@user Wrong. Check the stats - he was Nats' third leading batter and tied for 2nd in RBI in 2012 NLDS. Hit a big HR in game 5. 
"#BJP #NarendraModi BJP wants Rahul Gandhi to come clean on 'British citizenship' issue, may raise it... #UHF #HDL" 
"Meet us on the High Line, NYC, July 31: Raise awareness for BGDL and International Women with Alopecia month. 
Dear all this is to inform you that tomorrow Mukherjee Nagar Madal (BJP) is going to start swachh Bharat mission... 
@user you can tell Shawn that I unquit, I thought I had a career path in Vemma. So yea I'll be in tomorrow, regular time." 
On 2nd thoughts let me watch the repeat show of Styled To Rock ! Why am I not in this episode u get to design for Kanye West cha :x 
"Tuesday’s rainfall @ BDR was 0.64"""" which is a record for the date." 
Thousands of Cosatu members have  gathered at the Orkney Stadium in Rustenburg ahead of a march to Anglo Gold Ashanti's offices - report 
Tonga will perform the first haka at Eden Park on Friday; the All Blacks can choose to do their haka simultaneously or once Tonga finishes. 
In Peru a single bush may contain more ant species than in the British Isles. #fact 
it's now july 50. refusing to acknowledge august until frank ocean releases that album. 
@user trying to do a pick up pre order for the 20th anniversary PS4 controller but it won't let me. Is it online only now? 
@user got it on pre-order, now we just need The 7th Hokage and the Scarlet Spring to get a print release &amp; the Day Naruto became Hokage" 
I have two Sam smith tickets for tomorrow night @ the Toyota center!!Text me if u want them 7138701854 
Every male celeb under the sun: Please Stop doing underwear adverts! No one cares! You're just some random, not David Beckham! 
Scott Walker lets 'handful of reasonable' Muslims remark stand: In attempting to make a point Friday about how... 
I debate seeing Ant-Man tonight for the 3rd time...Do I? 
How do you like your #MHdog? Let us know on National Hot Dog Day this Thursday by using #MHdog #buffalodog 
Sacramento area supporters - we'll be at the Whole Earth Festival at UC Davis in the quad on May 12th and 13th. 
"And on this Tuesday night I will ponder why they decided to make a rap remix of ""Bad Blood""" 
thank you for what you did on the field &amp; in the booth   you helped make Monday Night Football   RIP Frank Gifford 
The sun had now completely risen, and the whole facade of Granite House became illuminated by his rays; but in the interior as well as on t 
REHAB UPDATE: Kirk Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging and David Wright grounded out to second base in their 1st ABs tonight with @user 
"Does anyone know if the Sam Smith concert in Austin, TX got moved from 8 to 630 tomorrow? Heard that it did, but can't find it anywhere!" 
By John Whitesides MIAMi, Fla, Sept 3 (Reuters) - When you are Joe Biden, it's not easy being quiet. While the normally loquacious vice 
Uh how is Zayn gonna party with Liam tomorrow when he's still in LA? I don't think that's what the pap was taking about 
"Dear @user What calender are u following? The upcoming Monday is Independence Day. Oh, I almost forgot. For you it's July 4th, no?" 
"it's kinda weird bc last year ventura was june 23, this year it was june 22, and next year it's june 21" 
"MSS FC have a tough drawn away to Tristars and Deloitte in the 3rd round of the London Sunday FA Cup, tie to be... 
":| ""@SocialRMadrid: ABC | Real Madrid will announce he signing of De Gea on January 1st. He will stay for 6 seasons and will come for free.""" 
Excuse me but when did the march ended? i still rememberyself laughing when zayn left i want the old days back 
@user bruhhhh my birthdays saturday but i work all day but after that ill be gucci. its beeen entirely way too long man 
@user The bookstore is packed with students buying warm WVU gear for the game this Saturday!  #215section1 
Threshold's new album MARCH OF PROGRESS is now out! What song do you like the most? If you wanna help the band's... 
I guess it's safe to say we'll only see Beyonce's performance tomorrow in SA #MadeInAmerica 
Did @user just compare Aaron Rodgers to Matt Flynn @user #c’mon #FirstTake 
@user May the policy is correct.NDA should have done Yakub body too. 
"Ryan Braun, baseball's antihero just shows up in the 9th and hits a triple" 
Batman killed, used a gun + lived in New York, not Gotham for the 1st few years in comics #batman #kindle #Amazon 
@user where you working Friday then Karin Edwards? Train it right in the pussay or get Elton to pick us up from station near his? 
People may treat you badly and do you bad but they will remember you in time of distress just people of Israel they remembered Jephthah 
Saying goodbye to Frank Gifford and the heyday of Monday Night Football 
"About to begin our sojourn on """"Mysterious Island"""" for VBS. Plane crash, storm, chased by pirates...and that’s just 1st night. 3 times each" 
John kasich you may live. You dont have my support but you may live 
Cheers lads Everton is third today...oops I'm reading the League Table upside down! 
Eastbound for the #arsenal game tomorrow 
"So I find out that today, July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day and I've almost wasted the whole day with my ignorance. Smh" 
@user Hello m from Iran Plssss ask SRK , reply me &amp; just say hello Farah  Plssss, meri dream ko real may badal do 
"The Announcement! August 24th and 25th, The All Star Monster Truck Tour invades the Garland County Fairgrounds in... 
"Sharknado 3 premiers tomorrow night, just letting yall know" 
Chuck Norris does the Sunday New York Times Crossword Puzzle in ink. 
@user no voting ends on the 25th hun Please listen to my new single #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
How to make Friday morning even better? Cup of coffee and the new Iron Maiden album on Spotify. 
Obama is gonna be at the Illegal Miss USA pageant tomorrow. 
I wish I could buy something but he doesn't ship to Israel... 
I just want it to be December and then Soundwave 
"Hey, no matter what happens to Paul Dunne, he can always say he led @user at the end of the day on Sunday." 
POLICE WOMAN -- Blaze of Glory ( 2nd Season ) with Don Stroud: 
@user @user @user Monsanto may be evil as it controls the seeds and pesticides. But that doesn't mean GMO is bad 
It was fought in the 208/9 AD between the allied forces of the warlords Liu Bei and Sun Quan and the superior forces of the warlord Cao Cao. 
Huge game for #Hokies tonight. ACC championship game on the line-- difference between potential BCS bowl game and 4th tier bowl game. 
Made it to AZ in one piece... Quite the quick drive. Tomorrow Grand Canyon or Sedona? 
@user Getting Paul McCartney tix on Monday morning...worth it or not? :) 
[INFO] EXO-M will fly to Nanjing tomorrow to attend Yangtze River Music Festival on the 28th (along with Super... 
Gucci gob superego good hope december make clear the team yours physiological individual now raising upon grad... 
"Rolling Stone - June 25, 1981 Back Issue George Harrison Raiders of the Lost Ark 
In this video WWE RAW 7 September 2015-WWE RAW 7/9/2015 Ryback vs Seth Rollins one on one in the wwe... 
Anderson gets tight but Murray cant take advantage. Anderson saves break points to hold &amp; takes the 2nd set 6-3!! #USOpen 
"Zip Lash may be old, but Twitch is playing Dark Souls managed to defeat the second boss." 
A message from Lady Gaga to the Senate Sept 16 2010 my new single #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga 
pretty little liarssss timeee, because i missed the premier on tuesday :3 then degrassi, then jshore... WOO for being occupied 
I PACK BENJAMINS Floyd Mayweather stuffing $1 MILLY into bag like its nothing may make u feel some type a way 
"Don't think there will be a new episode of Naruto tomorrow. Welp, I'll just have to wait till Friday to watch TV." 
Rockin' Crawfish & Monday Night Football .. Shrimp & crab . We forsure just ate like Nubian Royalty . 
Oscar-winning actress Cate Blanchett may soon be joining the Marvel universe as she is in talks to star in the upcoming film #ThorRagnarok 
Celebrity Big Brother to stage a fake double eviction with a twist on Friday - Metro 
Niall's little interviews were the highlight of this video  Not gonna lie 
"Sam Smith on twitter talking about the end of his tour. He better be in Raleigh, come October 6." 
I was supposed to hand in my Deca money Monday... Can melleby still take it 
@user @user but Nicki dissed her first n threw the 1st shots all d while copying her 
The world is literally going to end before we get new Frank Ocean 
Stroke damage 'helps smokers quit': A brain region called the insular cortex may drive smoking addiction... (BBC) 
Jeb Bush: "If you create encryption, it makes it harder for the American government to do its job" 
When you feel like Zayn is going to follow you soon and end of the day you're like well maybe tomorrow 
You may know them as the crazy boys on Nickelodeon, but I know them as my whole world and idols, Big Time Rush. 
Clemson plans to honor Lattimore on Saturday Night. They are dedicating the final play of the Duke game to him, when they take a knee. 
@user Floyd Mayweather beaten several women and still boxes and be became the most paid athlete. And ray rice doesn't get a 2nd chance 
@user any odds on louis saha to score the winner in the derby on sunday? @user #backtohauntthescum #bagger 
Quality start for Dustin Johnson with an 8. He apparently is not a fan of Sunday golf. #PGAChampionship 
"Entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on Sun, 10 Mar 2013! @user @user 
Serena defeat Venus again only this time Venus put up a fight and made to a 3rd set unlike last time i saw it #usopen 
Niall's always thought the warmth of Liam's smile would make the sun feel cold and lifeless. [tries to smile through the tears] 
Ted Cruz pledges DOJ will open investigation of Planned Parenthood on 1st day in office 
@user Oops, meant Milan. I don't know man.. I have this weird feeling. He may want a new challenge and pull a Juve 2.0 with us." 
Justin Bieber may as well hold the copyright to the phrase WHAT DO YOU MEAN because I can't say it without hearing the song in my head 
"Check out red carpet looks from Cate Blanchett, Elizabeth Debicki &amp; Teresa Palmer at the 5th AACTA Awards   
Is anyone going to Zac Brown Band at SPAC on Sunday? 
@user Enter our competition to win a London Children’s Map Puzzle just follow and RT.Closes Friday 8th@4pm 
OFFICAL RELEASE: Wolves Open 19th Season On Oct. 13 - The Chicago Wolves open the 2012-13 American Hockey League sea... 
@user @user @user Larry Bird is ranked 4th all-time not including Lebron or Kobe just sayin... 
Who's going to be cool and be at church tonight @ 6:30? 
Stroudsburg vs Pleasant Valley for the MVC title next friday #repeat #MountieNation 
KYOCERA to Supply 30MW of Modules for Solar Power Plant in Northern Japan: Following the July start of a new fee... 
Google+ Hang out to answer questions about the 6th Idaho Hang on 12:00 eastern aka 9:00am west coast, on Thursday the 20th mesg for details. 
"Come try #ringette for FREE Sat Sept 12, 11-12 @ the Prince George Coliseum. Info at 
@user David Beckham, May I ask you to check my Profile? Because There's a Limited Secret to 1500.000 Coins FIFA 15 
"Les is back in Haltwhistle tomorrow at the Partnership Office, feel free to call in for a cuppa &amp; a chat about your business 10-4pm" 
Was chatting up ref librarian at local public library a few days ago about Watchman. Ended up on hold list for novel. Read 1st chapter..5/S 
Who rises as Scott Walker falls?:     On the Sunday shows there was a vivid contrast between two conservative ... 
"The 2nd Tom Brady reference of the Labor Day breakfast. Steve Tolman: ""Every #Patriots fan...understands the importance of unions.""" 
"http://t.co/IafdOkWbQ5 (Reuters) - Oklahoma's Olivia Jordan was crowned Miss USA on Sunday, capping weeks of controversy in the run-up to" 
@user shit, I just saw this, sorry man. I was at work all night and I gotta work all day tomorrow. You going to Kyle's tomorrow?" 
The Mu`tazila school of Islamic theology based on reason &amp; rationality of the 10th-11th centuries is now considered heretical by Muslims 
@user @user again an improvement. I don't like barely any Nintendo first party exclusives. It's ALL about 3rd party on all systems 
"If Europe wants to take Muslim refugees from Syria, America should take the Christians, though they may suffer #persecution in America, too." 
"Scoreless 1st frame for Salem and Potomac. The Nats ' s with a single, the Red Sox with a walk. 0-0 Top 2nd." 
@user You've heard the Black Friday collaboration with Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole right? So, the question is- Kendrick Lamar or J.Cole?" 
"LONDON, Aug 24 (Reuters) - British finance minister George Osborne will take the government's campaign for reform of the European Union to" 
WOW STI is off today since it's Singapore's Independence Day 
"May monthly theme ata ang floor namin: last month North Pole, ngayon naman Africa #anglamigeh  
Lets see if Melo can lead the Knicks tomorrow 
After all the X-Mas parties this weekend - Don't forget to visit Kendrick and Sean - Keith this SUNDAY NIGHT at... 
Murray box reaction to winning the 3rd set #USOpen - Kim Sears and Frank Lampard make an appearance. 
Wanna Remind the Twitt-O-Sphere to Add @user and Get a Copy of Nappy D Before the Big #SMTA of NAPOLEON DYNAMITE on Sunday the 4th!!! 
Currently singing the 2nd and 3rd voice of Bad Blood. #ThinkWeCanSolveEm 
"Wi a live up the higt life, smoke from day till twilight, smoke from night till sun light...(8) #Movado -high like" 
Did you know that 'Nicki' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 1 for 4 hours in Las Vegas? #trndnl 
Do you even Eric Church bruh??? 
"Fall out of Dar es Salaam draw: Super Eagles manager, Sunday Oliseh, has declared that he is not losing sleep ... 
Anyone going to the ASAP concert tomorrow? 
"S.L. @user Back to Edmonton, Canada!...who's going!.... July 21st muddafuggaz!  (Shannon Leto on... 
When nobody realizes Tom Brady isn't suspended and you get him in the 6th round in fantasy football. #SportsMediaUF 
Seth Rollins looks pretty strong in this match to say he has no help! He may win this clean!  Who am I kidding... CENAWINSLOL  #SummerSlam 
Free Music on the Bandstand at DLWP this Sat. The Equatorial Group. 'Sounding like Crazy Horse colliding with Fleetwood Mac on a dusty road' 
I want a Windows 7 tablet for my birthday because....Windows 8 beta may land the same month...maybe. 
"Music Friday: Rolling Stone magazine recently named Andra Day one of the ""10 New Artists You Need to Know,"" and... 
Kristen Stewart flew all the way to Hungary from LA to celebrate her 20th bday w/ Robert Pattinson who’s actually filming Bel Ami der #FACT 
Murray and Anderson going to 3rd set tiebreak. 
Ally McCoist has told the Sunday Mail he hopes Rangers can adopt a youth development model similar to Porto, Ajax and PSV 
"Apparently Floyd Mayweather has a net worth is $400 million, Pacquiao has a net of $190 million. Shows the difference between 1st and 2nd." 
"As of right now it's Drake, Kendrick, and Cole.  That 4th spot is still available...or they might be the Holy Trinity." 
So deeply sadden for Kathie Gifford and her family at the loss of Frank Gifford today. May prayers be with you all #RIPFrankGifford 
"The raw beauty of Ghosts of the Great Highway and April is so much better than ""Milk, a dozen eggs, cat food/ I saw Nirvana on TV in 1992""" 
Getting ready to call #BlueJays at #Rangers on @user Radio with @user David Price (30th birthday) vs Colby Lewis from Globe Life Park 
"you don't usually get a tough opponent till week 2, Murray's had 3 in the 1st week. Whoever heard of having to play 7 top 40 players to win" 
Supporters that are supporting Ted Cruz, Rick Perry, &amp; Sarah Palin &amp; family-should look at the facts that their employer may think your also 
What time is Arsenal vs Stoke on Saturday and what TV channel is it on? - #afc 
NEW MIXTAPE MONDAY!!! HOSTED BY @user and Trina!!! I KEEPS it moving!!!! 
"Carolus Linnaeus, the 1st to establish a precise biological system for naming organisms by genera and species, is born on 5/23/1707." 
@user @user @user @user sure, in exactly the same way that Thursday is proof that Thor exists." 
Boko Haram may well be on the run. Yet Idriss Deby's claim that Shekau has been replaced by Mahamet Daoud is subjec to confirmation. 
"#BARCELONA: left back Jordi Alba is out of game vs #Getafe through illness but, skipper Carles Puyol is back for the Saturday encounter." 
NCS Round 1: MV soccer @ Calistoga. Jags down 2-1; few minutes left in the 1st half. 
"Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch, and this Sunday... I'm gonna make sure mine." *drops mic* DAAAAAMN Cena. #RAW 
"Is John Kasich, the 16th Republican to run for president, conservative enough for 2016 voters? 
UCLA football may move Brett Hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks 
An eclipse is just the sun's attempt to hide from Chuck Norris 
Briana may be pregnant just not with Louis baby 
Japan's post-disaster growth strategy: The Great East Japan Earthquake on 11 March 2011 was the biggest earthqua... 
"Seth Rollins may have lost, but he broke Cena!  #RAWSanJose" 
Shoutout to all the boyfriends that treat they girl like everyday is Valentine day instead just on Feb 14.. if so I salute chaa.. 
"Carlo Ancelotti: """"Iker Casillas will play tomorrow because Keylor Navas only arrived back to the team yesterday afternoon."""" #HalaMadrid" 
When the song on Paper Towns isn't the Fourth Of July track and your just so confused BC they sound exactly the same. 
Iran ready to deal with oil at $30: Iran said on Tuesday that it had provided the required preparations to dea... /articles/iran/103822 
@user So, like a bar pie, but with disgusting cheese.  As a fan of a major city's 2nd team, I have deep sympathy for White Sox fans." 
Cowboys vs Chargers on the practice field today and tomorrow. Play Sunday night 7:00 pm central at Cowboys Stadium. 
Hate to say it but Paul Dunne may not even be leading amateur. Oliver Schneiderjens in the clubhouse on -9 for the tournament... #TheOpen 
@user Oh, I got ham. And I ate Reggie’s ham. And I ate Brian’s ham. Tomorrow I’m getting more bc my dad said he’s going to the store! 
@user @user I’m just suggesting it for the sake of completeness, a la Polaris’s May 31st deadline & Academy Awards’ Dec. 31. 
guys remember that tomorrow is the last day you can donate to Pennies for Polio!! 
@user a family friend may not know much about Islam rules or may lie or it could be someone who wanna do bad things on their name!! 
i think ima take Milan to the fair tomorrow 
"Sunday Oliseh, Jay Jay Okocha: Super Eagles coach refutes rift with Okocha.... 
"It's Sunday, guess I should be prepared for Christians tweets the whole day." 
Today's Google Offer in Seattle - Up to 50% off at the Seattle Aquarium 
"Los Angeles, Calif. (KTLA) A magnitude 3.9 earthquake jolted parts of the Los Angeles area on Sunday morning at  ...  
"Kanye West married a Kardashian and now he thinks he's ""the man"" and wants to rule the World as President?  I mean C'MON MAN!!" 
@user @user  De Gea is trapped right now.  If Real Madrid dont come back in January, his only option is to renew with United." 
November 11 you’ll probably see me at the House Of Blues. #MP #TheMaine 
SS4 - 1 Mikko 10.45,9 - 2 Petter +0,2 - 3 Novikov +2,5 - 4 Mads +6,9 with puncture. Still 3rd O/A. Latvala stopped. #rallyitalia 
Very saddened at the loss of Frank Gifford. Monday Night Football and Wide World of Sports. Some of you may remember his call of Evel's jump 
[#Latestnews] Funes Mori could make Everton debut against Chelsea - Martinez: Sept 9 (Reuters) - Ramiro Funes ... 
James Harrison exploring whether he can recoup fine money from years past in wake of Tom Brady decision: 
"Real Madrid away printings are now available, print any name you want on your away or 3rd jersey now 
@user Read the 14th amendment. Or maybe you should just read what the SCOTUS says: 
That sense of accomplishment when you've sat in front of your computer for 2 hours straight Apple Watch says you've met your exercise goal. 
@user am just going to be hanging at my mom's for the week. Ross arrives the 26th and we go straight to Vegas. 
Would you rather be a Muslims 1st wife or 16th wife I rli just duno 
@user They launched the day of the Carling Cup Final, did you not see the Dont Buy The Sun posters? #DontBuyTheSunANYDAY #JFT96 
Conor McGregor is done with the vision once he defeats Jose Aldo Junior but may grant Frankie "The Answer" Edgar... 
"#BioDiversity #Human  Floyd Mayweather may know who Ronda Rousey is, but he certainly doesn't seem to care. In...  
Are they holding the Davis Cup semi at the US Open?! @user v @user , 1st round. Later: Anderson, Wawrinka, Federer, Djokovic? 
"So, if you have to go to work on a Saturday, what better way to start the journey, than with Nirvana? @user 
BREAKING.. Apparently Jeremy Kyle is set to star in the 7th Star Wars film by Disney.  He’s going to try and find Luke’s REAL father. 
TELL YOUR FRIENDS TELL YOUR FAMILY TELL YOUR MAMA!!! HEY DON’T FORGET Friday the 21st @ 5:00 Harold Washington... 
@user @user it sets a dangerous example...not all may be as lucky as Yakub to have an old letter to rescue. 
Who to the bell game tomorrow though 
'Ryan Braun' appeared on Monday 13 at the 11th place in the Top20 of Milwaukee's Trends: #trndnl 
On Friday I heard from the paddock talk that Nissan considers a 5 stop strategy while Lexus &amp; Honda were still uncertain. #supergt 
There is no compulsion in the religion. OUR JOB IS TO CONVEY - NOT TO CONVERT May Allah guide us all to Islam..... 
@user Hi guys I changed my tarif over to fix and reward sept 16 and it came with a Amazon voucher when will I receive this ? 
"Moto G 3rd Gen, Moto X Play, Moto X Style: which one is for you? #android #feedly" 
"Floyd Mayweather will step into the ring for the 49th time on Sunday, September 13, where he will take on Andre... 
"Try as hard as you may, you are going to walk in the flesh at times &amp; sin. ""Christians at best are people, and people at best are sinners.""" 
Little Mix are going to be on Kyle and Jackie O tomorrow morning :) 
Check Out: "Siri on the iPhone 6S may be always listening for your voice" 
Does it really take Justin Bieber to remind us how great our NHS is? Sigh....(thanks Justin.) 
Back in Thunderbolt with @user at Wilmington River before sitting down for Sunday supper with the parents. 
Did anyone tell Dustin Johnson that it was only the 3rd round today? 
@user Pls RT - Bolton Society for Blind People are bringing Vegas to Bolton with a Charity Dinner on 23 Sep 
"Moms gone, it's National Ice Cream Day, and school starts tomorrow.  This is Dinner.  #Ben #Jerry 
"You know most people who call you ""KPOP"" or ""EXO"" are your boy classmates. cr.alyssa v.Azrael, skylar v.Yushi April v. Ugh" 
@user Ron Francis. Mario Lemieux and Jaromir Jagr took all the scoring titles, yet Ron sits 4th all time in scoring." 
"Shawn got up when Macklemore sat down and he came over so nervous and shook his hand and said ""Hi nice to meet you I'm Shawn Mendes""" 
"FEC hold farewell session for Maku, Obanikoro, five others: President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday led the F... 
Okay given the fact that there was a shooting at pnc on Monday night I'm a lil scared for MetLife everyone be safe 
Elon University’s colors are maroon and gold. We want to see some green, white and orange tomorrow at 7:30. 
New Post: Homeschool Friday - Beginning of the week we did a little book on Martin Luther King Jr. find the... 
"briana and louis' child, which they've both decided to name Jungleworms is expected to be born on February 16th 2017, after the break" 
I highly recommend anyone who cheers on Oracle suing Android over Java APIs to listen to the latest @user 
Let's hope the match between Cyborg and Rousey doesn't happen 5 years too late like Pac-May. 
@user Do u remember this?performing at the Givenchy #GRTmilano17 party in Milan, Italy . (Sept. 25th) 
Dang. Kris Bryant's in like a month and a half slump. Will bounce back. Guaranteed. Those guaranteeing ROY may want him to hit again though. 
I just have to remember to go online tomorrow and watch Grey’s Anatomy , Scandal , &’ Vampire Diaries . 
Need a Friday marathon one of these weekends. Just laugh while Ice Cube's belly gradually grows and his mean mug gets meaner with each movie 
"Govt, RBI working on new policy framework: Rajan: RBI governor Raghuram Rajan on Thursday said the central ban... 
"Bruh if Kendrick brings out the rest of TDE tomorrow, I'll die on the spot." 
@user going by the 14th amendment, denying gay marriage would infringe on the rights of people under the jurisdiction of the U.S." 
Dustin Johnson to have an insane 1st round then bottle it 
did jessie almost faint at MetLife too the world may never know 
When non-mooslims make deals with Islam - might want to remember doctrine of Taqiyah. #allowed2lietonon-Muslim RT: 
@user the donations for Niall's guitar and letters to go into his guitar is closed because the guitar is being dropped off tomorrow 
"Title for Title match, winner take all, will it be Seth Rollins or will John Cena become 16th time World Champ &amp; tie Ric Flair?! #SummerSlam" 
And remember: Donald Trump said recently he supports Affirmative Action.  
"kickback tomorrow for everyone that's not going to #ProjectTx right across the street from Nitemoves ,DM for more info." 
You talk about tyga and Kylie but forget that when jay z was a high school senior Beyonce was in 1st grade 
"With two outs in the 1st, Ryan Braun hustles out a double to right-center. #Brewers" 
"RECAP: ESPY Awards 2012 - In case you missed the ESPY Awards,held in LA last Friday - here are the... 
My first semester as a college student is about to end and all my savings will disappear tomorrow all because of The Vamps nice 
Released 1st Open Source version of Karm. A Task management application in Lua. Check it out 
"Los Angeles Galaxy vs Colorado Rapids - Game Preview - On Friday, September 14th, the  Colorado Rapids  will travel ... 
Tomorrow is another big day for ICC. The Appeals Chamber will rule on whether the Trial judges were right to compel witness against Ruto. 
"I'm going to Sam Smith at Austin City Limits Festival in Austin, TX - Oct 10 
@user went to a flat party on tuesday cos it was hustles halloween party...didnt actually make it to hustle though :/ #drunken you? 
"BREAKING: Ian Thorpe steps out with confidence, papped for the 1st time since revealing he's gay at @user 
I have to wake up at 7 tomorrow. I gotta be at the Pomona Fairplex by 9:45 
86% of the men that showed up for the million man march were Christians so Who really made the call!? It was God Himself! #NOISunday 
@user Obama postpones political trip on Wednesday to convene White House meeting about Ebola outbreak: White House (Na serious Mata o) 
is Niall gonna have his 22nd in la with his celeb friends 
who’s going Joseph Wright tomorrow? 
"Check out #5 in the conference power rankings! We're coming for you next, Big Ten. #MACtion 
I want to play FIFA but I don't want to lose my 3rd place spot in Serie A and let the people of Milan down smh 
@user just added a game with Curtis for April 1st. No fooling. 
@user Do you want to see Ant-Man on Tues? 
First lady Michelle Obama gave a passionate keynote address at the first White House Tribal Youth Gathering in Washington on Thursday. 
The last two guys fighting for the immunity idol on Survivor were Jeff & Carter & the 1st thing I think of was Jeff Carter from the LA Kings 
One of the events that woke me up to Islam sleep well little angels  
I sat in the dark for two hours and listened to kendrick 
Come and check out UFC 134 this Saturday Night at Wings U at 8pm! Anderson Silvia Vs. Yushin Okami for the World Middle Weight Championship! 
@user "Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch. But this Sunday in gonna make you mine." SCRIPTED. Well delivered. But scripted. 
@user Have you heard this Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole Black Friday? Lol 
Beenie Man will be performing at Echostage (DC Star) next friday for the HU Yardfest Afterparty (18+ event) contact @user for tickets 
Tomorrow: Crazy Cavalier Day Wednesday: Dr. D’s Bowtie day Thursday: America Day Friday: Spirit Day 
Harrisburg scores two runs with two outs in top of 5th to take 2-0 lead against Prince George's County. #PGRBI @user 
Should you upgrade from #Adobe #CS6 Suite? CS6 came out before the 1st iPad mini was released, in the same month Facebook bought Instagram! 
Kris Bryant breaks-up no hitter in the 5th by hitting a baseball 500 feet off the left field video board. #NBD #Cubs 
"Sam Smith is only 4th man to sing the theme solo, joining Tom Jones, Paul McCartney (w/Wings), and Chris Cornell/" 
So if Floyd Mayweather wins against Berto &amp; ultimately ends up retiring undefeated he will be the 13th undefeated fighter in #boxing history 
John Kasich is now the 16th major Republican running for president #SocialMedia via 
New poll places Kasich 10th in GOP field: Ohio Gov. John Kasich narrowly made the top ten among Republican pre... 
Kris Bryant's dizzyness Sunday and HBP on the hand yesterday are concerning. I think he could benefit from 2-4 days off. 
"The Bee Gees' third album was called ""Bee Gees' 1st"" when in fact, as I have just said, it was their third album. #beegeesthirdalbum" 
After the Blood Moon comes the Pumpkin Sun 
"Kendrick's Black Friday goes so fucking hard, and over Cole's beat just makes it better." 
...just like an electable leader of the Labour Party who isn't Tony Blair... 
Strong 2nd set by Dons evens it at 1-1 vs BYU. Let's finish this one out here at The Hilltop! #godons #aimhigher. 
"Yakub, the lone death row convict in the Mumbai blasts case, was hanged in Nagpur Central Prison on Thursday.  
#Indians Francisco Lindor is out of the Indians' starting lineup Tuesday night against the White Sox.  
If you're not on curtis or wagner vars you have no say in whats going on friday period 
"McAllen native Ylianna Guerra, the 1st runner up in the Miss USA pageant, arrives today at 2 p.m. at McAllen... 
8/7/11 Stoke beat Hajduk Split 1-0, 2nd Q Round of the Europa League. The Potters’ first game in the competition in 37 years. #thankyouTony 
New Main Terrain Art Park coming to the Southside #Cha 
"Bioshock Infinite release date February 23. """"Would you kindly...."""" just get here, already!" 
We may have lost the football game but at least we know the difference between Gucci and Chanel 
@user I’ve paid a few quid for a Jim White record if I recall correctly but I’m not in the biz so i may well be missing the point. 
Dunno why I didn't think of downloading the Netflix app to watch pretty little liars whilst sunbathing until the 4th day of the holiday 
"RT @user The mantra from Republicans to Democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan" 
"Twins have three hits against Chris Sale in the 2nd inning, including Escobar's RBI single for a 1-0 lead over the White Sox." 
"Finally, on the 5th attempt, Anderson wins the second set 6-3, serving his 12th ace for the match to lead 2 sets to love against Murray." 
"Miss Justin Bieber could make such confidence in time she answered by endeavouring to its walls, while _you_ may view from" 
@user Is there a screening tomorrow for the Capitol one fixture? 
CLASSIC HITS UK just played - Bee Gees - First Of May 
Austealian's may support Euthanasia even Gay rights and a Republic but the current PM will ensure it doesn't come easily. #qanda 
"An gay man though may not be cr!minal, 0ne or m0re less had m0re than an n0rmal l!fe epxerience in the pasta." 
@user Jurassic Park, I just saw the Friday movies a few months ago, Pitch Perfect, Fight Club, The Matrix, LOTR.. 
A Sun Enterprise 450 may not be ideal for deploying Oracle databases anymore, but it makes a decent end table to go next to your couch. 
"Scott Walker: Need to secure the border, enforce laws before talking about birthright citizenship via @user 
"Hear the new Iron Maiden record ""Book Of Souls""  Thurs Sep 3rd 7:30 pm &amp; be entered to win the entire Maiden catalog! 
@user @user @user well if thats the case the Kane and Eriksen got us out of the shit last season and got us 5th not Poch 
How about Paul Dunne from @user at the #OpenChampionship at #StAndrews 1st amateur since Bobby Jones in '27 to lead after 54 holes. 
13 May 2012 Begins my run of teaching Happiest Baby on the Block at Arnold Rec Center. Pregnant Moms & Dads,... 
Going out tomorrow for the first time in 11 days to my dads for dinner first watching Dons v Preston on Sky Sports 2 tho #SteppingStones 
"Did you know that Doug Wead and Jeremy Richter, the short film """"Elektable"""" out June 28, is going to be doing a... 
remember last new years and I sat there for 2 hours watching Kasabian live at the O2 
@user @user its better you come tan at Hollywood Tans in JBR instead of burning in this MAD sun...call us on 04 458 4004 
#1: The 2nd Law [Explicit]: The 2nd Law [Explicit] Muse | Format: MP3 Download  1 day in the top 100 (1)Download... 
Is it fair to expect more from Christians at the work place? More on that this Sunday. #GospelAtWork 
Omg, Bullet For My Valentine are coming to the Netherlands march 21th. I might attend that one too :P 
The Age Of #Monsanto Is Over!   Tami Monroe Canal, the founder of March Against Monsanto talks about the end of... 
"ES Open Interest. +74K new shorts on Wednesday, -64K short covering yesterday. Not that many shorts out there, today its all about the Bulls" 
Saturday has been reserved for the Eagles of Death Metal. 
@user hi, will extra trains be put on from Edinburgh-Fife next Tuesday after the Foo Fighters gig?" 
Come celebrate India's Independence Day at New Jersey's Official  India Day Parade on August 14th 2pm Oak Tree Road in the Iselin sectio ... 
"Log out no one in naruto is stronger then goku, the fuckery wlh 
Nicki and Miley left nothing to the imagination at Sunday night's VMA's. 
who ever wins LSU vs Bama this saturday is going to the National Championship 
@user @user @user Monday is the tournament.  Weight class Negros. #whoboutit 
Our Annual 'Count Your Losses Sale' runs through Sunday October 19th   For every loss your NFL team has - you... 
"Frank Ocean, I think we need to have a talk. It's not you, it's me  
"Norman Reedus, 'The Walking Dead' cast crash the audience at Paleyfest New York (bostonherald): Share With Fri... 
@user - Nope. As soon as I heard that Wayne was planning to drop his album on iTunes the night after the VMA's I KNEW he was trying... 
 Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday (A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix) (Lyrics on screen) via @user  King kunta the GOAT 
3 hrs to go before the 2nd to the last episode! Wherever You Are Josh Bradley | David Archuleta In Nandito Ako | Alwyn Ana RS In TV5 Manila 
Did you know that 'David Price' was Trending Topic on Saturday 22 for 7 hours in Canada? #trndnl 
"IRENE+JIMMY who married in Bhutan, had a 2nd wedding in Taipei. Couldnt make it but our associates MC & Jean-Michel did:http://t.co/3fMmEu2S" 
Curtis may remain #Swans boss until the new year as manager search goes on via @user 
@user fans on TV before the 3rd & 16 late in Q4 had the """"oh no, here we go again"""" look." 
The footage was shot in January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks Viral 
Considering the size of our squad these days, we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to Tayside on Saturday. #hmfc 
@user I’ve only just begun! I miss putting in 10 hour shifts on 3rd floor Paterno... Not really though. 
@user and Wichita Wild still tied 14-14 at the end of the 1st quarter. @user 
@user we're reviewing Paper Towns on saturday. I know you're not on the show, just sayin'" 
"All presidents of American except one are or have been related to the Monarchy. David Cameron is her 5th cousin... 
@user @user  if your around this weekend were playing in Claytons on Sunday night about 9 
Samsung launches Galaxy Note 5 phablet: Samsung on Monday launched its next phablet - the Galaxy Note... #4G #LTE 
@user are you having a sneaky Monday night drink Murray? 
"I'm not kidding, the White Sox are running a promotion called ""Selfie Sunday"". And they wonder why they're the 2nd team in the 2nd city" 
India has old ties with Iran. Lot of us speak Urdu which has a lot of Farsi in it.  
"RT @user I saw Kayvan Novak tonight aka Phonejacker aka the guy from the film Four Lions. 1st thing I said to him was ""Rubber ..." 
"The Emmy's seem mostly a bore, but the women (including Amy Poelher and Melissa McCarthy) brought their A game tonight." 
Next Friday at Airline Skate Center ,Micheal Jackson tribute night. Friday Night 7-11 , Ill be on the 1s & 2s. 
##$$## Black Friday Deals Samsung UN46ES7500 46 inch 240hz 1080p 3D Wifi LED HDTV Bundled with Samsung's BD-E6500 3D... 
"Friday morn #edurebelplaylist  is all about """"Good Riddance"""" by Green Day. Adieu. @user @user @user @user 
Is it true that Zayn might be performing tomorrow at the VMAS 
Hahahahahahahah no but it may be a threat to Nintendo ;P  
"Selling a Zac brown band ticket for the 3rd, message me if you're interested." 
3rd round co-leader amateur Paul Dunne shot a +6  to finish in 30th place after realizing he is amateur Paul Dunne. 
Red Sox have runners at 1st and second in the bottom of the 3rd. 
Tony Barrett: Hodgson plans to attend the QPR game on Sunday &amp; meet Rodgers afterward to hold talks &amp; settle... 
"Home opener Saturday at 7, post-game skate with team as they look for 2-0 start. Tickets at Maverik Center and 
Jennifer Aniston takes the plunge is low-cut, sexy outfit. Too much? See #Ottawa Sun photo gallery & vote. 
@user Savageries were used by all in the 7th century. Adopting them today as examples to imitate by true Muslims is the problem. 
So what do you think about Black Friday by Kendrick 
If the deal between Sabres/Oilers is Gagner and a 3rd for Sekera and Adam. I would think the deal would be done tomorrow, no reason to wait. 
Friday night’s concert with White Collar Side Show! 
@user I'm about to be an old lady soon and watch Big Brother with some sprite. May get frisky and have some soup. 
@user Btw, am at The Ladykillers tomorrow. Are you going to that one?" 
I wish i could listen to kpop during the exam tomorrow 
John Cena Hits Jon Stewart with 'Attitude Adjustment' on Monday Night Raw #CenavsStewart #AA #WWEMondayNightRaw 
one time on December 21 2007 i made a post on a message board with david bowie's Five Years embedded in it.  that's all we've got 
"I saw Ant-Man on Friday night, but peeked in the showing of SOC to see the response. Packed showing with racial mix. 
"5SOS is not the ""new"" MCR or the ""new"" Nirvana. They may have been inspired by said bands, but they will never be them. They are simply 5SOS" 
@user Riot Fest fans hear every kind of rock under the sun - Chicago Sun-Times: 
Ortiz Belts 30th Home Run In Red Sox' Win Over Phillies: ... homers to become the 27th player in MLB... #MLBStats 
Show in Troy tomorrow come and see me say you saw the facebook post and get 10% off your purchase.  3179... 
.@JB17Official has become the 1st footballer @user Sports,owned by legendary rapper Jay-Z #topfootballfacts 
I’m hearing Diamonds just entered the U.s top 5 and that Rih is coming to SNL the 10th, is this true? 
Fun Friday: a long procession of elementary school children march along the Ring Road in Iqaluit at around 3:15... 
I'm headed to the Oct 26 Crab Feast at Jimmy's in Dundalk MD with New Generation Ministries at the Metroplex with... 
ALL 49’ers fans, go vote for @user for the 2013 Pro Bowl. you may vote as many times as you like. 
Welp time to launch Tom Brady into the sun: 
Lady Gaga on the set of 'American Horror Story: Hotel' recording the 7th episode 'Flicker' 
Preparing for some Jack White action tomorrow night by listening to the his setlist from Dublin. 
Not even a year after the Charlie Hebdo attack (Jan 2015). 
@user @user I have a date tonight in Denver watching my Denver Broncos cream the New Orleans Saints! Spent Sat. on Dashboard. 
Kristen Bell for Clarice Starling on Hannibal in the imaginary 4th season that will never exist. 
i shall now spend the rest of the night on Netflix. #addiction 
Dustin Johnson will pound the driver on Monday and must make big putts early. #Spieth will handle the pressure. Watch out for Goosen. 
@user the 6th chapter talks about malcolm x and I think martin luther king,.he kinda contrasts them 
"I'm going to Stray From the Path at Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, IN - Oct 10 
"Udhampur terror attack: Yakub produced in Patiala House court  New Delhi, Aug 17 (UNI) Mohammad Naved Yakub, the... 
"2Pac may be dead but there is someone alive and kicking, you know who this is, Kanye West." 
AND that's also pretty much the deal I missed out on during the Amazon Prime day sale. ....ah, I get paid friday. What the heck! 
@user hi there! Tom in Radnor and sat Mutt Strut, the pump chip. Not sure on the bacon.  I just threw out bc of the storm. 
@user  Rob mentioned it in his Sept 24th email to CES members. 
@user If I may be so bold, the state of the current WWE product can be reflected in the health of Undertaker's physical being." 
@user tell everyone that is wanting to do Jags that we’re starting pratices this Sunday from 3-6 at the Greenville gym. 
Microsoft are suffering an outage this evening with their UK & European cloud services including Hosted Exchange. 
David Wright will start for the New York Mets on Monday @user 
"ONE FC 6: Rise of Kings is scheduled to blow the roof of the Singapore Indoor Stadium on Saturday, October 6." 
I am going to see PAPER TOWNS tomorrow. Wanna come with? @user 
Photos: Wahala wa o!!! Caitlyn Jenner wears a swimsuit in public for the 1st time #USA #UK #DXB #Dubai #MyDubai #UAE 
"Organisers of the annual Africa International Film Festival have revealed Kunle Afolayan's October 1, Lancelot... 
"Conrad Murray's trial is set for September 8th, it will be shown on live television. I am watching it. #JusticeForMJ" 
"1st it was my boss, then my cousin and now Chuck Norris has the ""taxi"" song stuck in his head :/ @user @user 
"Duke Energy CEO to speak in Raleigh Thursday: Jim Rogers, the newly installed chief executive of Duke Energy Pro... 
@user @user How much was he signed for? Did it make a dent in Mr King's warchest or is he going back to Arsenal in January? 
@user In 8th grade I learned that SCOTUS rulings have the force of law. They never got that far. 
"NthLondonAppleRepair Your 3rd gen. iPad with Retina display is worth a lot of money, especially at Amazon 
Sam Smith tonight. Probs won't have a voice tomorrow. 
@user Will do brothaaa. I might be going to the Ohio State vs. NKU game on December 1st @user 
MADRID, Aug 27 (Reuters) - Sevilla have completed the signing of forward Fernando Llorente from Juventus and the 30-year-old former Spain 
President Obama on Thursday named former Microsoft and FCC executive Steven VanRoekel as the new federal Chief Information Officer (CIO). 
"Center Stage with Mark Gordon live Tues. at 7PM (PST) on KXLU Los Angeles, 88.9 FM and feat. Interviews with filmmakers" 
Chigozie Agbim and Chibuzor Okonkwo left the shores of Nigeria on Sunday morning to team up with the Super Eagles ahead of Tuesday's intern 
So John Kasich is the 3rd @user host to bid for 2016 GOP nom for president? Or am I missing someone? 
St.Lucie Mets take a 5-3 lead to the 7th inning.  David Wright will lead off the bottom of the inning. 
"Why Jason just said Cole and Kendrick dropping the album I'm February. He's like go listen to Black Friday, it's the last thing he says" 
Hanging with Tony & Cherie Blair. Got papped. Average Wednesday night stuff... #politics 
May be not Sachin, but Virat Kohli definitely reminds one of Ricky Ponting. The authority with which he makes his strokes quite similar... 
Hold up!! I can’t make plans for tomorrow.. tomorrow it’s game time.. 3:30pm >.> Knicks vs Heat.. 
Gotta get my liver/kidneys ready for Saturday -- Cinco de Mayo! Or, as I call it, National Margarita Day #2. 
And I thought Tsarnaev on the Rolling Stone was bad. 
"The Rock waded into Hulk Hogan's ongoing racism controversy Thursday, telling reporters he was ""pretty disappo... 
When will the damn stupid GOP apologize 4 the lousy pact they made during Obama's 1st Inaugural Address? They ought 2 man up and apologize 
"Love, Joy, Feminism Women Over There Have It Worse!: As some of you may know, Bill Maher ... via @user 
Can we just take a moment and realize Halloween is  a Friday 
Anyone interested to find out about the new iPhone - livestream from 5pm UK time on any Apple device 
Angela Merkel at the 3rd National Electric Mobility Conference in Berlin #emobility 
"Coach Sunday Oliseh has assured Nigerians that the Super Eagles is primed for the big time again, saying that he... 
Just $6.99 for the Hebrew Crash Course by Friday. Get Survival Phrases for the iPad or Mac: 
#ff @user for securing the historic vote in Parliament on Monday to recognise Palestine. 
Headlines: Nadal confirms for Mexican Open in February: Rafael Nadal plans to play at the Mexican Open in Februa... 
"Got bored, so I read Twilight and now I want a vampire bf ugh it's 8th grade all over again :/" 
Guys help me out.  Sunday should I wear the Brock Lesnar Suplex City shirt or Dean Ambrose? 
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian share a laugh during the show on Sunday night 
"Pavol Demitra with the Blues: 5th in scoring ALL TIME with 493 points in 494 games, 2000 Lady Byng Trophy, & 3 All Star Games in 8 seasons." 
Cloud Computing and Big Data Strategy: In this CEO Power Panel at the 10th International Cloud Expo, moderated b... 
Last chance for you to book in for our Bob Marley showtime tomorrow night! Fizz on arrival and a four course meal... 
"Barry and Alan are on your Sunday Night Request Show and about to launch into some Nirvana and ""Come As You Are""  Head banging optional..." 
Making an effort to use my PS Vita a bit more. Only use it for FIFA  at the moment! Gonna give a few demos a try. 1st Silent Hill BOM :-) 
It’s wednesday!! You know what that means.... new episodes of The Challenge: Battle of the Seasons & American Horror Story: Asylum!! 
"Ice Cube the GOAT for writing most of ""Straight Out Of Compton"" and ""Friday""." 
@user @user  Sister, if you really want to understand Islam, you have to read its 1st source: 
Janet Jackson Pens Letter To Aaliyah on 14th Anniversary of Her Death  The note reads:   What I shared with you... 
Jack and the Beanstalk at Winspear Opera House kind of a Saturday 
"UN chief heads to Japan as nuclear crisis simmers: UN chief Ban Ki-moon arrives in Japan on Sunday, where he pla... 
@user F3 bro from @user is cooking in the FiddleNPig shindig BBQ peoples choice comp w/Holy Smoke team Sat in Ft Mill Google it 
@user lol remember Zayn's old tweet that said to watch out for august 21st that's what we're joking about 
Sunday Supplement. Is Bale in the same class as Messi and Ronaldo?! "He's knocking on the door" don't make me laugh. Over hyped as always 
Some girl tried to tell me that Paul McCartney was playing the Perry stage tomorrow.  Like what? 
If you ever wanna believe The Sun just remeber that they once wrote about Zayn and Louis secretly getting married in Thailand... 
The boys will be filming a golf themed video tomorrow at the same hotel where Tom Cruise is staying at in London. via E News 
@user  I might be going thursday to see the end of the Fausto Carmona era in CLE and to see Verlander, straight filthy stuff" 
@user How does it compare to Diablo III (regardless of how fair that comparison may be)? 
Ay up @user You still want me to get you a pair of tickets for the Sunderland match on 2nd Jan (7.45pm ko)? 
Nikon has once again proven it’s a small world after all with the latest ... - Herald Sun 
Ed Sheeran is gonna be here tomorrow and I'm not going and that makes me really sad. 
"LADIES  Grab a jacket, and head out to Redbone's Grill and Bar for WORKING WOMENS TUESDAY!!  So what if it's a... 
Do you have the Colts or Bengals this Sunday? We want to know why! 
Conor McGregor on the front pages of Irish papers. This sort of stuff is still surreal.  
Really want to go see Ed Sheeran on September 20th in Toronto :( 
me Sam and Curtis sat outside the fire station for over an hour at 4am for no reason whatsoever 
"Althought the Jets may have won in the last hour against the Pats last season, no one should doubt how much this offseason has stirred up." 
"Younique by Christina Messina,my virtual party link is here: it will ship on Wednesday.https://www.y 
#HeraldHauntsCong  Law is equal for all may it be Sonia Gandhi or Rahul Gandhi 
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker talks with potential voters Wednesday - Quad City Times #scottwalker #politics 
If you haven't heard Black Friday by Kendrick and J Cole I suggest for you to listen to it. 
Go see the Marley Movie Wednesday night at the F.M. Kirby Center with George Wesley opening. You will be... 
I race the sun home in the morning and the moon up at night - Jennifer Lawrence 
Each January, a new FAFSA is available for the upcoming school year, and completing it is free when you go to the... 
Review : black friday 2012 Maxxima MLN-10 LED Night Light with Sensor (Pack of 4):  Find, shop, See Reviews , bu... 
Join us tomorrow Tuesday September 8th @ Hotel Estia for YOGA with Karin Stenstra. Time: 9:00 - 10:30 a.m. and... 
@user Nitish Kumar can't claim he has just become CM in Nov 15 He is CM of Bihar since last 10 yrs but this time with RJD &amp; Rahul Gandhi 
Cost-efficient iPS cells manufacture process developed; for myocardial cells with a 20th of conventional budget (NHK) 
do you work at Ihop tomorrow @user 
#Deadpool video game to be re-released on PS4 &amp; Xbox One on Nov. 17; Plus a statement from the man himself - 
Taroor shed tears for Yakub as Yakubs friends in Pakistan may have settled the Taroor &amp; Tarir issue to save him from some embarrassment. 
Checkers to move to South Division in 2012-13 - Last Thursday, the American Hockey League concluded its annual Board... 
Lost & found pic. 2nd day in Korea, breakfast at Olympic Park #korea #vacation #seoul #2012trip 
"The next #MarcoRubio? Ted Cruz, a #TeaParty Latino candidate, is trying to become the next U.S. Senator from #Texas. 
40 pitches in the 1st inning is not david price like 
The sun had set behind Granite House twenty minutes before, and the eastern horizon was darkening. 
Now it's the 4th time I've heard Ew! by Jimmy Fallon on iTunes Radio 
CME just sent notification they ARE closing equity futures/index markets Monday 8:15a and to reopen 5pm 
@user HELSINKI (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp on Friday confirmed it will close Nokia Oyj's form... #Gadgets 
"Can't watch Big Brother tomorrow night because of the Cowboys game, but it's also playing on ABC. #WTF #BB17 
"From the network that brought you Sharknado, comes Lavalantula  That's not even a joke, it's a real thing. Tomorrow night at 9" 
"White Sox get 3 hits, make 2 outs on bases that inning. Manage a run on Sanchez 2-out single to center. Soto in rundown to end 2nd. 1-0" 
@user Read the 14th Admendment, thats were SCOTUS says the power for Gay marriage lays. In the Due Process Clause and Equal Protection" 
@user is Thor's TIPI  at the Xmas market outside M and S - get them moving ( think it serves beer so they may run ) 
"Today, life will be just like an episode of 60 Minutes...but with a young, cheerful Andy Rooney." 
Pope simplifies Catholic marriage annulment: Pope Francis, making the most substantial changes to Catholic mar... 
"Still tied up at 1 in Orono between Stony Brook and Maine, more balanced play from both teams in the 2nd half, 14 min left to play. #gomaine" 
Don’t flirt with disaster! Get you tickets quick for MOLLY HATCHET at UNDERWORLD - 1 Dec 
#Rangers - Josh Hamilton is not in the Rangers starting lineup on Sunday. #winning 
Taiwan court extends ex-leader’s jail term - TAIPEI: Taiwan’s high court said Friday it has extended ex-leader Chen ... 
Me:went on a ride with Chels in the Corvette and got Dunkin  @user just went makeup shopping  Neither of us are ready for tomorrow 
Mayweather congratulates and insults Rousey at the same time:  Floyd Mayweather may know who... #AndroidPortfolio 
Did you know that 'Murray' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 8 for 4 hours in Edinburgh? #trndnl 
Let's talk Randy orton v. John cena circa when I cared about wrestle and Monday Night Raw 
"In the early days of WCW Monday Nitro, why did Hulk Hogan never carry his heavyweight championship with him?" 
Last day of la county fair from the skyline ride! @user #lacountyfair #sunday #sunday @ Pomona Fairplex 
"Yes I have a final tomorrow, but more importantly I need the Kim Kardashian emojis." 
More pics of Niall and Liam at the U.S. open SEP 02.  #OTRABuffalo #LouisBackTo1D 
Red Sox Rick Porcello and his 13K's and 2 unearned runs deserved a better fate. 3-1 Yankees in the 9th. 
Elton will be performing a solo piano set at the Elton John AIDS Foundation's gala benefit on Oct 28 in New York City 
Starting Monday working full time and going to school full time Ian going to get no sleep (Janet Jackson voice ) 
@user actually I was at the 3rd or 4th one. Do you remember which show was Milan? 
@user Donald Trump is a heavy weight. If he ever fell, it will be a big, tsunami fall. I am afraid he may bulldoze through. #BIAFRA 
Watching Red Tails ... for the 1st time 
My birthday tomorrow and if it doesn't get as much coverage as Prince George's I'm going to suspect this royalty thing really isn't fair. 
@user Paramount Theater or Old Cabell Hall at UVA - just off the top of my head. May be other possibilities 
"Oh look, Iran is actually complying with the Nuclear treaty agreement; #tcot" 
NW: Top Gear with Ed Sheeran's 1st driving lesson lol 
MLB News: David Wright Returning to New York Mets on Monday to Face Philadelphia Phillies: Much to the dismay ... 
@user   Daily Telegraph reports Angela Merkel has said the EU may be forced to bring back passport controls in the wake of the migration 
"New Delhi, July 26 (ANI): Senior lawyer K.T.S. Tulsi on Sunday said that the government should reconsider Yakub... 
@user calm down Niall she don't want 7th row tickets 
Looks like Rooney, RVP, Rio, Evra, Giggs and Young will all be rested tomorrow. Expecting a few of the youngsters to feature. #MUFC 
We may have just reached peak Sisi - "Egyptian state TV uses the Game of Thrones song to show off the new Suez Canal" 
Anniversary of miracle, national margarita day, and ash Wednesday. #celebration 
Buddy you need help so when is your uncle frank ocean releasing cause hahani Adele is going to take over  
@user we got to get that stuff for project , so tomorrow we can do it after weights and another NCAA Tournament  @user 
@user @user @user @user Sleepy already will just study HST tomorrow. Huhuhuhu isang malig desisyon ba tong gagawin ko. 
@user are you back at Volstead this Saturday?  Or still out of town killin it? 
"Left my niggas house paid , picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade - Ice Cube" 
A never-ending gold rush in China: China, the largest producer of gold, may also become the biggest ... CHINA DAILY 
The Knicks are practicing tomorrow now that their game against the Nets is postponed. 
Have a feeling Shotton will play RB tomorrow, just for the long throw. 
Narry shippers want Niall and Harry dead  
@user inspiring explanation of the party--not  funeral--they held to celebrate Frank Gifford's life.   
"There's a """"day"""" for everything: Today is International Talk Like a Pirate Day and the 30th anniversary of the... 
"(Nicki chuckled.) So, you just got here in Sun City? 
Fuck that I want David Price's 11s 
if I DO get the pjob in bristol at espn all yall gotta come party with me before i leave.  I would let yall know asap. and the night before 
The Apple Watch has drastically lowered sales of this product: It may be unsurprising that the Apple AA... #Apple 
Join us next Wed 1 Aug 4 the A-Z Cake Day! We r raising money 4 Moebius syndrome. Make a cake/s using a letter from the alphabet.11am-2pm. 
"Today was the 4th time that Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant homered on the same day, the first time since July 16 at the Indians. #Cubs" 
meatwadzone on PS4...... #StreakBum  Madden 16 is all about throwing up the ball on 3rd down and getting lucky. 
Recording the 4th episode of @user with Kyle and TJ tonight! @user VIPs will have it tomorrow. 
"On July 4th, I posted a video of the 80s pro wrestling entrance theme music of Hulk Hogan, titled 'I Am A Real... 
We are ranked 42. in life expediencies when Monsanto is in the top 5 with the most life expectancy  
Please note: today is Iron Maiden Monday simply because we think you should listen to Maiden today not 'cause there's anything you've missed 
"How about the @user gettin some recognition 10/10/2011 the Lions play on """"Monday night Football""""" 
"The Sun: ""1D's going to split up!"" Niall, Louis, Liam deny the split.. #OhNoTheSun  Us right now: 
"Would the bigger story be 3rd straight major for @user or win by an am from Ireland, Paul Dunne, @user Hmmm" 
Actress and comedian Amy Schumer shared an intimate portrait on Monday that he would try a last-ditch appeal to New Zealand's High Court. 
What a joke of a scorecard by Dustin Johnson. -4 today with a quadruple bogey 8 on the par 4 1st.  2 eagles on the back 9. #PGAChampionship 
I see the French Rail unions are striking on the 25th, do the French have Half Term or is it just aimed at the Brits? 
"So like next semester the music will progress to Dashboard Confessional, Taking Back Sunday, and Brand New?" 
will Brock Lesnar conquer Undertaker once again? or Undertaker rip Lesnar off? watch it on august 23rd #SummerSlam #WWENetwork 
Can someone please drive me and @user to and from Darien Lake tomorrow for Jason Aldean we will pay you!! 
Ex-#Britain PM Tony Blair held several hours of talks with #Turkey's leaders in Ankara on Thursday 
Okay the fact that Jay finally made and IG acct and is already saying his 1st is also his last... c'mon Shawn 
"Brothers please keep Sheikh Rabee in your dua, he has been sick since the day of Eid. May Allah make our beloved... 
Who's coming to Eldora Speedway tomorrow?! 8pm in the fan zone. Sponsored by Yuengling - come get ya one. 
Herald Sun: AFL stars make their UFC 152 picks: DANE Swan and Gary Ablett give us their pick... #sidebyside #gopies 
Roma (@ASRomaEN) defeat Juventus (@juventusfcen) 2-1 and gives them their 2nd straight loss of the season. 
So the Apple event stream doesn't allow it to be streamed in Chrome or Firefox, but does allow the Edge browser o.O 
Plus I missed the thespian Christmas party and I'm missing Kendrick Lamar tomorrow lame 
LIVE Stream: Monsanto scientist Dr. Frederick J. Perlak Saturday 11am (PST) #GMO #GMOS  Dr. Perlak led the... 
1977 Press Photo Ted Neeley in Rolling Stone the 10th Anniversary 
@user ok tomorrow Netflix and chill you'll get it then 
"One more game and @user are toast from the playoffs as @user beat New York 87-70 at MSG to lead series 3-0, Game 4 on ABC Sunday." 
#g8m Steve Emerson on SUN explains the riots and real motives #tcot #teaparty 
@user I don't know. She just recited Jay-Z to me. This may have yours beat for best reply. 
@user "" with me..naked? "" Thor rubbed his face and then sat down on the couch looking at him.." 
Fulfilled Prophecies of the 20th &amp; 21st Centuries America and Israel via @user 
"I may be failing AP Lang but I got a 99 in AP Stats, so it's gucci" 
"My tweets are so inconsistent.  I can go from ""Mon Scotland"" to ""Nirvana are amazing"" to ""I love Doctor Who"" in the space of 5 minutes." 
@user I may be the only human being in America never watched Seinfeld once, ditto, Friends, all those sitcoms. Only TV for sports. 
"Brewers beat the Pirates once again! Ryan Braun 3 Hits, Lucroy 3 RBI's and Adam Kind HR #18. Brewers 9 Pirates 4. Tomorrow on @user 
"Qingdao news, pics & more - Tracy McGrady wore snes with his picture on them during his 1st practice ...... #travelnews" 
being gay is a struggle. the person u like may never have mutual feelings bc she's straight #ShesKindaHotVMA 
Here's what a Charlie Hebdo cartoonist drew after the 2nd Paris attack in less than a year... @user 
Nor bond nor oath is set to further, than this one. May the skill of Men, Elves, Wizards, and free folk go with you. 
14-13 Shaker over Brush in the 3rd 
Gucci inexpressibles ego-id conflict profound secret august incarnate the distich yours heterotrophic organism... 
@user I'm going to auburn thursday now... 
"Now speaking at Labor Day breakfast, @user with 3rd reference to Tom Brady: ""He's a card carrying union member.""" 
UPDATE: Mallshow with the #PBBUnlimited BIG 4 + Wendy, Divine, Deniesse at Pacific Mall Legaspi Landco Plaza, April 30, 6pm! -- adminKIM 
"Still have 2 x Foo Fighters tickets for sale for tomorrow at the Milton Keynes bowl @ 4pm.  Unable to go, message me for details." 
@user I'll try sometime! Its about time I dropped in on a few old friends anyway! Goin to see Cinderella this Thurs. in Art Park! 
UNC will allow you to get a 2nd degree in Bachelor of Science in Clinical Laboratory Science 
Broncineers! Remember that tomorrow we have the Kickball Tournament! Games start at 5pm at the track and field... 
So MFs just gon act like J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar didn't hint at dropping that collab joint in February??? 
Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh is bracing the Super Eagles for a tough clash against Tanzania in thei...  
275 photos of 01 Oct 2014 Rock on Dandiya Nite at Sangam University Bhilwara Just Beat it - Grab it in Picasa Web 
"#FootballNews The 38-year-old left the Eagles to take charge at Bolton Wanderers on Tuesday, and Jim K... #tfb #taf" 
@user Pls RT Bolton Society for Blind People are bringing Vegas to Bolton with a Charity Dinner on 23 Sep #BSBP 
Owasi  backs Yakub with a religious spin. It's  a disservice to Yakub. He has mitigating factors in favour.Religious spin may spoil his case 
"If Chuck Norris can have a chill Friday, so can you. Come celeberate the weekend, and chill out on our patio with... 
C’mon c’mon does sound like Queen’s we will rock you somehow... 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of a Prince George man who died in a crash on Sunday.... 
Is Rahul Gandhi trying to experiment with `soft Hindutva`?: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Monday cam... 
@user @user I think Colton's going hunting all day Sunday. Hit him up I should be here all day 
Someone be sure to tell George Clooney to keep the Andrea Gail at the dock tomorrow.  Read @user 
"It may just be me focusing on the losses, but Murray's tie-break record seems shite in my head, in big games at least." 
Grandmom's Pennies will be on vacation July 25 to July 30. Monday wil be the last day to purchase from #etsy until my return next Tuesday. 
Gucci bags conscience settled belief march draw the veil the yoke yours personality in amalgamation in transit... 
@user tomorrow is the justin bieber consert in louisville kentucky i hope i the OLLG 
"I've been instructed by Bucky to make both an Oreo cake and Oreo parfaits tomorrow. What a busy,busy bee I am." 
my moms air conditioner went out in her car for the 2nd time in a month on Friday so she bought a Lexus today 
BOZO PORNO CIRCUS with EBM Dollz Live October 27 in San Antonio at BackStage Live! via @user 
The boys will do promo in Sweden today (November 2nd) and they will perform on Sweden XF tonight, live stream here 
"James: ""Why can't Big Brother just throw us a coup d'etat?"" Meg: ""Seriously!"" James: ""...and on Thursday we'll have the last laugh."" #BB17" 
@user @user this is the truth my friend while messi might win the 5th ballon d or people would say Ronaldo didn't win it 
Remember, 1 November is the Solemnity of #AllSaints: a holy day of obligation.  Be sure you assist at Mass or it’s a mortal sin. #Catholic 
Low-fat Oasis - Edmonton Sun: Low-fat OasisEdmonton SunPoor Noel Gallagher -- up there all alone with his new ba... 
"Today in Beatles History (July 26, 1968):  Paul McCartney plays ""Hey Jude"" to John Lennon for the very first time." 
NAIA Walsh University is beating Ohio State 23-17 with 7:15 left in the 1st half in an exhibition NCAA Men's Basketball game. 
"I live in Ohio, let me say, no, just, no.  Gov. John Kasich is 16th notable entry into GOP race - News - Ohio 
Quiet Saturday night, watched Taken and Journey to Mysterious Island. Pert near time to go to bed, got church in the morning. 
"Foto: youarebeingridiculous: Josh Hutcherson at LAX airport - October 16th, 2014 Okay the yokel behind him... 
Andre Berto Explains Why he can Defeat Floyd Mayweather on 12 September: Floyd Mayweather has not lost a singl... 
yo if Last Friday Night by Katy Perry doesn't take you back to bomb middle school days then I feel very bad for you 
.@youngman44  I'm going to start an account where I tweet every direct and indirect U2 reference you preach. I'll post 1-2 times every Sun 
"Tomorrow, ELSA will launch the 11th edition of the world wide ELSA Moot Court Competition on WTO law.    Stay tuned for more information!" 
Finished signing up for the SAT and ACT 
I wasn't even lit anymore by the time Beyonce came on. Gotta do better tomorrow lol 
Beckham MLS Stadium May Kick Residents Out of Homes: The thrill of the David Beckham stadium announcement is o... 
These are 3 new Avril Lavigne songs from the 5th album:  1. HUSH HUSH: Songwriter/Composer: David Hodges,Chad Kroeger & Avril Lavigne. 
Dennison: Our offense will have its hands full with Mario Williams on Sunday. 
LSU needs to do one thing to beat Bama. Run! And stop the Run! Win it in the 4th quarter, GEAUX TIGERS!! 
@user serious it 2nd while naruto still first of course ! 
"You would think Tony Blair, more than most, would understand the consequences of a poorly thought out intervention - 
Maybe the 2nd Monster was a bad idea in hindsight. Feel more amped up than Ric Flair on speed. 
"Apparently, there is no nightime in #Jersey between 8 June &amp; 4 July - it's constantly twilight! Who knew? @user 
@user That's the trouble. If they are decent &amp; Kane stays fit we may be 'ok'. If that doesn't happen then we are fucked. That simple 
@user Lets get a Kardashian or Caitlyn Jenner take a selfie by the dirty water.  Then IOC may change. 
Did you know that 'John Kasich' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 21 for 6 hours in Chicago? #trndnl 
Nicki Minaj Kissing Lil Wayne! Caught Red Handed at the NBA All-Star Game (Exclusive Photos/Video) 
"Kris Bryant hit the Cubs' 1st walk-off HR in ""15, a 2-run dinger to beat Roks 9-8 last nite. 8 teams still without a walk-off HR this season" 
There's one thing about the changes at Google+ you may have not considered. #SocialMediaChat 
Charlie Rose with Rahm Emanuel, Mort Zuckerman, Rob Portman & Mark Halperin; Christine Orban (October 5, 2004): ... 
Fox News' has announced their selections for the 1st GOP debate.  Rick Santorum, Rick Perry, Bobby Jindal, Carly... 
Watching Puss in Boots & Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance with the family! D&D character roll up and bio tomorrow! 
my mom gets to meet Obama tomorrow..... what the heck?? 
@user Alright pricey! How you doing, got a round in lough Erne next Friday! #needmoreballs" 
@user @user Hahahaha! Busted. I just met Hib today hahaha! Ok on monday kiter buke together gether! :D Free labour included tak? O.o 
@user @user @user as the SCOTUS has interpreted it,the legislation in the 14th amendment protects same-sex marriage 
@user well by the sounds of it we may be adding Gagner too. Where are these guys all going to fit in? 
The @user @user & @user tip-off the season with Ws Tuesday night. Daily Zap: 
@user @user @user @user Kane gets hurt tomorrow. You really want Chadli/Son playing 99% of striker till May? 
I'm pretty sad that this is the first time I've heard Black Friday by Kendrick and J.cole 
"Friday, December 11, 2015   Tony Blair says he got David Cameron's permission to warn Colonel Gaddafi to flee... 
I’m going to Pierce the Veil at Backstage Live in San Antonio, TX - Oct 18 
#Chess_News #Chess_Previews_2012 #Previews London Grand Prix opening ceremony: A party at the the 18th... #chessdom 
"focus on the fact that we have to get Calibraska to #1 tomorrow, not on petty drama lol" 
C’mon Lovatics, Beliebers, Directioners, Swifties, Barbz..EVERYBODY! Please treat others as you want others to be against you! #DemiToFrance 
After the Blood Moon comes the Pumpkin Sun via @user 
This may come as a surprise: Paul Dunne isn't even in the top 50 in Golfweek/Sagarin College Rankings: 
All uniformed up and ready to go for the Remembrance service then march to the cenotaph. We will remember th 
#Millwall fan group's campaign to end the voucher scheme for trip to Leeds United in February - see tomorrow's South London Press 
"Last week was Guayaquil Independence Day here in Ecuador, which meant no school on Friday and so we organised a trip with staff and stude..." 
"On October 17, 1963 the #Beatles recorded audio for The Beatles' Christmas Record. 
Big weekend for the Saints ! Roll On Sunday ! 
Johnny Lennon is going to ask Paul McCartney and McCartney's right love to be based in Jerusalem for the July 15th Apple time event. 
are you going to see Kendrick Lamar just because of Bad Blood tomorrow cause he's not gonna sing it Ally -my friend who's perfectly right 
A model walks during the 18th annual Salon du Chocolat show in Paris, wearing a dress made entirely out of... 
"Unseen footage of the insane brawl between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar: Exclusive, July 25," 
Hot off our poster printer Michael Ball in Concert with CYO December 8th 9th  In City Hall Cork 
Angela Merkel: 'Deny Marriage To Gay Couples': Angela Merkel revealed on Tuesday that while she thinks s... (Hfp) 
"Dallas folks - we have 2 extra tickets for Ed Sheeran on Sept 5. Suite level, platinum parking, $150 each. Let me know if you want them!" 
@user hello, trying to clear something up because of flights: match against Milan, is it at night on the 9th or at 3 on the 10th? Tx" 
Paul Dunne tied for 16th at the US amateurs: Ireland's Paul Dunne improved by two strokes to sign for a one-un... 
Get 25% OFF in the Jurys Inn 24 Hour Sale this Wednesday 
"Released Friday: ""A Love Song to the Earth"" by Paul McCartney, Jon Bon Jovi, Sheryl Crow, Fergie, Sean Paul,... 
Hommage to Gary Carter and the Expos Day tomorrow at RCup: dollar hot dogs, and $8 tix at the 300 level. #Youppiwillbehere 
ok so who's trynna go see Justin Bieber with me in March ??? 
Robert Kraft statement on the passing of Frank Gifford via @user Frank Gifford was missed when left Mon. Note! 
Which players do you think deserve to be in SAF starting XI against Arsenal on saturday’s game? 
About to watch Safe House for the 1st time... #Redbox #Latepass 
My son's teacher is married to a former Auburn football player. I think I'll put him in all Bama gear 1st day of school! #RTR 
#housemusic #fun Jason Vernau Live @ SET Nightclub Miami February 25th 2012:      Jason Vernau is back with some... 
Sunday AM Message- Being a Christian is more than just a name. God commands us to act like Christians. Find out... 
@user is there a fanpic being taken at Anfield for the game on Sunday? 
Sad to say #knutsfordlitfest nearly at an end. Fantastic event last night with Michael Portillo. Last event tomorrow with Charles Dickens. 
Sat down to watch Michael Jackson this is it on DVD xx 
APRS iGate built using a Raspberry Pi Getting started with software defined radio #hamradio 
Katie said she was gonna go see NWA tomorrow. I said name 2 members. She said Ice Cube and Biggie. SMDH. 
Does anybody want to buy two Ed Sheeran concert tickets for September 22nd? DM for details! 
"What's going on with your 3v3 1nD on PS4? I have church to attend tomorrow fam, hurry up. @user 
Just had a guy come into the shop enquiring about a Kyocera toner... his name was Paul Kimber ....i knew Friday... 
Nabeel just sat on a hot plate of rice lol 
@user the 4th said to Naruto that it was because he was his son and he was confident Naruto would control the 9tails 
@user @user Murray admitted he took a break for pep talk. I'm not speculating. 
Aug 8 (The Sports Xchange) - David Price allowed three singles in seven innings while Justin Smoak became the first Blue Jay to hit a 
Gonna watch Seinfeld, smoke a joint, and pass the hell out before going back to work at 2 jobs again tomorrow. #adultshit 
Would you like to be a monk? C'mon lets go get drunk. Do you think Paul McCartney is okay? We're from Rolling Stone so it's okay. L.R. 
Kris Bryant with the  Walk-Off homer..Cubs win 2-1. But did Lester's inability throw the ball to 1st base cost him a win? 
Nah, but Vol. 1 might be my 3rd favorite Jay-Z album but it has some shit tracks 
"next Saturday night in San Diego, No 5 Mountain Pointe 1-0 plays the Bakersfield Drillers who`s most recognized alum was HOF Frank Gifford" 
lmao I forgot to workout tonight. ehh I'll just watch Naruto and workout tomorrow night 
"In the spirit (gees) of black economic empowerment (BEE) we're starting a band, the ""Bee Gees"" our 1st single is called ""I started a joke""!" 
Sony’s putting out a new PS3 Firmware Update on Tuesday that FINALLY lets you see your PS Vita trophies on PS3. About ****ing time, Sony. 
@user Hello is the 1830 screening of Paper Towns just for Unlimited card holders? I notice the release date is 21 Aug? Thanks 
@user those photos you're sharing of Parish with the ""Not Afraid"" are pictures from back in January after the Charlie Hebdo attack" 
People who want to eat healthy, clean food should have the right to do so. Our government and Monsanto may have... 
"Just heard ""Bad Blood"" by T-Swiffle for the 4th time today. I think it's time to go home." 
Work till friday..then new york for the weekend...then pauls wit @user nd @user then Clemson 
"`Traditionalist` Caitlyn Jenner tepid about gay marriage: Washington D.C, Sept 5 : Caitlyn Jenner may be an in... 
Late upload from the Bears game Sunday #beardown @ The Georgia Dome 
Just a heads up, LP #9 may take some time before I can start recording. A lot of work is going to go into this next project. 
@user from Brazil. It has some differences. We may have the same words for some things but the pronunciation is way different :) 
"Galliani: ""Witsel? I know he would like to come to Milan, the market closes on Monday, we'll see.""" 
"1 November 1968. George Harrison released the soundtrack """"Wonderwall."""" He was the first Beatle to release a solo album." 
@user we’re going to have to go see Magic Mike before the Jeff Timmons thing next Friday!! 
"Somehow I've ended up watching all the Twilight movies again. The first is entertaining, the 2nd super boring and the 3rd was just meh" 
I still call Arsenal's old ground Highbury. Like chuff am I going to call it anything other than the Millennium 
I'm selling my 2 Ed Sheeran tickets for Gillette Stadium September 25th both tickets would come to $200 total lmk if you're interested! 
'Yakub's Angels' appeared on Saturday 1 at the 20th place in the Top20 of Ahmedabad's Trends: #trndnl 
"News Alarm: Matt Adams (1B - StL) Matt Adams went 1-for-3 with a home run, a walk, and an RBI on Thursday in Game 5 of the NLCS." 
Jim Murphy as a conflict resolution adviser? the most inspired choice since Tony Blair became a peace envoy :-/ 
I'm so sorry to hear of the loss Frank Gifford. Losing you best friend is so hard and sad. May The Lord hold you in His hands. 
"Live music news for #Brecon: Roachford playing @user Sun, Sept 27 with the Christians #soul #rnb" 
"Then Kanye West's speech like ""bro"" 9 times. When you 1st watch it you might he's nuts but after watching it back it made sense #Kanye2020" 
"Thursday's flight pattern of FBI spy plane (east, south Dearborn) contains areas with high concentration of Muslims compared to Sunday area." 
@user Milan want him to but for a loan..but zenit just want to sell so we will see tomorrow what will happen italian.spurs i hope 
Only TWO spots remain in my July 26th camera workshop. There's just two hours left to get my Amazon Prime Day... 
"Natash Hastings 4th (51.89), Jessica Beard 6th (52.08) in 400 at London Grand Prix. 1 of the could be named to @user 4x400 relay team." 
@user Going to see Equalizer tomorrow in the movie theatre. Did you enjoy it? 
@user I suppose if you were buying a PS4 you can wait due to the lack of 1st party stuff.  Xbox on the other hand oh boy! 
My prediction about David Price --&gt; 
Boxing News: Devon Alexander and Randall Bailey ready to slug it out on September 8th 
"Gamlingay Green Day is tomorrow, 18 Oct, 10am at the EcoHub. Full programme at See you there! 
Cycling Mission with Passion Team #Ride2Light Rahul Kumawat etal at Sangam University Bhilwara 15 Oct 2014 
GAME # 6  What group are they in Dream High 2 =)  <<- LIKE the page 1st... 
Tuesday! Boston Cream, Zombie Toffee, Snickerdoodle, Neapolitan, S’mores, Strawberry Red Velvet, Black Forest and the standards. 
"Not the easiest of shots, but Murray may end up really regretting hitting it long to fall down 0-2 in the 2nd set." 
Edsall gotta play the Gregg Williams tapes in the locker room before the game tomorrow. 
"Thoughts on the Detroit Tigers, Arian Foster, and Floyd Mayweather in today's Daily Six Pack: #sports #MLB #NBA #NFL" 
@user CP24 reporting...the sir paul McCartney tickets for the October Toronto show go on sale at 11am EST...get them while u can... 
@user lol last I heard the 21st of december but who the hell knows. For Bel Ami they were going to show it but they didn’t and 
If youkblow hard enough on an old Nintendo cartridge, Mar.o will apjeae and give you three extra lives. 
"Like, we're going to see Paul McCartney IRL, tomorrow???!!!" 
@user I'm currently in Providence for Comic-Con right now, if I have time would you like me to say hi to Curtis tomorrow?" 
"Aaron Rodgers jersey battery room, under the windmill. Wagnoli - 4 August 2011 - Blog - designer wedding dresses sale," 
Tomorrow haunted house with Sam kaitlyn marisela Yesinea marcos and maybe Walter and Katie xD 
July 28th National Milk Chocolate Day. You might say milk chocolate is the star of the chocolate (cont) 
"DDB Los Angeles announced today the launch of its new campaign for Deus Ex: Human Revolution, the highly anticipated third installmen..." 
"Skills crisis is key flaw in George Osborne's productivity plan, says CBI. Girls are the answer @user - lets talk. 
Wing ace linked: Atletico Madrid star Cristian Rodriguez is being linked with a January move t... #YouAreFootball 
Paul Dunne hasn't had the best of rounds. Oosthuizen bogeys the 13th and now 2 off the lead. Between 4 players realistically now. 
"Hymn of the day  : Katy Perry - Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F)  We are back tomorrow night, for mixed group guest... 
@user the pieces that made the Fall show will be posted on the MPAC FB page, Twitter & posted up in the Murphy Center tomorrow! 
@user  lol Ice Cube's movie Friday. They are trying to get rid of someone named Felicia they don't want around. 
socratic seminar tomorrow about if Catholics should vote for Obama or Rommey..I dont care about politic in my country..imagine in another... 
@user This may be a weird question but what sexuality are you? (Straight, Gay, Bi, or Pan) I just wanna know, not gonna change feels." 
RECAPPING THE 27TH ANNUAL FILM INDEPENDENT SPIRIT AWARDS: Actress Penelope Ann Miller took the stage early a... @user 
@user @user @user I think it was """"Independence Day Stood Still Before Tomorrow""""..." 
@user Looking forward to the Dean Ambrose turn Sunday.  Should have held a sign up that says I'm turning.. #WWERaw #WWEMinny 
"La Liga: Betis march on, Malaga held to draw: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table af... 
"Directioners may be big on Twitter but when the voting goes out to the whole world, they lose. Kpop has a bigger fandom #DirectionersFuneral" 
"Beer and Nirvana (the band, not the transcendent state). My recipe for getting through tomorrow." 
TBH Salman's tweets about Yakub may have been an incoherent mess but I agree that he's a man who should be stopped from going to the gallows 
"did you know David Bowie's new album is coming out on January 8th, his *69th* birthday???" 
Cate Blanchett interviewed by the @user about her new movie #Carol due out Jan 21. 
"PGA shot tracker is awful. Dustin Johnson apparently hit one 3 feet from the hole on his 2nd shot, but somehow has a bogey now" 
UofL Volleyball Player @user tomorrow night as she competes in the Miss USA Pageant. 
A seal may not have been achieved on the proposed international friendly between the Super Eagles and Mena of Niger Republic. 
"SPX Student Body, if you'd like to wear boots to school tomorrow, be sure to pay two dollars to your theology teacher." 
Just found out we have 91 Appointments n we are shooting for 120 on Monday - Huntsville, AL are you ready for us?!?!  #NMAE @user 
We all know why Floyd Mayweather has picked Andre Berto to fight on Sep 12. It would be poetic justice if Berto got the W! #MayweatherBerto 
Today was National Kissing Day, I’ll have to make up for the loss tomorrow 
Super bummed to find out that WPPI is the same time as our kids’ spring break. Why is it in March this time?! @user #fb 
Details make Watchman's origins seem even more mysterious.  And now perhaps a 3rd book?  #GoSetAWatchman #HarperLee  
My Saturday night with Eric Church 
@user plays terrific TB &amp; wins it with big off fh winner 7-5. Murray with plenty of work to do now as sun goes down. 
"Following Trump, Scott Walker and Ted Cruz, said they support revoking 14th amendment rights for the children of immigrants." 
"Hulk Hogan may have been kicked out of WWE......but what about that masked man ""Mr. America""???? @user 
Aquarius - Uranus in your 8th house and Uranus in the 853rd house brings you to look to Arsenal's press conference for guidance 
Upset in the making. Murray down two sets to love to Anderson. Plus Anderson is up a break in 3rd 
We have had a few home Leeds United tickets returned which are available on a 1st come 1st served basis to supporters on the database #RUFC 
I have 4 seats to the Giants game at MetLife tomorrow if anyone wants them. 
Gucci trousers alter hoping against hope february broaden the bifurcated yours connotative toward closeness on... 
Early Voting is open check out the Mommy Forum for a list of locations to get your votes in before Super Tuesday!... 
Curtis set for second game in charge: Caretaker boss Alan Curtis set for second game in charge of Swansea as the search for Garry Mon... 
Refugees from Syria may form the next wave of immigrants to the US, so Donald Trump probably wants to build a wall between the US and Syria. 
"So while she may have figured out the ""old Rousey"" it may be ill advised to think that she has any advantage going into this trilogy fight." 
3rd week of CFB rankings done.. I want to know what you guys like/dislike about them. What should I add? Any other comments? Email/Tweet me! 
During his interview w/ Sarah Palin, Jeb Bush said he received A MILLION e-mails as governor.   
Gov. John Kasich entered the race few wks ago - in 1st debate &amp; moving up in polls. Honest speaker - 1 issue - his immigration policy - 
I am going to see Equalizer tomorrow. 
@user @user c’mon roma its the twitter lyfestyle. Get with it 
@user Hi there. Im here on behalf of Ira. May I know if you're referring to SUPERSURF200? Please be aware tha... 
Expect light-moderate rains over E. Visayas; Cebu, Bohol, Samar & Leyte have 30-70% chance of rains tonight! Expect fair weather tomorrow!:) 
NO. even if you David beckham, sitting under that hot ass sun with that 5000 dollars suit, you should still be SWEATING 
Kasich seeking GOP presidential nomination: John Kasich announced his run for the White House in 2016 Tuesday.... 
So anybody have plans to host or attend a watch party for Sharknado 3 Wednesday night at 9 pm on the SyFy... 
"I have two extra tickets to Sam Smith. They're 3rd row, section 410. DM me if you'd like to buy them" 
@user come out and watch THOSE GUYS softball next Saturday august 27th for the COLTS softball tournament,, IT would be great" 
"Today Rugby will take on Dollar with 16:30 KOs. At HOME we have 1st, 2nd &amp; S Colts XVs, while Colts A, JCA, Colts B &amp; JCB XVs are AWAY." 
@user was supposed to announce.. Rahul Dravid it is.. The great wall in our studio tomorrow.. Add to that Sourav and Nasser.. 
@user @user you guys just hit the ball well and Thor settled in after the 2nd. 
I have 3 tickets to Jason Aldean tomorrow ... 1 in the 100 section and 2 in the 200 section lemme know if you're interested 
Attn male Tulane Students!! If you want to get on TV, go to TJ Quills this Saturday night at 9pm. I can’t tell you anymore. Spread the word! 
@user your cup must runith over with ideas for your column tomorrow Murray! 
#SW5 Yoga for Running is on this Thursday 6-8pm in QN001. E; ysjactive@yorksj.ac.uk to book or just turn up #wellbeing #GetInvolved 
"Dustin Johnson may wind up being another in the long list of athletes with ""million dollar arm and five cent head"" ... hope not" 
@user is Disney Infinity Marvel an add on or standalone game? want to get it but can't figure out if i need the main disney game 1st 
So David De Gea is going to Real Madrid right? I thought the deadline was tomorrow at 6pm GMT 
"On this day in September 3, 2012~ #RAW: John Cena vs. Alberto Del Rio  
omg. some guy at cypress dressed up as the sun drop guy lols. 
"RT @user RT @user Nigeria play England in the Round of 16 on Wednesday 10th, at 11PM Nigeria time #U20WorldCup" 
@user there was a particular scene where Danladi sat in the bush with Afolayan's character. They just kept talking and talking. 
"Three mornings with @user starting tomorrow -- talk of face punching, Olympics, NFL, Rousey, and more! 5-9 am, @user BK" 
Rated R > LOUD > Talk that talk and Good Girl gone bad > Music of the sun > A girl like me 
@user Screen shot from the 3rd ep. of THE FINDER. I think someone thought it was a romance novel: 
"A search of ""cnn debate"" on Twitter only returns links to news about how Carly Fiorina may not make it into the next debate. *yawn* Boring.." 
so tomorrow is picture day but idc so i'm just going to pretend likei forgot and go in nike shorts. whoopse. 
JOE CORBI’S FUNDRAISING IS DUE TOMORROW! Turn it into one of the DECA advisors! 
@user can we get a RT: Big North London Derby tonight Cockspur Rum T20 Cup 2nd round @user vs Highgate CC 6.30 start @ Hornsey 
I couldn't get Aug 16 off I'm so sad I really wanted to go to the pride parade 
@user Apparently Trump (may have) made this comment back during the Charlie Hebdo attack and not this one. 
I still know all the lyrics to Sk8r Boi by Avril Lavigne and it was my 6th grade ringtone. Come at me. 
So Xhosa & Zulu guys apply morvite in their face when it’s hot to avoid sun burn :/ 
@user  We had to pick dates for 2013 vacation days from work today.  I took off the Friday before St Pattys.  #BG  #BewaretheGolfCarts 
@user @user  Islam itself may discriminate however, there is the ""jizya"" tax for example." 
If you didnt see it already heres my Halloween effort from Saturday - David Bowie frm the Labyrinth as a vamp! 
what los did on that 2nd verse of 'gucci gucci' still makes me rewind the track just to rewind it back. 
Look's like we can't make a Dunkin run in the morning... We can't be late to Fopp's tomorrow or we'll get a referral @user 
Our Gov: Bobby Jindal is the smartest Republican among all! Mr.Jindal is the re-incarnation of Robert Kennedy! Fear  
@user Okay! 1st, what type of content will the site have? Example: G/G, B/G, Solo, fetish?" 
IF tonight's YouGov shows another Tory lead then Ed Miliband is in big trouble #SaveEd Would be 4th poll in last few days with a Tory lead 
@user  As a new Catholic to #LatinMass Prayin for all British Patriots, that they understand the Church was the 1st to fight Islam." 
Is everyone ready for Foo Fighters at Wrigley Field #Saturday? Get ready . . . #EastLakeview is going to be in... 
"WTOP Alert: On 1st day, Thomas Stone Elementary in Prince George's County is closed due to a water main break.... 
Mikes funeral will be tomorrow at First Star of Jacob on Howard Ave in New Haven CT (the hill). Starts at 5pm 
Ice Cube should come out with a Last Friday with everybody! Mike Epps Kat Williams Smokey Big Worm Kevin Hart & everybody else... 
Nigeria's army said late on Sunday that it rescued 178 people held by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in... 
David Wright played 7 innings at 3B on Saturday night for St. Lucie. 0-for-3 with a walk and strikeout. 
@user a dance on december 8th for all the cheerleaders in the district at east 
@user I was just about to say, I know where NaterTater is going to be tonight...It's PaleyFest for Castle so I am not THAT stalkerish" 
"Deadly Israeli strike, fire from Gaza mar truce: A deadly Israeli airstrike into the Gaza Strip and rocket and m... 
"Abraham decisions Stieglitz to win WBO title: In Saturday night action from the O2 World Arena in Berlin, German... 
In 4th year when nowt was more important than Nirvana I wrote a bit about why Kurt Cobain didn't kill himself lol 
Let George Osborne know how you feel in Manchester on Friday #EndAusterityNow 
"Charlie Rose with Bill Joy; Daniel Barenboim (March 13, 2000): Bill Joy, chief scientist at Sun Microsystems, di... 
JUST IN; Real Madrid stating to have proof that Manchester United sent documents at 23.59. Uefa tomorrow to decide on it 
'Gucci' appeared on Thursday 3 at the 9th place in the Top20 of Memphis's Trends: #trndnl 
@user I have DECA pictures tomorrow too though.. what time are the pictures? 
SEMA kicks off in Las Vegas tomorrow.  Our friends over at built up this Wildcat for the GBC... 
Nitemoves is the place Too b September 22nd foam party! 
I really need someone to go see Ed Sheeran with me next Friday please 
@user @user  Fear among Muslims may be plausible yet unwarranted... But Dalits are becoming the biggest supporters of modi. 
@user always wanted to finish with the sun on my back as a couple of my sporting Herod did @user Gazza & C.Waddle" 
The #Bullshifter: Saw my father march with Martin Luther King then: did not see it w/ my own eyes. 
George Osborne now just trolling: 
Yes George Osborne and Iain Duncan Smiths too.. DC was a 3rd Child it would seem...maybe the Tories have a point :P 
NFL Ticket at the Eagles Club presents the Thursday night contest Steelers and Titans 
Paula &amp; Dave signing off. Lotte &amp; Kerry will be here to answer any electrical queries you may have. 
@user if Apple wants to sell me an iPad, they'd better announce it tomorrow 
Murray on the verge of being Scottish again for the 2nd time in a week....... 
I see U2 are planning to come to Ireland and go head to head with A Limerick A Day. Brave lads. 
Anyone going to the October 3rd MSG show with BROCK LESNAR that'll air LIVE on #WWENetwork? #WWE #Raw 
@user I'm not sure what the protocol would be, given airport security, etc, but you make the arrangements at LAX and I'll go TOMORROW." 
"http://t.co/EX9q5wX - #ElastixWorld first Sponsors - Mexico City  November 3rd and 4th, see you all there #fb" 
NFL: Judge sides with Brady on 'Deflategate': NEW YORK -- Tom Brady learned Thursday he will star... #Deflategate 
going to yoga class tomorrow morning 
Iran says ready to export oil to Mongolia: Iran said on Thursday that it is ready to export crude oil to Mongo... 
Zac Brown Band on September 11 or AC/DC on September 15 at Down the Line Rooftop $99.00 #ChicagoDeals 
@user I went to Jungle Island in February. I prefer the Miami Metro Zoo tho 
wish I could sleep , & wake up nd it be sunday .. I’m ready too get out of Greensboro!! 
@user can David Wright make some spot starts? Pitch the 7th inning? 
It's Monday and I just need to know the status of this Nicki and Miley beef... 
British Open updates: Amateur Paul Dunne among three leaders: Paul Dunne walked off the 18th green at St. Andrews on Sunday with a sh... 
"Oh for God's sake, don't tell me I'm going to have to start liking Justin Bieber... 
Who's in Milan in February? You won't want to miss this! #Milano2016  
Coming to Greenville tomorrow for my last few days in Sc, then it’s west coast shawwty 
LOLing at Hillary apology...1st she said all of us were "confused" (a nice way of saying "stupid); now she apologizes 4 using server. #greta 
A little 90s rock set crowd pic at Jumby Bay in Jupiter.....Saturday... We rock the Thirsty Turtle in Port St Lucie:) 
@user @user In my 1st year halls, one guy insisting on referring to himself as """"The Horn"""". In the third person." 
Ralph McQuarrie #top100femalelies Melo Paul Pierce Dallas put my Lamar Odom in the D League tho!http://tiny.cc/744r3 
Would it be crazy if I asked to go to Washington DC Nov 17 for the Joseph Kony march? 
Hyung Jun's interview is super long! Can't believe it took me 45 minutes.. Am I this slow.. 
@user Gerald Green may have bounce, but he has no hangtime on those braids." 
@user not necessarily. In Nevada it may help Obama because its one less vote for Romney. But I know what you mean hah. 
"Paul Dunne, 22, of Ireland, formerly of the UAB golf team &amp; 1st amateur in 88 yrs to be in the lead British Open. 
"Some kid sat down today and said ""make me look like nirvana"" ... Like which person?" 
@user ""bye Felicia"" has unfortunately returned due to Ice Cube putting the line from his hit movie ""Friday"" in Straight Outta Compton" 
@user nonsense, the land was ruled by Muslims, their may have been Christians residing there but the land was Muslim land" 
@user you may be going to LSU but not me 
"October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at L&amp;#8217;Arc. via @user @user 
@user tomorrow comes out the first part of my Kobe Bryant highlights mix 
May be up for some Smash in a little bit guys. Just finishing this square (last graveyard one?) as Ruto with an A rank for the heart piece. 
Kenny Sears was marked short of the first on 4th down. Curtis takes over at the SPS 42 with a 30-14 lead 
Interested in serving in the church? There will be  training for Altar Servers in Madonna on September 2 at 6pm #AltarServer #Ramblers #LUC 
Gucci bags death instinct thought may hike the dualistic thine suggestive access swelling towards favoring bla... 
How the pope's personal experience with annulments may have led to reforms via @user 
Scott Walker repeatedly avoided whether he would deport children born in the USA. Maybe didn't get to the 14th Amendment b4 he quit college. 
Weird. Hammer of Thor is approved along with many others that may or may not be objectionable. Thor?  VA approved? 
Lucky for Shawn you don't need spell check and good grammar to participate in a radio debate. #TroyCrazy #CohoesNuts 
@user 26th birthday at Garner. I have her a face full of chocolate for her birthday. She gave it 
@user are you going to meet Dean Ambrose at Iplay America on September 5th 
I was really excited about seeing the Knicks and Nets play tonight but I guess I have to wait until November 26 :( 
I'm not staying up all the way to watch Naruto. Grandmother's birthday lunch is tomorrow so i need my rest 
LMAO Snottsdale, AZ = sluttiest place. I don’t think Gelndale should get 2nd, give it to the Tempe giiiiirls. 
@user that may be true but when Gucci shines she turns heads 
"Meryl StreepThis past Sunday, Amy Schumer cemented her position at the top of ... 
@user @user since ET went via BKK and has 5th freedom rights (which can load/unload pax), it’s a indirect flight. 
Dustin Johnson is fast becoming the Greg Norman of bad luck in golf majors. I hope DJ's misfortune turns into something positive on Monday. 
"A windfall; along with my pardon and returned Order of Merlin, I received a tonne of gold from the Ministry after the trial today." 
So far today Ive been asked who will win the Rugby World Cup and what the score would be between Darlington/Fleetwood 
Messi needs to show up more in the 2nd Half. #mexicovsargentina 
@user what time do the gates open Saturday for the Ed Sheeran concert? 
OK, who’s going to Dethklok, Black Dahlia Murder and All That Remains in Oakland Nov 26? 
Is Adele really gonna drop her album in November? Or is she can act like Frank Ocean? Lol 
For our Feb. issue: What do you splurge on right before Lent? Where in NoVA do you splurge? What have you given up for Lent? 
#Pistons struggle in 1st.  Trail Minny 27-10 at end of 1 in Winnipeg.  Det 3/17 FG with 6 turnovers.  Derrick Williams 12 pts for Minn. 
Daily Zap: April 3rd:   Daily Zap: April 3rd  Check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton... 
Rousey fight changed to Nov. No big deal. They could fight tomorrow and it would be the same result. 
Anyone going to the Jason Aldean concert next Sunday 
5 recently added entries in the Encyclopedia of Life: The Encyclopaedia Britannica may have ceased printing earl... 
"Yankees knock out Red Sox rookie pitcher in the 2nd inning... Yankees hit 3 HRs (Bird, Murphy, Beltran).. Take a 8-1 lead." 
Send me Lwanga's hw packet and I will buy you Dunkin tomorrow morning 
@user but Shawn said Monday they add an extra 8 hours that you don't work 
Govt acted humanely in  Yakub's hanging: RSS: New Delhi1 Aug 2015The RSS today said the hanging of 1993 Mumbai... 
Yo unnu memba #AmbroZia THIS SATURDAY at Oneil’s Place enuh!!!!!! Bear TingZz Production it loud!!! U hav u ticket yet?!?!? 
RT @user Real to sign Neymar in December - report - Bangkok Post: Real Madrid has reached a deal with Santos to sign gift... h ... 
Chris Rene: Live & Exclusive!: X Factor may be about to start up its first live show of the s... #celebrity #gossip 
'Has Modiji taken selfie with a farmer?' Rahul Gandhi's dig at PM: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Mon... 
@user No one on the Lions has gotten injured today since Leshoure! Contract extensions all around! #bam 
"Hours before he arrived in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused Syria's president of ""mercilessly""..." 
might be going to the spurs match on saturday 
@user Just want 2 ask is JLin """"handsome"""" by Chinese standards? ’Cuz i know what may look good 2 us non-Chinese, u myt not think so?" 
There's a 50/50 % chance that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter  I should think so as well after what she did to poor Bruce 
"After a day of racing, the 2nd floor is ready to get to the Comcast Center for the annual formal crew dinner #newshoes #newjackets #sameswag" 
And the 2013 NBA All-Star game will be played on February 17 at Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. Need I say more... 
"December 26th, 2015: Check out the article on Justin Bieber featured in our local newspaper, ""KOSMO"" today! 
Prenatal moves to Wednesday at 7 p.m starting tonight AND an additional Pre-natal Yoga class starts Thursday 9/10 at 8:45 with Heather! 
Rare picture of Kendrick Lamar in the Booth spittin' Black Friday 
Carnival Tomorrow !!! Need to put my flags in the laundry 
Its monday! That means...back to work, movie premiers, Hustle and Flow Mondays, DJ Table with Afrojack tonight at... 
IOC mulls Armstrong bronze - SBS: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Thursday said it had ... #london2012 
"Hore ! RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK" 
Floyd Mayweather got Ali as the 4th best fighter of all time on his list ..... Lmfao Dude is a fuckin joke . 
Hulk Hogan and the Wrestling Boot Band Hulk Rules 1995 Cassette Sealed Unopened:  $9.47End Date: Friday... #vinyl 
July 19th is National Ice Cream Day therefore there is no judgement on the amount of ice cream I consume within the next 24 hours 
'The Announcement' may be the most emotional documentary I have ever seen. Magic Johnson is a hero and an icon. 
@user Brunch with Rousey and a light job with Bolt on Friday IMO. 
@user @user remember how I'm gonna come Monday and have Dunkin and watch you run your 2 mile :) 
@user @user wouldn't be the 1st time they tried it. I mean come on, PM Tony Blair is literally an anagram of I'm Tory Plan B! ;)" 
Jeremy Lin may have a lil Chinese wiener, but he still gets #Hard4Harden 
@user Any truth in this interview with Harry Redknapp tomorrow? 
House full both today and tomorrow for Bajrangi Bhaijaan and Bin Roye. But I thought the Eid craze would be settled down by now!! 
You may blame Angela Merkel for her response, but if you are a history student, you will remember that the Islamic... 
@user and then he'll do Dustin Johnson things on Saturday and Sunday. #choke 
"http://t.co/u83sznMW  If you didn't make it on Sunday, Invisible Children's new film MOVE... 
His true Penelope was Flaubert, He fished by obstinate isles; Observed the elegance of Circe’s hair Rather than the mottoes on sun-dials 
@user Retreat is where u want to be Saturday night! Hilton Hotel on Hillsborough Rd, NOT by the Airport like... 
#Everton News - Krul will miss the Monday night clash with Everton and at least a further couple of ... - ChronicleL... 
Arsenal FC Vs Manchester United - A close contest or not?: Saturday at Old Trafford will see the G... #AFC #Arsenal 
"MT @user #Syria, Deir Ezzor: Mahmud Aboud Alhaji was martyred due to heavy shelling on the city's neighborhoods.  Wednesday, 17 October." 
Keylor kicks on at Valdebebas: Keylor Navas trained alone on Tuesday morning with Real Madrid goalkeeping coac... 
"Yeah, for your recovery. Tomorrow, I shall bring you to Oracle" Misha answers.  "Uh.. alright then. Thanks Misha" you pat Misha's head 
@user this is the last time we'll see Bobby Jindal before he completely falls wayside out of and public eye after Thursday. 
Going to the UCLA football game this saturday with my boo . <3  ^.^ 
India is the 132nd country out of 185 countries in the world to do business easily, by World Bank! Singapore is the 1st and 4th is USA! 
Mere Dholna Sun- Bhool Bhulaiyaa- Shreya Ghoshal  the real class.... 
@user indeed you may, or you can have the little warbler who flew all the way from Siberia only to hit the lighthouse on Bardsey... 
Mashasha & Sam will play @ Rich Mix, London on 2 Nov to launch Film Africa Watch the trailer with music by Mashasha 
Andre Villas-Boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a January bid for Brazilian Willian. -jla 
"Prince George turns 2 years old on Wednesday, and while many people would assume he'll be sho... #HollywoodDivas" 
Todd Bowles and players talk about what they're expecting from Saturday night's Green &amp; White practice at MetLife: 
#Neon Splash Dance on Thursday @user with sounds by @user Neon attire highly encouraged. Bring your bikini! #SplashDance 
@user 1st Louis doesn't like blond hair he lvs brown hair!2nd Harry has dimples! 3rd Harry is cute af! So Briana can get lost! 
@user any advice for buying tickets for the Milan derby? Heading in January but know tickets are few &amp; far between in derby day! Thanks 
I have no idea why this Katy Perry story is going around now considering it is from May?? 
"Wait, I got an email that K-State is having Star Wars Day this Saturday. I feel like that went poorly the last time around, no?" 
Gazette: "Bloc is open to coalition with anyone except Harper, Duceppe says". Of course, anyone may be only NDP. #polcan #elx42 
"hey WaPo, it's not a ""gay marriage license"" - it's just a plain old ""marriage license"" 
Retiring Well With Michael Reese: Contributing To Your Roth IRA: A show airing Tuesday on 9&amp;10 can help you av... 
Dustin Johnson gagged another Sunday @ the majors.  Did anyone tell him he still has to play Monday? 
This is the Happz for this Friday Movement Fam. 6.30pm at Sylvia Park (Meet up in the Open Space Below the... 
Start off #LaborDay with some yoga. Monday 9/7/2015 : 10:00am - 11:15am -  Beginner /Intermediate Yoga  What a... 
@user a dance December 8th, for all the cheerleaders in the district at East. 
"FIRE IN THE ASHES: 25 Years Among the Poorest Children in America by Jonathan Kozol comes out Tues, avail for pre-order" 
Giving away a trip to Dallas to see Steelers vs. Cowboys on the @user Facebook page, enter before TOMORROW at Noon 
@user You and i may disagree on Islam dear @user but you have my 100% support. 
The Saga continues October 14th!! Sucka Free Sundays now at The Pour House. #FKBS live. We're goin back to the basics. 
That Friday feeling at Real Madrid: Real Madrid completed the week with the 16 players they are miss... [info RM] 
Football: Dons defeat @user 33-20. Next game is Sat vs. @user in the Dons Homecoming Game. Kickoff at 1 pm #scfafootball 
Tomorrow's Barbarians game at West Harrow has been postponed due to the weather. 
"Bally Chuene had ads in the Sunday papers inquiring whether the building truly collapse or foul play,perhaps even Boko Haram? Your thoughts?" 
Jake from State Farm is going to get a lot of calls on Monday morning #LifeInsurance #HauntedColiseum 
#KBoom Kris Bryant ties the game 1-1 on a opposite field homer his 17th 
"#MLBRoundtrip is live with @user  and @user discussing the Mets in 1st place, David Price, and taking your calls at 866-652-6696" 
West Indies players refused to play 4th ODI before turning up: Dharamsala: The financial dispute between the W... 
Bernie Sanders to Meet With Black Caucus Thursday, Meeting with AG Today via @user #FeelTheBern 
August 30: Selena and the Bad Blood cast attending the Republic Records VMA after party at Ysabel 
Picnic tomorrow for International Women's Friendship Month with my date @user :D #KD 
From Sunday: 'Andy Burnham tells David Cameron to accept quotas of Calais migrants to help with his EU renegotiation' 
"You may argued that the two Milan clubs have lost their lustre especially Inter having a single Coppa Italia to their name, says a lot" 
Diego sat down and talks about van life, Toy Machine, and his new role as Nike team dude back in Argentina. 
RT @user New photo from tonight of Lady Gaga and Britney before Brit's concert tonight! 
Love to friends at the Apple event. Wish I were there with you, but given what I'll be doing on the Nurburgring tomorrow, I shan't complain. 
"Taylor Swift Has Chosen Her Next Single: You may still be dancing along to ""Bad Blood"" with Taylor Swift and K... 
Aug 30 | Join Councilman Franklin at the Dist 9 5th Prince George's County Family &amp; Friends Day 
"When I read this, all I can think about is how the Red Sox still have a chance  
Last week to sign the petition to keep Labour Day in May. Sign the petition today! 
The impatient and arrogant Mars / Jupiter opposition has separated, but may still get one last go when conjuncted by the moon tonight. 
@user grohl, wonder, brian may and elton..... the rest aint even musicians" 
What does Saudi Arabia's #budget mean for the #oil market? &gt;&gt; 
@user bro get that FAFSA done tomorrow, last day. 
Paul Dunne is suddenly British! @user @user If he loses tomorrow he'll probably be Irish again no doubt. #TheOpen2015 
@user MENTAL. The goals will be 2nd half when the subs come on. Kane will bag a couple I reckon. 
This Saturday!! @user and @user host Cafe Asia! LIVE on the radio at 10pm w/ @user 
Just watched my movie, Contraband! Look 4 me in the movies The Bay and Flight in theaters & On Demand on Nov 2! #Contraband #TheBay #Flight 
@user @user Styles make fights. Rousey may very well win but there's no way she is running through Holm. 
@user And maybe I’m playing Devil’s Advocate, but the same person may have written the Wiki entry as sent out the release. 
My q to @user is; if people who endorse you say 'we are at war with Islam' (http://t.co/Mwlwgi7Aqi) - who do you really represent? 
Soon! Foxconn Chennai facility for Nokia used to pay 1/3rd of the Foxconn facility for Apple in China. @user 
Found the game on in Aussie!!! Even though it’s Sunday afternoon...ROLL TIDE!!! 
The word is that Good Morning America will air a piece on the Yoga Face tomorrow betwen 8 and 9 am, Eastern... 
@user  I just sayin... They were coming anyway tomorrow...besides Kyle he had to go to FarmVille or something after football game 
"I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album """"Super Sunday wid Shobhit Bhatia......"""" 
Gucci host number one secret may come about the duadic your one open door into the bargain in advocating in ex... 
everyone who sat around me at metlife was so annoying but i didnt let it ruin such an amazing night 
#fcb Real Madrid are set to host FC Barcelona on 25th August and coach Carlo Ancelotti believes that the Catal... 
Tech Council of Maryland and Prince George's County Kick Off Collaborative Initiative with Reception on July 29 - 
Well, I dropped the ball... Got a ps4, haven't made any videos between Minecraft and Bloodborne. Tomorrow I'll post two to make up for it! 
"Click """"LIKE"""" if you're excited to hear our Copper River Salmon special! Check back tomorrow, 5/25, for more... 
Up watching kevin hart videos knowin I gotta drive in the morning. 
I wanna go to Chapel Hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold. I’ll just go to work instead! 
"Tuesday Raw Roundtable: Sting, Dudleys, Seth Rollins Clashes with Stephanie, Divas Beat The Clock: WWE had ano... 
Nigerian Troops have discovered Boko Haram terrorists supply routes: Nigerian troops on Wednesday said it has ... 
@user welcome to my usual dreams! :S Used to it by now. Other night was Merlin & Arthur & a dragon that was actually from Harry Potter. 
@user What is your food and drink policy for the AC/DC concert tomorrow night? 
Tomorrow my Diamond Dogs limited edition PS4 and MGS V arrive. Sadly a day later than it should be :c 
"Come celebrate Gaybor Day weekend with me tomorrow at The Roar Room for Gay Night if you enjoy comedy, dance... 
FB: Warriors fans can pick up the 3rd quarter of ESU’s 35-28 win vs West Chester (Oct 6) right now on ROOT Sports (DIRECTV 659, DISH 428) 
"The 2 ""Best P4P Fighters"" Rousey currently and Jones All-Time #1-Rousey is 12-0 (100% Finishes 97% in the 1st... 
Do u ever cry over ZAYN for a lite and then it seems like March all over again bc same 
MGM Grand sets @user tackles tomorrow at over/under 1.5. I'm taking the over. Special teams monster #hitstick 
Check out this article: 5 things you may not know about David Bowie 
Force Friday and Labor Day have nothing to do with Jesus!  
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh has downplayed the absence of Lille Metropole of France keeper, Vincent Enyeama from his squad" 
"Arrived to beautiful sunshine in Milan, but thunderstorms predicted through Thursday/Friday/Saturday. Dry race at the moment. #F1" 
@user @user @user @user im pumpkin carving again and watching the Alabama vs. Lsu game saturday night! 
"If you want to see an exciting finish to the 2005 UT at Bama game, check out CSS right now. 4th quarter 3-3." 
@user @user @user I'm also aware the audience may not like my take: Pro-choice, gay marriage, can't we just all get along..." 
"#AamirKhan celebrates Eid with brother #Faisalkhan and family  On July 18, Aamir Khan took time off to celebrate... 
Love it - George Osborne ruined my yoga retreat 
All film critic beware: Peter Travers of Rolling Stone is losing his staff position in the mag. Are we still needed? 
"*singing in my Beyonce voice* I may be young, but I'm ready...to give you all my love" 
#SaturdayMorningSlam tomorrow morning at 10am on the CW Network! @user vs @user will be taking place 
Entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay bike Tour. Happening in March. In #capetown. That gets a #woot! 
@user it's not about Jesus for us. ""Thursday"" is named after Thor...do you acknowledge Thor on Thursdays?" 
@user Nicole R, jov, two Capistranos, Kait, Me, Danee, Tuesday, and more... not sure of the others" 
Does anyone want floor seats for Ed Sheeran on Thursday?? Price negotiable!! 
@user Liam and Niall at the U.S. Open - September 2 -S #98-101 
"RT @user The Teen Choice Awards is tomorrow! I wish everyone from the cast of The Vampire Diaries, True blood and Supernatural Go ..." 
@user Are you going to Sam Smith tomorrow?? 
So its old story haunting Rahul Gandhi with a new twist 
if you don't like Sam Smith you may actually be satan himself 
Curtis going for it with a 4th and 6 coming up. 
@user I have a class at 8am tomorrow Niall you should follow me 
"Apparently Paper Towns is out tomorrow, in case you didn't quite get the memo.." 
What Would Derek Fisher Bring to the L.A. Lakers?: The Lakers may soon be creating a new position for free agent... 
"In 4th grade, I had a dream where I watched a family at Christmas and Hulk Hogan swallowed me whole out of the blue." 
James Martin makes flowerpot bread on Sat Kitchen did he steal the idea from @user ?? 
"Nikki Bella may have the Divas title, but she'll never have a child with John Cena." 
Price for Moto G 2nd edition already came down from 12999 to 9999 in the last one year. Further fall is expected. 
"Jessica is due to have her baby on the 8th of November, she will not be taking any new bookings until after the... 
@user I'd just order it from online then. If you have Amazon Prime, you'll have it by Friday. 
Expecting to see Frank Ocean on Saturday and you get an email saying he's not coming but Kanye is. Okay. #bittersweet 
"I miss our ""Go to Dunkin after work on Friday night and complain about customers and work"" sessions at Dunkin @user @user 
@user almost home :) we’re in Dubai na :))) u going to nin’s tomorrow ? 
"Germany refusing to bail out Italy: Source: polizeros.com --- Saturday, August 06, 2011Zero Hedge It just went f... 
"Caitlyn Jenner and her ex-wife, Kris Jenner, have reportedly been feuding over everything under the sun, #Teamfollower #Follow #ifollowback" 
@user @user hmm ok but prob compared to NCA it may well be ? 
I hope I can go to dunkin tomorrow bc it's the only thing that'll keep me awake/alive 
Updated #PackinSpain blog with some stat totals, like Lorenzo Brown and C.J. Leslie with double-doubles: 
@user was it friday by rebecca black???? 
Colts to start Painter at QB on Monday vs. Bucs - Curtis Painter will make his first NFL start at quarterback for th... LLLINKKK 
@user decent that bruv n I’m looking the Espanyol game in jan the 5th or 6th .. 
"Ice Cube announced a family friendly Friday sequel called ""Is it Friday yet""" 
#NobarAISMAROS | Arsenal vs Stoke city | Sabtu 12 september | Open 22:00 wita | At Homebase (warkop dg te'ne) | Dc: All about Arsenal. 
Scott Walker slips from 1st in IA polls w/ the caveat these polls reflect broader grp of GOP voters than caucus-goers 
Is Martin Atkinson being brought out on Wednesday to ’even it up’ 
look at the percentage chance of Milan finishing 6th. Strong green in a see of uncertainties  
Bentley volleyball falls in home opener to Convent-SF. Tomorrow is a new day, keep improving. #gophoenix #ontherise #bentleyvolleyballl 
Mass with the bishop of the Diocese of Raleigh tomorrow. I feel like I need it. 
throwback to my old fan account obviously the Shawn one hahah 
"The Yankees are currently beating the Red Sox 11-1...in the 4th. All you, Blue Jays." 
"Celebrity Big Brother starts tomorrow: Line-up rumours, theme and everything you need to know 
I feel like Hammond would be the only school in the county that would make us come to school tomorrow. 
Subscribe to Nash's channel to see when his new youtube video with Skylynn is uploaded tomorrow! @user 
Ming-Na Wen is in Push with Chris Evans. I can't help but just see Steve and May lol. 
Soundchecking in Grateful Dead Listening Party with Sunshine Daydream, (DVD), Veneta, Oregon, Aug 27 1972 
Galaxy Note 5 coming tomorrow: UK release date, price, specs rumours: When is the new Note 5 coming out? Today... 
Hmm Raspberry Pi - Scrap iPads in the class room - have some Pi instead #education @user 
3 way tie going into monday's final day.They are  jason day and Paul Dunne and last winner here Louis Oosthuizen.Speith just one back 
"As much as I want the Devils to take their Kovalchuk cash and go after Kane, it's really not the best move for right now. 6th seed at best." 
@user Check out Michael Ball in concert with Cork Youth Orchestra in Dec. 
I will be at the famous Bentley's saloon in Arundel Maine tomorrow night from 7 to 11 and it's also prime rib night 
"Yahoo...down 22 lbs! Once I'm in the gym 3-4 times a week after the 19th of November, the weight should drop off exponentially!" 
Carly Fiorina Prevails in Fight Against CNN Debate Rules: The network announced Tuesday that it had amended it... 
Late Friday meet was just to clear air, says BJP a day later: Sources said the rumour about Gadkari quitt... #india 
@user Wasn't the 2009 class 11th (last) in Big Ten? 
Randy Lynch at Oscars this Friday night with his band BLACK LIST. 
"Just got home to my mums place, left my PS4 at my uni appartment.. So my #PsyQo200kRC has officially ended.. i'll upload it tomorrow." 
@user I think the keyboard on the Surface Pro may be a weak point. Will be interesting to see what Apple does for hardware input 
Messi slips on sod laid over turf. Grass pitches all over US, this is stupid &amp; dangerous. Glad Kun has sat the first half. #MCFC 
Dustin Johnson wishes the tournament just got called by wind Saturday. 
Stuffed Pork Chop dinner 5-8p Sat night at Eagles Club in Cedar Rapids..1735 11th Street NW. I’m guest bartending.I DON’T make fufu drinks! 
Hillary knew what she was doing She may want U 2 think she didn't That is her sneaky way of doing things She knew exactly what she was doing 
David Price Earns 100th Career Win: The slumping Orioles lost for the 14th time in 16 games. Beginning... #NASCAR 
@user strong @user Anyone thinking of going to Chesterfield next Saturday, Edgar Davids v Luis Boa-Morte!? @user & I may be there 
"You can catch these guys performing late night at the Gin Mill and Grille in Northampton, PA this Friday!! This... 
"Mom asked me do we Wanna Go swimming or to the Carnival Tomorrow ," 
Me: lexi guess what’s on tomorrow night!!! Lexi: my dick me:...I was gonna say the New York Knicks opening night,... 
if you are confident Yakub was innocent  why you not push tiger before 30 july ? 
"Bubble update: While you were tweeting Trump, John Kasich has surged ahead of Rick Perry for 10th &amp; final debate spot 
@user Tat may be the president of Azerbaijan. I don't even think this is current. That's a very youngish Angela Merkel behind Abe 
@user or like you know some Gucci sun glasses and just say they are prescription. 
Personal opinion: Tom Brady is going to CUM all over the Steelers tomorrow! The motivation he must have after not being suspended... Yikes! 
". @user ha ha , good luck, tomorrow if IK says you Gay is islamic defend tht too &amp; worship him more .Ok" 
Why Blue Jays nation has fallen in love with David Price - Toronto Sun 
@user andreaaa :) are you going to the fair on Saturday? 
@user @user that when he went to hulk hogan party on Monday night #RAW 8/11/14 
@user It's from the movie ""Friday"" with Ice Cube and Chris Tucker. It's just a new way of saying ""Get out of my face.""" 
Saudi Arabia to reign in religious police powers: Saudi Arabia may reign in the powers afforded to the kingdom... 
@user @user they turn the eiffel tower lights off in January for Charlie Hebdo... 
@user just hmu when you get to raleigh tomorrow 
@user @user I usually wait until the unwashed masses have already seen it I saw Ant-Man on Saturday, &amp; the theater was almost empty" 
You can watch the LIVE #apple special event.  Join Apple here on September 9 at 10 a.m. PDT.  #iphone #ipad   
Ideal Home Show at Christmas - Earls Court 14-18 November, has partnered with ITV to bring Dancing on Ice to life at the exhibition. 
@user @user I got the PUBLIC sector, and the Muslims may refuse to do a gay wedding too, yet no one has asked them" 
Antonio Carluccio is the latest celeb chef to try his hand at an Italian eatery in Liverpool. Our 1st impressions... 
im trying the sydney dalton diet starting monday :)))))) 
Watching Sharknado after the Rousey fight. I think I have an idea for the 4th movie... 
Attention Yeezus: You may have just received another celebrity endorsement. It's been exactly one week since Kanye West's epic MTV Video 
I don't listen to Shawn mendes at all but never be alone was literally the soml Saturday 
Can it be the 24th already ? I really want my Naruto case already 
@user The Galaxy S III will be available in select stores this weekend, and in all MetroPCS stores and online on Monday the 22nd.-JG 
@user Hi there, How do I get o2 lounge tickets. For the U2 concert on Thursday 29th October at London O2" 
@user i feel like Nicki may have been joking but miley may not have known. Nicki is so vocal on twitter i feel like she 
george harrison here comes the sun original 
THE Federal Executive Council (FEC) rose from its weekly meeting Wednesday with the approval of N1.1billion for... 
David Ortiz blasted his 496th career home run during the Red Sox' 9-2 win over the Phillies on Saturday 
"Is Carly Fiorina Better Off Being Left Out?: Despite her rise in the polls, the GOP contender still may not ma... 
America better wake up! Many Christians and churches have their heads in the sand and are oblivious to reality! 
@user @user could have used him against Hou,  ran ball vs Indy, bad Def against Pats, & he won 1st Miami,  Let it Go lol 
Acha Hua Yeh Eid Bhi Tanha Guzar Gai....!! . . . Galay Se Lag k Rotay Agr Woh Aa Jaatay.....!! 3rd and the last day of Eid. 
@user whatever clr you may give to Pakistan it will shine... coz it is created in the name of Allah and ideologically on Islam... 
@user Yes, near the Winspear Opera House in the Dallas Arts District. We have them Mon-Fri. Here's a map: 
#favouriteAlbums BSB - Black&Blue; B2ST - Just Before Shock; THSK - Five in the Black; Maliq& D'essentials - 1st; Ra.D - Realcollabo 
"1st  film since ""2 n a Half Men,"" Charlie Sheen is set to star with Jason Schwartzman in ""A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charlie Swan III.""" 
Watching The Vow.... For the 4th time. 
REAL America will stand up for itself on Tuesday and make it count. Mitt is ready to lead us out of our Jimmy Carter funk we’re in 
"""""I don’t know of a rule that could stop QLD playing David Taylor"""" - the NRL to us on if QLD can play Taylor tomorrow in #Origin3 #nrl" 
Man Utd recall De Gea? Ceballos to Liverpool? Arsenal want Milan star? Back pages for Sept 8  
The Brits may find the feminised versions of professions offensive (actress instead of actor), the Germans are proud of theirs. #RandomShit 
Its about that time! Filthy Rich presents...... SATURDAY AUG 18. Email me for more info or check out our fac 
supposedly the Black Forest is getting some snow this weekend! Did we only imagine the 27 Celsius last Sunday?... 
it’s not too late to join us at LIPA 4:19 come along to our first session tomorrow to try it out. 9.30 am at the Joseph Wright centre in... 
The ISBA is hosting a professional lunch tomorrow with attorneys from Romannucci Blandin, CCSAO, & Ungaretti Harris.  Check The Record! 
hopefully it's gone by Tuesday cause me, Bentley , and Kyle are going shopping and people will probably think Kyle punched me ://// 
@user Shawn please tell us something about your M&amp;G in Spain, no one says anything and we are getting nervous bc the sale is tomorrow" 
Nice evening for a little walk. Apple Watch is telling me to stand up so better listen to it. #gettingfat #sunday 
"Poll Positions: Who Gets Into the Republican Debate: Rounding Could Decide: For now, John Kasich is in and Rick Perry is out of Thurs..." 
"Donny: How come you don't roll on Saturday, Walter?  Walter Sobchak: I'm shomer shabbos." 
Blue Jays ace David Price recently sat down for The Interview with Sportsnet magazine 
Jeb Bush is the victim of the 1st "Willie Horton" ad this cycle, &amp; it's by Trump Ironically, his dad made the 1st one 
"John Kasich was the last qualifier for the big #GOPdebate, 10th in the polls. He probably moved up tonight." 
#SAFC have brought on former #NUFC striker Louis Saha. The Frenchman is 6/1 to score the 2nd goal of this game. The draw is a 9/4 chance! 
@user Joseph Arthur tomorrow at Lincoln Hall with RNDM, a new project feat. Jeff Ament from Pearl Jam. 
@user I know what you mean. People are always shocked when I say my favourite game was Arsenal at Villa Park in 88 in 2nd LC replay 
"The Broadsheet: September 2nd: Good morning, Broadsheet readers! Carly Fiorina moves toward the GOP debate mai... 
any Lovatics going for the Jonas Brothers concert tomorrow night? 
@user and the 6th season is playing on tv right now? They needa put the 5th on Netflix already lol! 
RT @user RT if you love the song called last night on earth by Green Day.#IndoWantsGreenDay 
Anyone looking forward to Bioshock Infinite? Check out this new look at the game! 
@user @user @user see if you can get Norm to live tweet Big Brother on Wednesday. Thanks. 
The Minnesota Twins beat the White Sox and Chris Sale on Tuesday. They are now a surprising 68-63 overall and 41-25 at home. 
@user Islam is still protected under the 1st Amendment. 
more like *watches Kris Bryant come in and make an error in the 8th and it be the deciding run* 
"'I may not be around to celebrate with you the publication of gay literary history, but I'll be somewhere listening for my name.'" 
The latest edition of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo was revealed on press stands across France on Wednesday. 
I so miss the colliding helmets ABC Monday Night Football use to do. Plus the storytelling element that Frank Gifford and Bob Costas did 
Here until 2pm today! Then Romo is off to skate with the Saint Lunachix vs St. Chux Derby Chix at Queeny Park tonight! 
The @user bucket list. 1. Get an insurmountable lead. Check 2. Get swept by the 4th place White Sox. Check 3. Make your fans sweat. Check 
BEACH YOGA with JEN Monday- Friday 8:30am-9:30am Playa Azul  Come and Get your Yoga On!!! 
Hip-Hop Rumors: Is Maino Headed To Reality TV?: Brooklyn rapper Maino may be the latest rapper to be making the ... 
@user what's up with Saturday I know watching Hulk Hogan's cartoons from the 80s rotflmao 
Turkey: Erdogan tasks Davutoglu with interim govt - Until early vote November 1. Historic wait for Kurdish entranc... 
So is it written in the stars that Mayo will lose Saturday and Dublin will lose final to Kerry? #GAA #allireland 
@user my mom literally just asked me that. But lets go to the game Saturday & get Taco Bell before or after! 
Yakub held last talks with his brother Usman and Suleiman on Wednesday evening. He told them to take care of his wife and daughter. 
ORACLE GUIDANCE AUG 13 2015 : if you know what you want then it's time for you to push yourself to the limi... 
fuck im sad, last tuesday i was at harry potter studio tours having the greatest time ever 
Gift ideas for my 60th coming in October - 40 Ridiculously Expensive Gadgets for the Filthy Rich via @user 
Wouldnt 1D have posted a facebook statement first like what they did with Zayn? This is big news and it's just being reported by The Sun 
I see Scorsese may be teaming up with The Artist’s Oscar winning star Jean Dujardin... 
"FREE Walking tour of Luneta Park and video art viewing at Art Park the night before Christmas, Sunday December 23.... 
Updates to the Horn Matters Web Site: Regular visitors may have noticed some changes here at Horn ... #FrenchHorn 
@user  and i can see  Zayn's long eyelashes in what looks like sun rays above the wing... 
@user Bang him up front with Kane and play Sun and N'Jie on the wings then surely! 
Just showered, hittin up the Harold Washington library today for the entire day. There goes Sunday night football. 
I’m going to Georgetown tonight. 2nd annual Gtown fest 
Tuned in to the 4th quarter of the Knicks vs Heat game 
"Its the September 9th, still no Frank Ocean album..." 
Band practice tonight! Working on the #acoustic set for the #Hospice benefit on Sat for #PatRamsey. #Talahasseeevents # Tallahassee 
Imaaa be quiet all day tomorrow ... 
Can we finally stop talking about Jeb Bush now? Ben Carson is polling at #2 and may pass Trump soon. 
"""""@ESPNNFL: Rivers may have just entered CMon Man territory with that INT in the end zone -- #ChargerFansBooing"""" why did that need a hashtag" 
People are Photoshopping pictures of Chris Evans to make his waist look smaller? C'mon that's just as gross as when it's done to women 
@user Yeah the Big Bangs are like, the second rarest L9s anyway, so I’ll get them, they’ll be here on like, Fri if I order them 2day 
"Between College football, Big Brother, and Impractical Jokers tomorrow night I'm not gonna be able to leave the TV." 
@user see u sunday at Calle orange afterparty @user with @user 
Gucci inexpressibles pneuma probability october open the team thine exclusive invasive procurement versus gown... 
Winter Storm Watch for portions of the WDBJ7 viewing area  until 8:00pm Tuesday. 
Someone come see Ant-Man with me tomorrow. 
New Post: VIDEO: Watch Sunday Oliseh talk about his plans for Super Eagles pls re-share #newsonlineng 
More headlining festival dates for Rammstein, this time it’s Poland’s Impact Festival that takes place on the 4th... 
Truth a good film with great work by Cate Blanchett. Deserves more screens than that.  
"I had a dream I talked to zayn and harry, we were at the concert &amp; zayn was there to see the boys, then harry sat on my lap and danced WHAT" 
Didn't know Ice Cube was a ghostwriter but I guess it makes sense since he wrote Friday 
Mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike: Kolkata, Nov 1 (IANS) In the wake of yet another ... 
#DrewPeterson  Are you missing Drew Peterson yet?  Lifetime is re-airing the movie this Sunday.  It stars  *gasp*  ROB LOWE as Peterson 
About to watch Twilight now.. 1 & 3 .. I already saw the 2nd one (Backwards right?!) lol 
@user It's a worthy debate, but I'm not ready to bail on Google+ just yet. Check back with me tomorrow :-) 
@user eid falls on the 23, 24, 25th of Sept (wed thur, fri) and then 9th/10th Muharram is a thur, fri in October. And then some." 
"{Haha Ziiinggg} RT @user All across the US, with Live Feeds down, Big Brother fans are seeing the Sun for the first time in months." 
RT @user So @user apparently just announced at PowWow #311Day is in Vegas and there is another cruise in May (to Hawaii). Too ... 
"George Harrison wrote """"Here Comes the Sun"""" from the point of view of a suicidal vampire." 
@user who do you have this Saturday UDUB or DUCKS 
Mendez told me he'd drive me to MetLife on Sunday... My reaction: 
"Join the IHS Book Club and get a free copy of Paper Towns.  Thurs, after school in the IHS library. 
DIU PV tomorrow. If we don't see papa Jotaro or have David Bowie playing in the background I'll be a little salty 
You say it's not a right. SCOTUS says it is. Constitution says we follow SCOTUS. Fucking done! 
What a wonderful Sunday. We've already received great insight from the best of the Republican Party (Colin Powell) and worst (Sarah Palin) 
@user it may have been written it just probably wasn't completely finished or nobody knew about Calibraska yet 
"Wes Craven passed away. Kanye West wants to be president. Sad and confusing Monday it is, then." 
"John Cena looked woozy from the pop-up powerbomb, then even more after the messed up sunset flip 
"When I am king, Kendrick Lamar & Anna Kendrick will wed and he will be forced to take her name, thereby making him Kendrick Kendrick." 
We're heading to copenhagen to play the roskilde festival. We play at 3 am Saturday evening. If your at the... 
My mom changed the channel in the bottom of the 9th to the Food Network and I missed Kris Bryant's walk off. She sleeping outside tonight. 
Super Eagles will visit the Taifa Stars on September 5  #welovesport #sportsnownow @user  
Aashiq al Rasul will be at Eid in Trafalgar Square this Saturday and will be launching khairil inam the best of... 
Tip o' the day on Green Day Friday @user Give your old laptop a new life via Globetops  
"John Kasich: today seems like a good day to control the media cycle. Nice, calm Tuesday"" Twitter: ""Taylor Swift said what!?!""" 
@user Thought Paul Dunne might have done that on the 2nd tee 
get your tickets for the OFFICAL SOUTH ALABAMA FOOTBALL JUMPOFF!! only $5 !!!!   Club insanity SEPT 1!!! 
See tomorrow on my blog. Paris fashion week day 3 + Viktor & Rolf show #pfw #givenchy #alexandermcqueen #par 
One space has just become available on my Photography for Parents workshop on Sat 24 Nov in Cobham...more details here: 
"Get ready for Wednesday's presentation at WF-IoT in Milan, about Smart IoT Notifications 
@user @user @user If @user can't win the open tomorrow then I want Paul Dunne @user from Wicklow to win! 
"I wanted him on the Blackhawks so much. Instead, the blue line has no depth. Kruger is unsigned. Kane may not play.. 
I wonder if natchitoches central game home Friday I just might go.! 
New match added to SummerSlam card for this Sunday: Randy Orton vs. Sheamus has been added to the card for thi... 
"Paul Dunne's gonna puke on the first tee tomorrow. God love the kid, but he doesn't have any idea what he's in for tonight/tomorrow morning" 
Naruto's son has alot to live up to ... he's the son of the 7th hokage and grandson of the 4th hokage 
More information on the new Comme des Garcons fragrance being launched at CHURCH next Wednesday (17th of August): 
Rinaldi asked Paul Dunne anything to get his mind turning before the finale tomorrow. At least he didn't ask him about shanking?? @user 
"#instagood #food Yankees hit 3 HRs in 8-run 2nd inning, beat Red Sox 13-8 and leave Fenway with series victory  
@user @user It's not really a hiatus. There's just a 10-month space between Ant-Man and the next MCU film release, Civil War in May." 
why did u fave calvins tweet to zayn when you shaded taylor Hella hard december 16th 2012 at 8:17pm eastern time? @user 
Shevchenko for me in his Milan days. Although I may be slightly biased as he's a personal friend.   #ChampionsLeague 
RT @user Lady Gaga attending The Femme Fatale - Britney Spears concert in New Jersey tonight 
Hey!  Lauren (clarinet!) would like you all to know about this event hosted by BRIC!  Hey everyone, so on Sunday,... 
@user then stay home either way d: go watch Ant-Man tomorrow or something lol It's just what I'd do.Of course it's still up to you 
Contrast to the city of Milan. Last season 8th &amp; 10th.. now currently 1st &amp; 7th.. 
@user Utah tonight. Saturday rolling with Baylor, Stanford, and UCLA so far" 
@user F2 DUBAI  3 Nov, 7PM onwards with @user some VPs, and Directors! Check FB for details! @user @user 
Meatless Monday is promoted by Paul McCartney for ppl to give up meat one day a week. 
Gotta buy that Rolling Stone this Friday so I can read about Dre n'em 
Hope to see everyone at Eldora Speedway TOMORROW for the full UMP Nationals event! This evenings events have been... 
Don't forget The Vintage Bazaar tomorrow at @user its the last one in #frome before xmas @user @user @user 
Tune in to the 2015 MISS USA Pageant July 12 8p ET/5p PT in Baton Rouge LIVE on ReelzChannel 
Joe Biden on why he may not run for president: "my whole heart and my whole soul, both are pretty well banged up." 
What a time to get a net cord....Murray now 5-1 up in the 3rd to stay in the US Open... 
School tomorrow is gonna be fired up HA! you got something to say bad about Nicki? Prepare your argument you're bout to get shut down 
I wanted to see Columbiana for my birthday but it comes out on the 26th *rolls eyes* Guess ill go see it in Clemson. 
Are you ready to shop The New Collection from H&M tomorrow?? The Grey Concept from H&M #fashion #shopping #highstreet 
"Via DPN: #Syria, Deir Ezzor: Female martyr of the cemetery massacre. Friday, 19 October. 
@user Prototype Quadrotor with Machine Gun! VISIT FPS Russia a 5th mission impossible film?(:  
Arsenal Ladies are 0-0 at HT with FFC Turbine Potsdam in their Women’s Champions League Last 16 1st Leg Clash at Borehamwood. #WUCL 
"Brock Lesnar is home tonight.  &amp; how appropriate because after he loses Sunday, he's gonna go home &amp; stay there! @user #RAW #BrocksHomeComing" 
What if the world could vote on Nov 6? France leads the Obama camp, including Britain, Peru, Turkey, India among others 
I'm sorry to any Christians I may have offended but I'm an atheist &amp; if you have an issue with that just unfollow now #ThingsJesusNeverSaid 
"April Jones, Tahiti, Cuba? What's with total New York coverage? #uncareingworld" 
United's best business of the last 3 September transfer windows was sabotaging the De Gea deal with Real Madrid. Ed Woodward : Comedy genius 
"#guardiannews Top Gear returns to BBC on 8 May: Its presenter, Chris Evans, said that the show is already bein... 
"Got fiends throwin up on themselves like Willie Beamon. Any Given Sunday, Gunplays Optional. However a nigga want it like Soul La Soul." 
"I work on wednesday, if you come into Dons with a batman costume on ill let you take as many mints as you can hold in your hands." 
So that bitch @user gave me a show Wednesday! come to Rumours on Ice (not figure skating Fleetwood Mac) for the amazing show! 
me and Gisselle had plans to go see Paper Towns tomorrow but she won't reply to my messages 
"What YouTube can learn from #Youku (just completed a merger with Tudou, China's 2nd largest video sharing site.) #China" 
Go to the AHS football game tomorrow to buy Halloween fun run tickets 
@user oh cause my friend got something from china and they said it will take at least 6 to 8 weeks and it came in the 2nd week :P 
"STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON: Come for the great first act, stay for Ice Cube writing FRIDAY on his laptop saying ""I'm killing this screenplay!""" 
After the Blood Moon comes the Pumpkin Sun 
And the Jews and Christians say become Jewish or Christian so you may be guided. Say no rather the faith of Abraham ie Islam. 
TFI Friday. Chris Evans has a yellow Mr Happy Tshirt on tonight. We're al chanting for my namesake tonight 
Why was Amazon Prime Day on the 15th? That's not a prime number. Should have been the 17th #Math 
FM Preview: West Bromwich Albion v Arsenal 13 May 2012 - FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as Wes... 
RT @user BP oil spill activist Cherri Foytlin on Obama's handling of the crisis in the Gulf She was arrested  ... 
#DubaiSaturday will be #CollegeFever Nov 3rd. Free be4 12 with College Id 
@user my package is here,sitting in the P.O;no Priority delivery,on Sunday.They do.it for Amazon Prime??? 
If you have missed one of the many many many many FYI posts about this, the Apple event is HERE ---&gt; 
My parents just told me that I'm going to a Gay Marriage tomorrow. 
Tannehill may join Quinn and Rodgers, slide out of Top 20: Texas A&M’s Ryan Tannehill will be the third quarterb... 
Youth Soccer pictures are this Saturday (10/13)! Check out the youth soccer schedules on our website! 
Kent has now signed for Coventry so will not play for #LFC U21s against Chelsea on Friday night. Brannagan also linked with move away. 
"There are two type of Christians, ones that go to church every sunday, maybe pray once a day then there are the friends of God..." 
Andando in bicicletta a Roma -- si puo' dividere (share) pure li! Shareable: Changing Bike Culture in the Eternal City: 
"Watch @user reflect on her 2nd place finish at the London Grand Prix, in what was a very tactical 1500m race: 
Klas-Jan Huntelaar,Demba Ba,Fernando Torress and Fernando Llorente who do you want Liverpool to sign in  January? 
Big Show will face Brock Lesnar at MSG on October 3rd. Starting the rumour right here. Who thinks this will be Big Show's retirement match? 
this has also been the 1st episode of Hannibal that had no tension, action or killing at all. also, almost no (new) Hannibal Lecter scenes. 
Time for Russia to win big match - Capello: Russia manager Fabio Capello on Thursday said that he intended to re... 
"Breaking news: @user &amp; Owaisi to fast until death from 3am tomorrow for Yakub's clemency. If hung, both going to Saudi on 1 way ticket." 
"I watched the clock turn midnight, and just sat there thinking how crazy it is that I met Shawn exactly a year ago" 
Giants’ Scutaro leaves game with hip injury: San Francisco Giants second baseman Marco Scutaro left Monday’s NLC... 
For the 1st time in Serie A history, Juventus has lost their opening 2 games. Roma 2-1 Juventus -Dr.Cfc- 
At around 11pm on Monday, Winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him. When the concerned dad... 
Long Shot Call: Frank Ocean's new album will drop at the Apple press event on the 9th. 
"Posted 6 minutes ago: Shortly after dropping his Black Friday remix package with Kendrick Lamar, J.... #NewHipHop" 
my brother's going to be as old as niall tomorrow then after 10 days nialls going to be older again its nonsense i just wanted to mention it 
"As fans and media wait for a ruling on the Tom Brady case, the judge sends word that no ruling will be coming from him on Tues, Sept 1." 
The Book Of Souls Iron Maiden | Format: Audio CD   39 days in the top 100 Release Date: 4 Sept.... #music #follow 
"the announcement tomorrow, the rise of the john cena vids?  its all practically in our faces" 
@user Some guy served his food on a frickin big pebble on Saturday Kitchen. Just put it on the floor why don’t you? 
Raymond’s been busy and we have homemade Gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow’s homemade cake.  Soups will... 
Silly will just frank Ocean us with that tomorrow story matter 
@user he could totally sell out &amp; have a 3rd act here. Phone Calvin, Sheeran, Adele, Frank Ocean. A chaotic album of bangers for hire" 
September 13 47 Indian Prime Minister #Jawaharlal #Nehru suggests the exchange of four million Hindus and Muslims between India and Pakistan 
@user What were Mason's 2 good chances? Kane's 2nd (was that the one creeated by Chadli, where he had 4 bodies to shoot through)?" 
I would take a ride to the N.O. tomorrow if #oomf says the word #SubTweet ..... 
"Samson Siasia, Stephen Keshi and now Sunday Oliseh all cant be lying about Mikel Obi's attitude of disdain concerning Super Eagles" 
Survey: Federer has ostensibly the toughest 4th round match, but is there a tougher one? Does Isner win a set? Does RBA? 
Donald Trump: 'I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am #breaking-news 
The NFL cleaned up at Wednesday night's ESPY Awards: From the blog Shutdown Corner: Of the 10 awards that could'... 
Pope radically simplifies Catholic marriage annulment procedures: VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Tuesday made it simpler an... 
Stanford will play at San Diego State on November 1st. Saint Mary's goes to Arizona on the 2nd. UCLA hosts UNLV on the 8th. 
@user hahaaa. well if u wanna take me to brazil i ain’t gonn say no. How about viva brazil tho next Friday night? Bit cheaper XxX 
@user got the NIT tournament tell ya chapter we play tomorrow 10am at dula gym 
"Ebola """"@DaniWKYC: It's about a five min delay into downtown Cleveland on I-90 EB. Accident near W. 25th St. @user 
"Deron said he'll practice tomorrow. Could've gone today, he said, but he was told to wait 2 days to let injury heal up." 
I remember in middle school when ever it was Friday they would sing Friday by Rebecca black. 
@user I may have mentioned that I had just came back from Jurassic World and was sleepy when TLing. I can't recall my thoughts. 
how much you wanna bet zayn will come online today or tomorrow 
"#TimPeake is now listening to Lady Gaga, but it's not on his playlist. Must be pick of another astronaut? 
Tomorrow is All Souls Day - join us for Mass at 8.30am or 7.15pm. Holy Hour after the 7.15pm Mass, led by... 
Chelsea make Ivory Coast star January priority | GiveMeFootball via @user 
@user i have bought MOTO G 3rd Gen, it has a gsm and a LTE (micro sim) slot,i put my primary number in the gsm slot, (1/2)" 
@user im going Saturday with you and Vanessa. 
Seems like Snoop Dogg may need to make way for the title of World's Greatest #Stoner for a certain W. Shakespeare | 
@user @user it started in the Sun years, before even Oracle came into the picture. 
Matt Harvey shows up when he needs to do I'm not even sweating tomorrow. deGrom makes me nervous. But Thor in game 7? Pshhh it's a wrap #LGM 
@user @user Ah, google has her alive on the 1st June (Express interview) as does wikipedia but.... 
@user Come SUPPORT the SHOW/MOVEMENT at Parkdale High School on Oct 26th from 8-11 w/ AJA, DREAMTEAM, HQB, DSB & HIB 
I was all in on Sharknado. Never brought myself to watch 2. If anyone is watching 3 instead of Gold Cup tonight I may throw a shark at you. 
Romo finished 2nd at ACC again!: For the third consecutive year Tony Romo finishes second at the American Centur... 
My dad &amp; I get Dunkin every Sunday &amp; it feels so weird getting it w/o him today 
Andrew Miller blows his 1st save of the yr as Josh Hamilton hits a walk-off single to help the Rangers beat the Yankees 7-6 
How to watch Federer and Murray on Monday at the 2015 US Open: Roger Federer will look to punch his ticket to ... 
@user Courtney walked into the shop as she sat down looking at some papers then looked up ""Naruto? are you okay?""" 
"Chuck Close talks process in anticipation of his opening @user tonight, 6 to 8 PM at 534 West 25th Street 
Irish clash tonight ... Big Andy versus Keano, c’mon you #WhitecapsFC 
#afc Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday’s game between Man Utd and Arsenal in the Premier League. 
"7 years ago today, Josh Hamilton, who at one point hits 13 consecutive, hits 28 HR in the 1st round of the #HRDerby. 
Asia shares gain despite oil worries: Asian shares rose on Tuesday despite another fall in oil prices after Iran said it planned to i... 
@user my mom already bought tickets and they are in the same section we sat at metlife and they were $35 for both but I want floor seats 
@user How Close do you think the US Sen Race in Mass will be between Sen. Scott Brown & Elizabeth Warren on Nov 6th? 
oH MAN i thought the deadline for ACT was tomorrow I have until the 9th bless 
Dalken with RBI single to RF scores Cofield from second. Jags lead 11-3 with 2 out in the 9th. Troy pitching change coming up. 
@user When Mike hears about Hulk Hogan: C'mon guys he's not that bad. He probably was just having a bad day bahhhhh 
Here is the average NFL rank of Peyton Manning &amp; Tom Brady's defenses:  Tom Brady: 8th out of 32 Peyton Manning: 15th out of 32 
I guess I’ll just sleep in Martin’s class tomorrow.. lol 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gay and civil rights activists gathered in downtown Brooklyn on Thursday to condemn the prosecution of the chief... 
BWW Reviews: ALADDIN at the 5th Avenue Theatre - Very Disney Park - Broadway World 
Paul Dunne has an even par front nine. He is -12 and three off the lead at the Open. Harrington has birdied the 11th 
Federal Reserve stands firm on bond-buying program: The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday that it is s... #business 
@user Yep, Kolarov and Wilson are two I want in for sure. May even get shot of Eriksen as Kane isn't scoring." 
I stay up til 6:30 every morning just to watch Between the Lions. 
"TIL that the band ""The Hanson"" was in Katy Perry's musics video Last Friday Night. 
E! News Terrence Jenkins w/moderate keynote with First Lady Michelle Obama on July 23rd, 8am. For the 2015 Beating The Odds Summit. 
Check out the new Iron Maiden Video from their forthcoming album Book of Souls out September 4th! \m/ Listen to... 
"Milan, Fiorentina and Roma are interested in signing #Juventus defender Andrea Barzagli, his contract ends in June, #Juve want to keep him." 
"The honeymoon seems over for newly appointed Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh who will tonight hit the Abuja... 
Tomorrow for Splash Dance we have Digitalism @user going to be Wet &amp; Wild... 
@user Nigga where you ain't gonn see nobody Monday this is why Lexus IS my fav 
Carly Fiorina campaign on fire as she surges up to 3rd: #tcot #carly2016 
Flight with Denzel Washington comes out tomorrow >>>> 
@user I hear u she due the 4th or whenever Milan feels like she's ready to make an appearance 
Out here making fun of Kim for being pregnant when we should be questioning why it's the last day of August tomorrow &amp; where is Frank Ocean? 
Slap Shot: Nash, Back From Injury, Skates for Davos: Rick Nash of the New York Rangers returned to action in Switzerland on Tuesday. 
About time this was banned, along with Monsanto itself! 
George on Seinfeld may be the biggest piece of shit in the history of Humanity 
FM Preview: Derby County v Peterborough United 28 Apr 2012: FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide... 
Watching Cowboys/Jets game...let's see what Romo is going to do tonight... 
Oh man. Seth Rollins is going to be on @user in Friday and it's my day off :( 
"Wanna see Jason Aldean, Cole Swindell &amp; Tyler Farr in VA Beach TOMORROW NIGHT?! It's the Burn It Down Tour and... 
Friday night and I'm just Chillen eating dunkin with jay waiting to see mars 
New Orleans Saints live updates from Joe Vitt, Drew Brees press conferences: Vitt, Brees talk about Monday night... 
If you're not already signed up to test my iOS game, nows your chance! 
I see that Hulk Hogan is not sat with the NWO #NXTTakeOver 
"Global Pi Day, March 14 (representing 3.14) July 22 Pi Approximation day (22/7)" 
@user hey, I think you ve done a mistake on th journal,Sep 3,it is equpiment, HST recoverable and A/P Jims and not bank ,it is an invoic" 
@user Thanos sat there ..and Thor just kneelt beside him.. he pulled his hair back ..and Thor was just red from blood.."" here he is""" 
PSG's asking price for Adrien Rabiot is 13 million. Milan have shown previous interest in the central midfielder. [The Sun] 
NYFW doesn't begin until Thursday. Y'all gonna get Nicki inadvertently cursed out cz mfs gonna think she stayed home. 
Fab &amp; 50's tapes the only shit I been playing lately.. Well add cole and kendrick's Black Friday too of course 
Some had been saying he’d peaked, even back in Paris-Nice in March when the leaves hadn’t come out on the trees. He’s serving hat sauce now. 
@user Similarity between #Mohandas Gandhi &amp; #Narendra Modi: Have you seen Dandi March video clips?Both r working through @ fast pace. 
Y'all I just realized and we haven't spoken about this in a while but if Briana is really having a baby she is due in January I believe... 
Nice! USL scalability analysis for ORACLE 9i appln. Learn more at the Sept 21 GCaP class 
@user introduced me to Big L when i was in the 9th grade. i was really deaf to real hip hop music back in the 9th grade lol 
My boys @user &amp; @user just came on shuffle on my iPod and now I MISS MULLED WINE NIGHTS AND THE 8TH FOLD AND THEM. 
Got #Revenge on the mind? Niners host Giants in NFC Championship rematch tomorrow! Score last minute tix here: 
Mayweather vs. Rousey will never happen in the boxing 
@user You don't think a 27 win BYU would get a 7 seed and maybe win a game? Or you don't think BYU will win 27ish by selection Sunday? 
Final Destination 5 opens this Friday.  Tell us about your closest brush with death for a chance to win a pair of... 
"Before the MLL Championship this Saturday, Rolling Stone wrote up this feature on Paul Rabil and Rob Pannell... 
i've got a feeling that when i go into school tomorrow more people are gonna know about shawn and most likely will act like his 
Just added a Google+ Hangout to the schedule--see YOU on November 21?! Details here: 
Mega Shark vs Kolossus in preparation for the release of Sharknado 3 tomorrow! #birthdaymonth #syfy 
"I'm going to Machine Head at Sala Razzmatazz in Barcelona, Spain - Nov 15 
’Edgar Davids pulled on his boots to lead bottom of League 2 Barnet to their first win of the season on Friday night’ 
"The Crown Inn, Lechlade summer beer festival starts tonight! &amp; don't miss Lechlade Cricket Club big car boot sale on Monday at 1pm" 
It is a big day in Henryville as students displaced by the March 2 tornadoes finally return to class at their new... 
My mom thought there were only 4 Harry Potter movies, I think I may have been adopted...oh by the way she's seen all 8. 
If Sunday Oliseh can get the best out of Rabiu Ibrahim...makes a lot of sense moving 4ward for d Super Eagles 
Roma boss Garcia demands more ahead of Juventus clash: Roma will attack Juventus from the outset on Monday (AE... 
"Real Madrid have signed a seven-year-old Argentine boy, a spokesman for the club confirmed on Monday 
Off to bed with sexy Mr man, tomorrow morning watch out Galveston here we come just made 100 jello shots 
Duchess of Cambridge reveals Prince George thinks he is three: Prince George may have just turned two but his ... 
#RovingMind - Mood of the day : Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by @user on #SoundCloud 
Paul George with a silky smooth 1st Q #PacerNation 
So I’m gonna go see Destructo on the 16th and probs pop some pills cause I slightly miss my raving days. #Lightshow anyone? 
I just want all of you to know that I foresaw Ricky Martin being gay when I was in 3rd grade 
Nike Debuts Air Jordan VI Retro Golf Shoe: The golf industry may be in the sales bunker but Nike hopes amateur... 
| | Premier League Team of the Week: Van Persie makes cut for 10th time this season as Szcze... 
Vote ’Castle’, Stana Katic & Nathan Fillion in the 2013 People’s Choice Awards: Tomorrow marks the final day of... 
The GOP loves Israel and Israelis and Israelis would be happy about 1st Jewish American president. #Bernie2016  
"""""Basically the whole point of Mardi Gras is to sin as much as you can before ash Wednesday"""" @user 
@user Indeed, hopefully Kane's England success gives his season kick-start it needed. 3 points absolutely vital on Sunday, nothing less." 
"He's tired, will recant on Tues MT @user Scott Walker just told Stephanopolous that Obamacare had $1 trillion in tax increases." 
The passing of Frank Gifford reminded me how great sports used to be before the ESPN's wrecked . Monday Night Football was an event 
"WWE Raw Preview (31 August Taping): Sting, John Cena to be in the Spotlight 
First Girls Varsity Basketball Game tomorrow at 6:00 pm Then Football Senior night at 7:15 pm  See you there! Go Saints! 
@user be that as it may, it was very much not a movie that you'd expect someone of Chris Evans caliber would be in." 
@user make u register for the undergrad summit in ATL jan 25-26 
SNSD releases their Music Videos for 'FLOWER POWER': With just two weeks to go before the release of their 6th J... 
@user Is there going to be a Bernie Sanders rally at Woodruff Park on 17th? 
"Attempting to outflank Trump's Mexican Wall, Scott Walker will build Canadian wall. But what about Guam, Hawaii?  
All home based players have been released from the Super Eagles camp for this weekend NPFL games. They are expected to resume on Monday 
"Briana draking it because of Ivan, you good? 
Anyone want a ticket to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean Friday night? 
Seth Rollins...White Power Ranger or 6th member of Backstreet Boys in I want it that way video 
@user you could also try allium moly which may have or may not have been what Odysseus used to counter Circe’s magic. 
Dinner in Athens with my friend, @user Preparing for our game on @user this Saturday. #OleMiss #Georgia 
"Scott Walker is not in favor, not now, of failing to not follow or never not violate the 14th Amendment. Why can't you understand this?" 
@user Morgan may be next face of US women's soccer: They just didn't know who her opponent w... Youth Soccer 
GM sat slide down big bangs #JAYZ will be in the building 
Kim Kardashian may be onto something with these new emojis tbh 
#MovieNight tomorrow at the student union @ 8pm the movie will be Safe House! #TeamUAPB 
Eve has 2 different styles; Jared Leto or Michael Jackson... What will it be tomorrow ? Stay tuned to find out 
May or may not just met 80% of the ppl in Christians building 
Ice Cube's son could get it all and twice on Sunday. 
@user I'll get to see Rousey with you in Jan! 
#Dodgers will not make the postseason. Their bullpen is a bigger liability than Hulk Hogan in a Million Man March event. 
i don't understand the john cena meme but i need there to be one with him and april and the end of the johnny karate ep of parks and rec. 
Naruto is actually going to be a live action movie 
okay for real if someone has tickets for the Ed Sheeran show on October 8th let me know i will do anything to be at that show 
"Straight outta Compton was class, been cruising about like Ice Cube since Sunday." 
I wish the Pope would do ANYTHING other than canonize Serra when he visits my school on the 23rd.  I really like... 
Our founder (@CharlieHilton) will be speaking at Social Media Week (#SMWLDN) on Friday. Read about it: 
lol he's better than any United centreback, would be 4th choice at Arsenal 
"I'm leaving for Milan tomorrow, and realizing I should be sleeping cuz it's 5am there rn, and still night here....." 
I am at H.B. Stewart Arena for tonight's 5A-West showdown - Siloam Springs and Greenwood. B/G games have implications for top of standings. 
@user AND you were played on Styled To Rock on Tuesday night :-)x 
"I'm 20, it's Friday and the only thing I've got to look forward to today is going on Netflix and watching season 2 ep 9 of gossip girl #trap" 
I forgot Salt N Peppa and Snoop Dogg coming to the fair on the 2nd.. 
L' ECOLE CULINAIRE SALT OF THE EARTH FESTIVAL: On Sept 15th some of the top chefs in th... Comment On My Blog! 
@user @user @user One dude sat by his truck with Israel flags flying preaching from his Christian Bible. Really???? 
CJ AND KRECKMAN WEDNESDAY: The guys are at Stoney’s getting ready for the Nuggets season opener. Altitude’s Chris... 
Sat watching New Jersey shore in uk @user @user  walking along the boardwalk. After the watching the news 2 nite gutted 4 New Jersey 
Kane really missed Eriksen today. Hardly got a sniff. Still did very well in the 2nd half. Definitely needs someone to support him 
People that are like 3rd year seniors << It’s about time you move on w/ high school. This is not Degrassi where you’re the same age forever 
"Moto G (3rd Gen) launched with 13MP camera, 4G support for Rs 11,999 exclusively via Flipkart   Read More:... 
Kaylee bet I wouldn't get my tweet on sharknado and she may be right 
Just spent 15 mins trying to make the Iron Throne from Game Of Thrones out of Jockey Whips for the big clash tomorrow. Fail ! 
Tomorrow marks 5 months since ZAYN left the band can everybody like post videos of their reactions 
Drake & the weeknd all day tomorrow. 
Maria thinks Harry is gonna leave the band in January and collab with Zayn on like 5 albums  and then maybe works with naughty boy same 
Bad Blood sounds like it was written by a 7th grader who's mad at her best friend..... Yet here I am singing to it in my car 
last day of ISTEP tomorrow. #Tg #OverIt 
@user He is an advanced college guy but even Kris Bryant didn't see the bigs til his 3rd pro season. Zimmer is great but no Bryant. 
@user calibraska isnt available in Vietnam yet and it's July 24th boooiiii 
I'll bet Scott Walker thinks about March 31st a lot. 
im goin to Allderdice on friday!! seems like it be smackin. 
The Mets are winning 16-7. David wright is in his first game in 4 months. It's the 9th inning. He's still in. 
Can't glance at a TV w/o seeing John Kasich on a Sunday show. Let's mobilize the Mich militia &amp; take back Toledo while they're preoccupied. 
Personality conflicts may have led to three top Jeb Bush fundraisers leaving the campaign, but they are still working with the former 
When you see @user on Monday night raw in a seth rollins shirt @user @user #MondayNightRAW 
@user Eduardo you want to go to MLK tommorrow or thursday 
Davos coach Del Curto expects Rick Nash to return tonight. Davos are a fairly bad 10th in the table with 9 points from 10 GP. #NYRangers 
"It was built to lure another team. I think the Mariners, Giants and White Sox were the three that came closest. 
"If you tuned into Caitlyn Jenner's reality series ""I am Cait"" on E! last night, you may have see one of our... 
I may not be @user friend anymore if she doesn't watch AT LEAST the first episode of Game of Thrones. Like cmon give it a shot 
"Amy Schumer may have brought us Trainwreck, but that word just got redefined on #TheVoice." 
"BTN Football Practice Tour starts tomorrow.  Leg 1 - Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and Nebraska.  I'll keep you updated.  Stay in touch." 
Kendrick's To Pimp a Butterfly was at 1st (2) (p)IMP (a) (c)ATERPILAR.tupac.the last track on the album ends in a conversation between the 2 
Jets selection of Wesley Walker (2nd round 1977 draft), without knowing he was LEGALLY BLIND in left eye, led to creation of NFL combine. 
@user I think pardew started the craze off Sunday !!!!! Collocini compared to Bobby Moore 
#Toronto Blue Jays took a 3-0 lead into the 8th inning but David Price gave up 3 runs and Aaron Sanchez couldn't... 
I just signed the petition "David Cameron MP, Rt Hon Theresa May MP: We are willing to house Syrian refugees;... 
@user my iPod is actually 6th generation . Google it out 
@user  guest Sr.WH Advisor Valerie Jarret from IRAN, talks 'bout BHO Admin's reformation of the Criminal Justice System at 1:55am. CST Mon" 
"Ronda Rousey: UFC 157: Rousey vs. Carmouche: The UFC will make history on Saturday, February 23rd. Undefeated superst 
so im guessing j cole dropping an album with kendrick on February.. am i right? or no? 
If this is my last tweet I died in a airplane crash if not then I'll be at the Red Sox game tomorrow. 
when briana's stans try to make her nam trending &gt;she just got 9th (thats with our help tho) while just a minutes &amp; #BrouisIsFake got 3rd :D 
Find out more about our guest Lesley Thomson before she pops up at Book Swap tomorrow night: 
The girly technique of "CUTE" may be going out of style as a distraction of our national will. It led to Obama and we can see its fruits! 
So FIFA and NBA 2K are coming out on the same day and I am also upgrading to a PS4. September 25 is going to be an expensive day 
A script by the Coen brothers. Alan Rickman naked. Just a few of the things going for ’Gambit’ (out Nov 21st).... 
New trailer for Sky Atlantic's The Last Panthers  Series starts on November 12th  David Bowie has written the... 
"911, Charlie Hebdo and Friday the 13th at the Stade De France all have one thing in common... 
Literally anxious abt the iPad pro announcement today. You gonna disappoint again Apple or is it srsly the 2nd last product I'll need from u 
@user @user michael jackson or harry styles? the world may never know 
some Big Bangs fans has been spending the nights at Stadium Merdeka since yesterday... YESTERDAY...... and the concert’s tomorrow........... 
Interesting perspective on Saudi Arabia's involvement in the rise and defeat of #ISIS today in @user 
I was challenged to post three things about myself that you may not know... 1. Michelle Obama WAS NOT the first... 
"Passionate about CNIS' work, be a rep at Ten Thousand Villages in your hometown on Mar 8 - Steinbach 355 Main Street" 
Timmonsville with a 26 yd throw. 1st down on the 1 yard line. Trying to even the score @user 
It was weird seeing Robert Griffin the 3rd and Justin Tuck playing football and not eating subway sandwiches 
Oh F that it's choreographed No F u lol.. Seth Rollins' Knee Breaks John Cena's Nose on Monday Night Raw 
"Real Madrid paper work didn't collapse! They're being clever, they'll wait till January when they can hold contract talks with De Gea!" 
Amanda Nunes won't call out Rousey but she may be the biggest threat to Rousey's title  #mmacrypt #mma 
me and Kerry have somehow got to get away with leaving the hotel tomorrow with a snapped bed, no cutlery and broken curtains 
"Today, September 1, is the World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation.  The diversity of Christians praying for... 
"Before the first year, nobody gave it a chance. Now, 36 years later, everybody knows Monday Night Football. Frank Gifford" 
Do you know what happens to Muslims without Walaa &amp; Baraa? Wallahi a MUST READ!!! May Allah protect Muslims in West. 
"1. Drake  2,3,4 is Sean, Kendrick, Cole whatever u want the order to be   5. no idea who in that 5th spot...Nicki? I'll leave that to y'all" 
Im watching the Katy Perry movie.. on a saturday night lol what does that make me? 
Set her @user bout in December at 135 to prove she can make it....then no excuses not to make Rousey fight. 
"Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma was crowned Miss USA on Sunday, wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fie... 
Westbound into the U.S.- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - Eastbound into Canada- Trucks 20 minute delay-cars clear 
"Lots of total bases today for Ryan Braun as he hits a triple in 8th inning, already has a home run Sunday. #Brewers" 
Let's play 'how much liquor can Briana get her hands on at the family party before anyone notices' tomorrow. 
I only have this radio contest and the one at 7 left after that I have no hope of seeing shawn tomorrow 
Hillary has her own Mini-Me? Can't wait to see Trump's! Or has it been his hair all along? @user #uspoli  
@user @user @user  so and its it's still and always gonna be Milan Monday's. They not waking up the building like u did 
White Sox score 3 runs in 10th to move past Mariners 6-3: Tyler Saladino walked to open the 10th against Danny... 
Sitting at home on a Saturday night watching Magic Mike XXL in bed with my dog and a pizza box wondering why I'm still single. 
Donald Trump on Kentucky clerk: Gay marriage is 'law of the land': Trump said Friday he wishes a Kentucky county clerk who refused to... 
Somewhere in Kerry last night. Now back up to Dublin for the night before going back to Leeds Tuesday. 
Sitting in the sun listening to Nipsey Hussle 
Special Programming Note: Tonight's episode of Big Brother will air at 11:35 p.m. and Under the Dome will air Friday at 11:35 p.m. 
@user Correct on the Red Sox, no Orioles. Ruf - Alternate jersey, base from 1st career HR &amp; 2 game-used bats" 
Last interview in the city tomorrow then SIGNING DAY! 
Kris Jenner Steps Out With North West and Penelope Disick: Kris Jenner may be in the process of separating fro... 
so i've been sat watching the junior champs not realizing the london grand prix was on -.- 
"Ben Howland lands Tony Parker. UCLA now has the No. 2, 3, and 20th best players in the country. UCLA reloaded big time." 
Anyone want to buy my Foo Fighters ticket for tomorrow?!? 
"Drake went in on meek again, it's all over! The only beating worse than this was the one Rousey delivered on Saturday" 
Hulk Hogan's team calls leak of rant a low blow: Hulk Hogan's legal team in its lawsuit against Gawker says the website may have leak... 
Winter Storm Watch remains in effect from Monday evening through Wednesday morning for the Smoky Mountains. 4-8 inches of snow is possible. 
A panoramic shot taken Saturday at the Devil’s Den Yellow Rock bluff. Mike 
"#bournemouth Lions taken back to den for repairs: IF YOU follow the Pride In Bournemouth trail today, you might ... 
@user hey since you asked me yesterday this is what the king looks like aka Anderson Silva aka 'The Spider' 
ang sarap mging panganay. Pag ikaw may kylngan wala kang matakbuhan.:D 101 #realtalk #grind #onyourown" 
Remember when everyone thought frank oceans new album was gonna come out July 20th and here we are now August 8th with no frank ocean album 
iknowushould2 will be at the Tom Joyner Health Festival @ the Liacouras Center tomorrow come out for freebies! @user @user 
NIRVANA VAPOUR Tomorrow only we're offering %20 off the entire collection  #candles 
"But whatever The Sun says ( well most) come out true  And most media said Zayn will leave, he did  Baby rumours are confirmed by Louis" 
20 countries to attend IranPlast 2012 expo:  TEHRAN - The 8th edition of the IranPlast exhibition will open on ... 
Found out that Monster Hunter 4 on the 3DS has online so I guess I may end up playing it? 
LMAO RT @user Monday Night Football tonight.....the New York Not Yets vs. the Houston Texans 
David Price and Josh Donaldson lead Blue Jays' in 9-2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night. #MLB 
Live Blog - Friday, November 2 at NOON EDT: The Breeders’ Cup is here. Join, Tom, Pete, and Frank to talk about ... 
I wonder how long it will take for Chris Evans to slip in a plug for TFI Friday or Top Gear. #BBCMusicAwards 
@user oh there UE Monday ok. I wonder what days we'll have cause of the Pope 
Tuesday Treats - All About KPop with ThisKPopGuy: via @user 
Nigeria's Super Eagles have arrived in Tanzania ahead of the game against the Taifa Stars on Saturday. Super... 
Why is John Kasich there? Was he the 12th caller? #GOPDebate 
@user you better safe that Chicago style popcorn for Big Brother on Sunday 
"my mom just came in to my room, sat down on my bed, and with a straight face said ""Tina, 24 days until we see Ed Sheeran.. what do I wear?!""" 
"Rahul Gandhi say Modi Singapore me aur i khet me, you lived out of India 50 days may be Bangkok, Thailand lost energy gaining now from khets" 
"September 9th Blues on the Bridge, Binghamton NY, 12pm - 10pm. Come see us at our table and our demonstrations during the course of the day." 
"If you're going to Saturday's Ben Sollee show, make sure to stop by and see Abby at the KFTC table, and if you... 
@user Thanks. Any credibility to Kane interest with Huberdeau as centerpiece? Or shall I just wait until tomorrow? 
"Not getting a good run with frees for, another goal to Murray from a free kick 16 points up midway through 2nd" 
#PS4 Horror Game Knock Knock Creeps to PS4 on September 10: A game created as the result of a mysterious email... 
"LG may update the Optimus 2X to ICS after all, releases source code: The saga of the elusive ICS update for the ... 
#MTVStars Lady Gaga  We can last till the 15th 
"Ideal weekend getaways: With Raksha Bandhan and Independence Day falling on Saturday and Monday this time, it ma... 
Seems you need a new Tv if you didn't see Saraki with the President at a meeting and at Eid prayers! 
US expands Ebola screenings at airports An official of the White House said on Friday in Washington that five in... 
BSCA Delhi police says report about Sunanda Pushkar's death inconclusive: Delhi Police said Friday the forensi... 
@user no not yet, going Taiwan soon for training then passing out December 21st. Looking forward to not being a recruit/trainee ha 
Caitlyn Jenner -- I Won't Answer Questions About the Crash ... For Now  via @user 
Top 5 Upcoming Games for the PlayStation Vita: After a slow start back in March, the PlayStation Vita has ... - N4G 
Here is how Michael Jackson may have done it. 
Still not 100% accepted the fact that I spent Friday night watching Snoop Dogg in a field in the middle of Derbyshire.. 
"Terrence Jones & Anthony Davis presented roses to the Derby winner. Meanwhile, Mike Marra & Peyton Siva gave the 3rd place horse a carrot." 
"2NE1 rocks Okinawa with stylish airport fashion  On 2012 October 28th, 2NE1 performed at the """"KPOP Paradise... 
@user @user    Ah Curtis must have passed it around from Tuesday 
@user headlines the @user Pro Combine Oct 25th &amp; 26th in Ventura.  Sign up today! @user @user 
My phone interview with Disney World for the Web Design internship is tomorrow! 
@user mi jefe me invito   I have an extra ticket for Foo Fighters concert on Thursday night. Are you interested?tuve q decir  ican't 
It could be possible cause I remember Orochimaru being a female In the 2nd chunin exam in Naruto He has 2 sex organs 
"Some of our photos from the @user premiere at the Winspear Opera House, May 31. 
"Even the toughest fighters can benefit from a bit of yoga. Here are the White Collar boxers fighting on Saturday,... 
"RT @user Source says WRs Dorin Dickerson and Juaquin Iglesias, TE Jeff Dugan and OL Donald Thomas worked out with Steelers yesterday." 
Not 1st time we’ve had shocker at Anfield on Halloween.We can all see what needs to be done.Carry on Brendon, you’ve got my backing #lfc 
"Christians Preachers &amp; Believers must watch Sunday worship, Christmas &amp; Easter &amp; what the Bible says!!!  
Who’s ready for the Labor Day Weekend? The Singapore Slingers tomorrow, Ian Moore Saturday, Del Castillo Sunday. 
"If #Democrats held a Chapelle Show-style draft, I'd take John Kasich with the 1st pick. #IThoughtYouHadToBeCrazyToComeToThisParty #GOPDebate" 
@user the same Scioscia who called for a pitch out on a 2-2 count with 1 out vs. White Sox on Thursday? 
"Powerslave is the fifth studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 3 September 1984 on... 
Find us at Arrington this Saturday 11/3 at 5pm... Bring a picnic... a blanket... and cozy up with some Wine and Jazz 
"Kris Bryant takes Garza way out and Cubs fans are on their feet. 1-1, bottom of the 2nd. #MILvsCHC #Brewers 
@user Rush said the other day that HRC was worst S.O.S. ever but Kerry is catching up..(may have been quoting someone) 
Looking forward to @user tt in tuscany with our trip may 10-17 and press conference in milan for route announcement oct 5 
Photos I took Tuesday morning of the aftermath from Hurricane #Sandy in a 2 block span of Long Beach, NY 
Did you know that 'Ryan Braun' was Trending Topic on Monday 17 for 4 hours in Milwaukee? #trndnl 
Nadal has not played since 28 June, when he lost to Czech Lukas Rosol 6-7(9), 6-4, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 in the Wimbledon second round. 
@user how's Teengirl Fantasy? I may get in the car and drive to @user to stuff my face with duck buns.. 
The Official After Party for NC State's Pep Rally is at Mirage Raleigh this Thursday!! Your host for the night... 
pottergenes: little things you may have forgotten about harry potter over the years they wore pointy hats... 
@user You're wearing the DEXTER shirt! // RT So...I was at the #teenchoiceawards last night...  
@user @user @user @user no they didn't Tony Blair may have regretted it Labour as a party fought long and hard 4 Act 
@user After Nike, Adidas, Jordan and UA I think you put Peak at 5th. But your right they need to be careful can't afford to slip up. 
1st I thought he was David Ruffin impersonator. Then I thought he was a backup singer for Miguel. Sn: Your c 
February 13th; Desperation Day, it’s a thing 
Sheamus was the 1st WWE champion from neither US nor Canada.Conor McGregor is 1st UFC champion from UK or Ireland. Irish men are tough. 
PSA I am stealing Shawn tomorrow night. He will be returned in the morning of Sunday. Thank you. 
@user Randall Bailey is due to defend the title against Devon Alexander in Texas on September 22. 
And to think i drafted Tom Brady in the 11th round 
12th annual #Intersex Awareness Day marked around the globe via @user 
Notre Dame Women's soccer open their season today with a friendly vs Nebraska. Live web stream at 12pm Eastern  
@user this is news?  Rly?  Lol.  If in the ring with Rousey, I too, would run away.  Older and fatter than Lolo I may not last a minute!" 
@user prob not till Schuler gets back. I’m moving to Knoxville in January so it’ll be the last one for a while I feel like 
"According to Hall Rating, Kenny Lofton is the 8th-best center fielder. Of all time. 
Can you GET more Canadian than @user 25th Anniversary Tour across Canada in frigid January and February, including a stop in Iqaluit? 
For every Ebola fearing westerner who is concerned about the ever present threat 
I may be bad at sex but I just beat Brock Lesnar at summerslam for the WWE championship so who's really winning? 
It appeared to be business as usual in the Red Sox dugout Sunday -- except for the fact pitcher He... - via @user App 
"Another championship move by Tom Brady, holding his first media availability on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend. Minimizes the impact" 
"21st august, kpop will be saved by the one and only kim freaking hyuna" 
@user ok I found it. So I just kinda remembered that I won't be here tomorrow so. I guess we can finish it and then talk to Maite 
write 2020 on your hand tomorrow if you support Kanye West running for president. #kanyewestforpresident2020 #kanyewestforpresident 
"Heat Between the Rock & HBK, the Rock's Return and WM 29 Matches: Every Friday I will open up the Twitter mail b... 
There's gonna be that one kid on Monday that walks in with the Apple Watch. 
"Following his defeat to the Undertaker tomorrow night, Brock Lesnar will travel to Old Trafford on Monday for a medical #ITK" 
The multinational joint task force put together to battle the Boko Haram insurgency is expected swing into action on July 21st -Femi Adesina 
Numerous treatment innovations presented at the Hands on Workshop on #Venous Disease, tomorrow until Nov 3 in #Cyprus 
Michael Den Tandt: Harper says he is who he is, take him or leave him. That may not be enough - 
April 21, 1985 Madonna performs Like A Virgin on The Virgin Tour in Costa Mesa at the Pacific Amphitheatre 
Euro Parliament may freeze contacts with Duma until Russia holds free and fair elections   - Breaking News Buzz 
Come along on Sunday 11 November to the Hilton Hotel in Dundee from 1-5pm. The Clays Shop will have a stall along... 
Please register for this free event with Gov. Scott Walker on Monday in Sun City. It is open to the public! 
@user going to Berkmar game Friday ? 
"Meet recruiters from Deloitte and Touche LLP, FedBid, IRC, and more at the Job Search Crash Course next Tuesday: 
Hittin up brothers tomorrow night prob make me feel gucci 
5 minutes to learn what the Raspberry Pi is all about 
@user oh, and it is Stone Brewing night at the @user on September 22. 32 Stone beers on tap." 
@user ideally I need to find someone who is going Arsenal who can collect cards after match or collect from London on the Thursday 
Jay Z didnt go anywhere near Beyonce til she was of age though 
Atletico Madrid is going to be dangerous..Pedro leaving is going to hurt Barca in the long run..no bench to rest MSN 
"Big Brother on in the background whilst I work, it may be a pile of shite but emma willis makes it worth it" 
"Dear Twitterverse, may I please have a gif of Murray's F-bombs into the ESPN camera? I need it for future Mondays. Pls and thanks." 
Kerry calls Russia about possible buildup in Syria: Secretary of State John Kerry came to Cuba on Friday and r...... 
@user is yoga on next Saturday?  I think the instructor is away 
@user that's a legit point man. I have to agree. Rousey would take that, but I think Browne would be the first to escape 1st rd." 
@user Leaving Disneyland after only an hour to buy impromptu floor seats to the show in LA on Niall's 21st birthday #MillionMemories 
Sam Smith may have given it away #SPECTRE #Bond 
David Wright strikes out looking in the 8th inning with two outs and runners on 2nd and 3rd. Now 2-5 on the night. 
If you attend ball state and wanna go to yoga on Sunday's with me please raise your hand 
"Full results from an action-packed #RAW, in which John Cena really took it to Seth Rollins. 
O dear Kane may be going bye bye from the hawks....we will see how this one plays out 
Solomon Kwambe expected to start at right back for the Super Eagles tomorrow vs Tanzania as Leon Balogun remains a major doubt for the game 
@user I'm glad he reneged on 4th group. Israel got no credit for first 76 released and Abbas didn't come to the table in good faith. 
@user @user  You are right about John Kasich.  He will not be in the top-tier debate again. He debated 1st only in his OH. 
@user The black guy always dies first in Friday the 13 movies, Curtis." 
@user taking a day off got a photo shoot in Milan tomorrow at 6:/ 
"Maniaci on Casimir Pulaski Day (March 1, 2004): """"Some people call it a holiday."""" Judge: """"I call it a holiday."""" #DrewPeterson" 
@user u just hold out to Ash Wednesday #letthemknowthecraic 
Our Holiday Matinee continues tomorrow with Jurassic World at 3pm, through the week. 
Two more days till the march to the BCS resumes! SDSU gets to experience what a top ranked defense looks like up close. #GoBroncos 
In a nutshell: 11 things we think we know about the Galaxy Note 5: Ever since Samsung appointed August 13th as... 
Compiling playlist for lab visit tomorrow. Mostly Rammstein and Pumpkins so far... I’m going to get in trouble, aren’t I? 
Saladinio's RBI in the 11th lifts White Sox to 6-5 win over Mariners 
Morgan State calls timeout. Its DSU 28, Morgan State 20 with 7:09left in the 4th quarter. Morgan State is going for 4th down at the dsu 22 
Check it out!! Frobisher Says! is Free for PS Vita October 23rd: Posted by Don Mesa // Director, Product Plannin... 
WWF Challenge March 22nd 1987 - Snake Pit with Hulk Hogan Andre 87 Belt via @user 
I watched an hour-long speedrun of Dark Souls........he effin' finished the satanic game in 59:49. It took me a year and a half c'mon 
Just found Bentley sat on the floor in the loo  odd dog lol 
Hi my name iSSk Nicki and itsSSKS tHFfe firSSKT day of sShckhool - me in my new retainer tomorrow 
can't remember &amp; last Friday night are like the same song.I think Calum's Katy perry obsession is getting out of hand 
The whole band and Niall are on the struggle bus today.. just get it together for the show tomorrow! @user @user 
Derby may no longer negotiate with police, firefighter unions: Derby is considering a move that would end negoti... 
So happy NBA is back. Feeling a bit disappointed in the Nuggets tonight but the Laker’s 2nd consecutive loss helps to compensate. 
Did you know Prince George's Co. is the nation's 21st-largest school district? 
@user nice, smallzy retweeted me during the wild premier on thursday and i dropped my ipod whoops 
Have you ever wondered if Christians and Muslims worship the same God? Our Theology Thursday answers that question! 
@user I was watching Age of Ultron last night and something stuck out, at the end Thor says the mind gem is the 4th infinity stone to" 
@user MTV UK : @user  #MTVFestivalSeason: Kasabian, Olly Murs &amp; Sam Smith make V's 20th birthday o... 
"After Halloween I want to skip to Dec 1st, then Christmas holidays, then Easter weekend, then March break, then Victoria Day, then summer!" 
Paulino with an infield RBI single ties the game at 1. Headed to the 3rd. 
@user This Sunday the actual work is just east of Edmonds. But there will be a couple of delays impacting all Eastbound service^DA 
"Tra Carson gets two carries and gets very little, so it's now 3rd and 7 for Murray and the Aggies." 
Who's going to Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney at Mile High on August 8th? 
Join us Friday night after the Jason Aldean Concert for a special night of music with Corey Cox and Scotty... 
Paul McCartney spotted going out with Nancy  1 Sept  2015 via John Fernandini 
KYLIE JENNER'S RUNWAY for ABBEY DAWN is going to be on E NEWS tomorrow every make sure you tune in and watch it 
Start my new job Saturday thank god that come in fast cause Nike was way too unorganized for me I wasn't fucking with it. 
Morning squash match and then aunty time before the Eid fest in Sheffield - funday sunday 
Ryan Braun homered as the #Brewers beat the Diamondbacks 2-1 on Friday night. Milwaukee has won 5 of their last 7 games. 
"Kanye West may very well run for president in 2020, but that wasn't the most interesting thing he said last night.  
Bachata Contest this Friday with Dj Richie Rich en Nirvana !! 
Republicans Monday blasted SecState John Kerry for suggesting that the Obama Admin could help Iran bypass the new visa restrictions. 
"This is kind of a David Bowie weekend, what with the release of his 10 minute video for Blackstar on Thursday, so... 
"""""@RavensburgerPC: Enter our competition to win a London Children’s Map Puzzle just follow and RT.Closes Friday 8th@4pm 
"Its dat time of the year again, playoff futbol for our sundays team, quater finals tomm, we on team curfew 4 rest of playoffs on SAT nights" 
News Alarm: Miguel Sano (DH - Min) Miguel Sano went 1-for-3 with a solo home run and a walk on Wednesday against the White Sox. 
@user @user I mean... I've seen No Doubt a few times. But c'mon, it's ICE CUBE!" 
"Tomorrow, @user and I will come out of breaks with a mix of Boy George, George Michael, George Harrison, George Jones . . ." 
Taking the fam to the Yankees and Red Sox game tomorrow 
"Yet you don't see Christians preaching Jesus' message to the rich &amp; giving comfort to the outcasts, as Jesus did 
Calibraska is in 8th place in Sweden rn let's get it to 1 #CalibrasksaEP @user @user 
"I feel like just yesterday louis was 18, and harry, Niall,Liam, and Zayn were 16 
@user ...a market that they had already lost by the time Oracle bought Sun. But yeah, the API is the worst part of Java. 
That sax on Katy Perry's Last Friday Night tho. Hrd Kenny G was behind it 
Gay couple heads to Kentucky to wed and make a statement 
Tomorrow new episode of RM but then need to wait Monday for RM with Eng Sub. Hais 
@user @user ik :'( nvm tomorrow I Chris Brown her like she's rihanna 
1st SCOTUS pisses off Christians with gay marriage LAW then rightly jails #kimdavies for breaking it ! #bravo 
"For those of you in #Scarborough or #Malvern, yoga is being offered Saturday mornings. Check it out: 
"Three new movies open at the @user this Friday (8/21/15)...Terminator Genisys in THX, plus Magic Mike and Paper Towns." 
What's the occasion?RT @user Cadres in Cosatu t-shirts are congregating in a park next to Hume Road (just off Jan Smuts). 
If LCD Soundsystem &amp; David Bowie are both at #Coachella you might as well bury me at the polo grounds when the sun comes up Monday morning 
"Casual Friday: Weekend Events &amp; Outdoors Report: It's the final weekend to see Ballet West's """"The... #utpol" 
"Left over Halloween candy is probably past it's expiration, right? That's what I'll tell my kids when they see the empty wrappers tomorrow." 
"Milan Tomorrow in Moscow   To engage in charity, now in the Donbas 
@user aye can you bring my UCLA sweater to school tomorrow? 
@user Wrong tactic, she was elected - Gay marriage was illegal when she took office, it may not be in her job description." 
"#PVRDirectorsRare to release Aditi Roy's National Award winning #Abosheshey with Eng subs on Oct 12. NETPAC Best Asian Film, IFF Kerela" 
Morning paper: Georgia gets ready for the big opener it 'needed.' Boise State looks for a kicker. The Bangles. 
why don't ot4 stans ever remember zayn's interview with the sun 
A round-up of Friday’s World Cup qualifiers as Fabio Capello’s Russia beat Portugal and Sweden edge past the Faroes 
"Tired! Out for a meal in a bit, day off work tomorrow. Then last day on Friday! DERBY...: 
Oracle so transparently bought sun just to avoid to block the friends being supportive n shit. 
Front Line with Kamran Shahid - 22 May 2012 
Justin Bieber seemed to his mother will spend a good understanding you all discompose you may well at heart could not be 
"Brock Lesnar is wearing the exact same thing he wore the last time he went on ESPN in April. One can only conclude, he owns one blazer." 
"//I know so much more about DBZ than I do Naruto.. xD Ask me a DBZ question, I may be able to answer it." 
@user s Sean and Ash doing a run though tonight ready for their Radio show tomorrow night live 8pm till 10pm @user 
Back out on practice court -Kevin Anderson after his 4 hr18 min win over Murray to make 1st slam QF @user 
@user  are you going to carry the gucci foamposite that release friday? 
Samhain Ritual - Journey to the Underworld, Sat Nov 3, 6:30p 
#ufc #mma UFC responds to Floyd Mayweather's shot at Ronda Rousey: The UFC just stoked the flames. On Thursday... 
@user Modi will come and go...dynasties may emerge again but if the system is fool-proof no politician can loot the treasury. 
Some of you are more interested in Mikel Obi playing for Super Eagles than Mikel Obi himself. Dude may be more concerned about making money. 
"I just took Airtime, the new video chat service from start-up stars Shawn Fanning and Sean Parker, for a spin on Tuesday, its first ..." 
Has Randy Orton just thought about bringing a sun lamp and using it on Shamus to end the match? #WWEBattleground 
"... My Client aka Brock Lesnar, I may be his advocate but you sir are in this trap about pure oblivion, destruction, possibly you turned..." 
Not sure if it's the 3rd day of Eid or a regular normal Sunday. 
you can live stream today's Apple event here at 10 PDT : 
Thing are happening it said they ask to deliver to Syria up to Sept 24  right up to the same time the pope is... 
I just watched part of #DWTS and cowboy Troy was on there singing I play chicken with a train. brings back 8th grade memories 
@user Time for the 2nd Roman Catholic President since JFK, Jeb Bush 
I just have one question. ARE YOU READY FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEN JOHN CENA GOES ONE ON ONE WITH SETH ROLLINS? 
I just played Justin bieber at the dinner table and my family just sat there and accepted it and listened 
Niggas mad at women for being hype for Beyonce like we not gon be doin the same for Future tomorrow lmaoo 
@user John Kasich may sound fine unless of course you're a public sector worker who has lost collective barg rights. 
"If you stare directly at the sun, it merely burns your retinas. If you stare directly at Chuck Norris, you die." 
@user im going to Bali tomorrow for the weekend for office retreat 
I found this 'KL Live - 30 November -0001' in the Greyson App 
"More than just pyramids: @user new exhibition looks at 1200 yrs of Christianty, Judaism &amp; Islam in Egypt 
Trey Burke tries to follow his older big bro Sully with enrolling in  the NBA Draft! What's your say so should he go or stay! I say stay! 
"When Zayn sees niall bc N always changes subject when he gets questioned about Z, so he talks about their 5th album 
I'm gone slice Frank Ocean vocal chords out with the July page of the calendar if we don't get an album soon 
Have a say in what we Play!! PICK THE HITS to win Gossip Girl S4 on DVD You have until Nov 6th to do the deal. 
@user they're wrong, for Kick the effect was there till thurs cause EID fell on tue!this time EID on sat so effect over by mon @user 
Are u ready for the latest London Conference?  3 Scholars.  2 Days.  1 Venue.   THIS WEEKEND  [30 June & 1 July insha’Allah].   Venue: TBC 
If you had told Paul Dunne he'd be leading the open on Sunday evening... 
Adrian Beltre gives David Price a 30th birthday present he didn't want: A two run bomb. Rangers up 2-0 in the 1st. 
@user I walked out and had trina d/c her....I’ll have to fill u in Saturday....I wrote a full pg progress note about it 
@user My video from Star Wars Weekends on Saturday: @user Q&amp;A with host @user #CloneWars Season 5 
"I'm just sat in my room listening to Big Brother downstairs. Not doing anything really, just listening to the telly. What is life." 
Every time I see or hear Snoop Dogg now, I think of how he wore an SDSU sweater to Sun God, which was @ UCSD. Like how high were you Snoop?? 
Queens of the Stone Age & Dave Grohl sat on the stool - Regular John from Glastonbury during the Song For The Deaf tour 
"Ant-Man is Weekend Champ with just $24.8 million. ""Pixels"" #2 ($24M). Bet WB regrets moving ""Pan"" from this weekend to crowded October." 
My car ride to school tomorrow>>> #mexicans<3 @user @user and Estella :) im the only white girl 
"Super Eagles, Dream Team coaches to work together: Sunday Oliseh and Samson Siasia met at the office of the Ge... 
@user have just emailed you - Ashton on Wednesday???? 
Is Shrek at Lions Practice? RT .. Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. @user @user 
Selling two Jason Aldean tickets for Friday! Text or dm me if you're interested 
This just in: Rui En joins Elvin Ng & co. in CLIF2, scheduled to air 18 Feb 12. Surprise? 
They may have redesigned the Apple site but they kept the "Taking the store down for an event" bit - - Slow clap time 
PLEASE make sure safety is 1st that day. Justin WILL have a huge turn out so please dont let him get mobbed/injured. 
"Is it ok to be looking forward to the extra hour of sleep this far out :) Daylight Saving Time  Sunday, November 4" 
@user I'm going to be lost without Hannibal on a Wednesday 
David wright the 1 constant in the 3rd lit the fire of mets and 6 dingers later where up 11-7 Lets go Mets 
RT @user Golf balls with Pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at Boehner fundraiser today. | SICK! 
@user I'm gonna yell it out at school on Monday. Thank you 
@user does kittleson still play Rebecca black every Friday, if he doesn't you should remind him how much he played that song lol!" 
"I was in the paper Sunday. cuz of that I've had Dr.Hook's Rolling Stone in my head. They asked me my claim to fame, I say opening for bobcat" 
"Is2g if I hear one more ""im not racists im just against Islam"" I will lunch myself into the sun" 
"hey @user I'm sure you know and may have already spoken about it, but Rousey accepted the marine's invite!!" 
@user @user Thanks 'pope' Francis for quickie divorce VII style. 2nd Council + Novus Ordo the work of Masonic infiltrators 
"From the time we were kids and grew up watching Frank Gifford on Monday night football, he was always a private... 
Checks 2.0 will not be submitted tomorrow, but I'll end up taking the extra time for a watch app, NC widget, iPad optimization, etc. 
@user the DBS I get there name tomorrow and ray Lewis is still talking bout u Anit going in the middle lmfao 
@user did you see that Paul McCartney is coming to Columbus in October 
@user examines the 4th disaster to afflict Tohoku - a deep demographic crisis that has afflicted it for decades: 
@user I got you homie and yeah a lot people haven't Curtis saw me fight 2 oils riggers in CS lol but I might fight Dec 14th 
Looks like yakub will be going on a date with his 72 wives tomorrow. #HangYakubNow 
Miley Cyrus with employee of Hollywood Tans (11th & Walnut) after tanning there Wednesday night. 
Eleanor at Halloween { 3rd from the right } 
"Before he was """"Dr. Seuss"""" Theodor Seuss Geisel was an ad guy: What was your 1st job? #MyFirstJob" 
"Little story. My dad asked me today, ""Who is Silva fighting tonight?"" and I replied ""Yushin Okami."" 5 minutes later my dad asks..." 
So Djokovic beats Federer and Murray stays at no 2. Mon the djoker! #CincyTennis 
Camo or NASCAR the choices I must make on White Trash Wednesday, I mean America Day.... 
"Expert: Watch out for the ISIS sympathizers: Professor Eyal Zisser says ISIS may be too busy to attack Israel,... 
Guess The Idol 1#  Hint:He met B2St’s Gikwang in the 10th grade  COMMENT ANSWER+PR NO PR WRONG Admin... 
@user Sky Johnson saw Gucci walking across campus on monday. And he was like ""wait, whut?""" 
How do y’all feel about moving Presidents Day to August? August lacks a three day weekend. Then make Lincoln’s b-day a day off too. #boom 
wait...I may reconsider my decision to get surface pro 4 if ipad pro comes with a stylus with pressure sensitivity 
I don't ever have any normal experiences with famous people...Check back on Friday as I take on Sam Smith's dressing rooms 
"when you turn on the game and your up 3 with david price on the mount in the bottom of the 1st, you start thinking of other things to do lol" 
WPPI and Vegas bound, but have to be up tomorrow at 5:30AM, S.O.L....Maybe catch some ZZ’s on the plane. 
Make a change...start your day with a morning Yoga practice Tuesday 6am @user #committoyourpractice 
who is going to hammond friday or today 
OKC lost #ThunderDown .... Miami gone show niggas how to win tomorrow vs the Knicks !!!!!!! 
"George Osborne: It's adorable that you, media person, think this gov't would do anything to help Greece. 
#olympics David Owen: Why British Olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ... - (blog) 
You may have a new hair cut. You may have chandeliers you dress sense but George Osborne you are still a shit house 
#MiddleSchoolMemories when I went to marana for the last 2 months of 8th grade I got sent to ISS everyday. 
@user No, don't think he's ready yet. With Kane, N'Jie, Son, Chadli &amp; Lamela we have enough options till Jan + Ade in case of emergency" 
Pottstown and Pottsgrove School Districts CLOSED on Tuesday due to the hurricane. 
Is it coincidence that the Jets wear green?  Celebrate Halfway to St Patrick's Day this Sunday with NFL Football!... 
@user ok i will remind you of this convo in march when brook beats devon alexander for a world title. And khan still has glass chin 
"Sorry Internet, I may not be as available as usual today on account of THERE'S A NEW IRON MAIDEN SONG OUT so you're on your own for a bit." 
With that score, Farmerville is now up 27-6 over Richwood with the 3rd Qtr winding down. 
"Watch ""Brock Lesnar confronts and brawl with The Undertaker - WWE Raw July 20 2015"" on YouTube - 
Perth listeners: Nick is giving the talk ’Food & Social Justice’ @user @ 3.30 tomorrow (Friday) #green #animalrights 
@user football.TAFADHALI NIPE YA REAL MADRID.mi ni fan wa the real mbaya.#Monday football. 
[NEWS] Stuck-Up Sunday: Shepard Fairey - Andre the Giant Uncut Sticker Sheet - @user @user 
Real Madrid and/or #mufc may consider an appeal over the cause of the David De Gea delay (i.e. computer glitch). #SSNHQ 
Going to be an hour away from @user tomorrow in Interlaken .. what's the chance I can get tickets to Biels home game friday night? 
@user @user i tried that email, but haven't heard back. i want to send the film to SXSW and deadline is Nov 15" 
The fact that Kishan was telling me last night that he was having a Kim Kardashian done to him Thursday. 
Tune in at 2 p.m. tomorrow for a Google+ Hangout with our political reporters to discuss the 2012 election 
@user What I’ve been busying about is just about my community’s big day on Sunday. And plus I get tired. You know I even have classes. 
We have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in Indianapolis early Monday morning. Could YOU be the answer to... 
@user hey david.i know your waiting for a fight with vitali but is there any chance of a fight you may have planned before that. :-) 
"[July 23] New photo of Selena attending the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation Inaugurational Gala in Saint-Tropez, France. 
Just like Clemson beat GT in the ACCCG@ACCSports: Touche again RT @user @user Umm Rutgers may very well have 'won' that game. 
I may fight with kpop fans but I will never ever make fun of someone's death 
Every go getter I know got the same agenda. Hustle from January til the end of December. 
"""""Merging Science into Common Core"""" Workshop will be held next Sat. at the Museum of Science, Boston: #edchat" 
@user Free. Just ask you post a tweet or video about it. But I can't send anything for 2 weeks as I'm flying to Japan tomorrow. 
Transfer news 09/09/2015: Arsenal want star in January, Man Utd keen to sign Varane 
Watch the live webcast of Kofi Annan's interview @user this Thursday at 3:30.  Tell us what you think! 
Who is the better 3rd basemen in the league? RETWEET for David Wright FAV for Nolan Arenado  #Mets #Rockies 
gonna try to meet Shawn when he comes in here in October. someone come with me?? 
Tomorrow I must ghost ride tha whip wit  Lenny Kravitz on the replay 
This is the third such lawsuit in recent months (but as you may have guessed Monsanto is not going quietly).... 
@user Fractured got me thinking. Could part of Bernie's surprised rise be the sense Hill may move party back to the right from Obama? 
So the BBC now wants everyone to be forced to pay. What a dictatorship joke the Beeb is. Scrap the licence fee. 
"Watch Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett and Natalie Portman in the new KNIGHT OF CUPS trailer! In theatres March 4th. 
#Trayvon My daily tweet (10/21) in memory of Trayvon Martin - killed 239 days ago! ~May you Rest in Peace~ (Stay strong, family.) 
@user Nothing wrong with that. Busy day tomorrow with White Sox baseball and the heat!! 
@user @user sorry but that's an old photo, from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks" 
@user I was the dude wearing the Iron Maiden shirt and Cubs hat by the stage on 13th. I think it was Sat. Both days are a bit hazy. 
"Gotta feel for Paul Dunne, the guy finished as the 4th amateur after having the 54-hole lead." 
classy RT @user Boehner proposes Obama speech be on the same night as NFL opening night... 
@user I think that evrything Erdogan says right now in public is calibrated towrds the Nov election. 
Grace to attend the 10th Asia International (AISSF) 
@user @user @user @user The danger...stealth drone loaded with nuclear warhead. Israel or Saudi Arabia 1st target? 
Walking all the way to Isat in this weather and seeing a sign on the door saying class is cancelled <<<< but test postponed to Thursday >>> 
New CPC ad: Harper may not be perfect, respectful, reliable, accountable, truthful, but... wait where were we going with this?  #elxn42 
Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow! Too bad I'm going to be super cranky lol 
Iran Says New U.S. Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact: A restriction on visa-free travel to the United ... #world 
Champion Hurdle hero Rock On Ruby could return in the Fighting Fifth Hurdle at Newcastle on Dec 1st. 8/1 for the Champion Hurdle anyone? 
"Going to Barbarians at the Gates: Paintings ... at DAC Gallery on Tue, Oct 16 
We hit @user with March Fourth Marching Band next Saturday! Scoop up tickets while they are still available: 
@user Yo boss what you thinkin for Sunday night curfew 5pm with a noon first call for the game sound Gucci? 
If Carly Fiorina ran the U.S. via @user @user #marketing #influence #news 
@user for a bit. I'm going to the Fresno game Saturday. 
Anyone want Ed Sheeran tickets // September 9th // section 112 ? 
GoPo: we broke the Google. Will give you new instructions tomorrow in class 
"so @user her ex texted her &amp; spelled Nicki ""niki"" that's his first problem. 2nd problem is he doesn't know I go to CA &amp; I always tweet?" 
’Up All Night’s’ Maya Rudolph: ’Saturday Night Live’ training ’prepares you for anything’: Maya Rudolph,... #TV #news 
Going to see Richard Dawkins &amp; Mehdi Hasan debate at the Oxford union tomorrow. 
@user off to Ronnies Sat night to see Curtis you going ? 
Gotti tryna club on sat, so that’s Prolly the move on Saturday if we don’t find nun else to do 
President’s day is over, duty will resume tomorrow, see you all guys at Cafe Juan 
"This Friday System of a Down , Ice Cube playing Straight Outta Compton,  Iggy Pop Cyprus Hill , and the Airborne Toxic Event &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"Kendrick has become a lot more covert with his ""wokeness"" that most ""woke"" listeners may have felt comfortable with in his pre-TPAB music..." 
"The 95 National was mentioned a lot this week, there was a reason it worked at 5pm on a monday...To show the IRA they couldn't stop racing" 
Sun qualified 3rd overall. Didn't have skillset to keep up with Milan in the DQ LS powered BMW. Ended up 2nd overall 
"Horner has revealed that the engine Vettel used last time out in Sochi, where he finished 8th, will soon need to be changed. #F1" 
Someone may aswell lick my face it now tastes an smells of vanilla fudge #facemasssssssk 
"LOOL, Samsung will be launching Galaxy Note II in Canada on 30th, Psy Gangnam will be performing at the launch." 
This reality series about Ballet West premieres in 2 weeks: May 31st. Check your local listings or visit the... 
@user  Cowboys game was a mixture of us being out play called in the 2nd half and us thinking you can coast...AKA like on MNF vs SF 
Major #SummerSlam match announced  The Undertaker vs. Brock Lesnar  ~~ The Deadman seeks revenge against the beast on August 23rd 
An Evening with Maya Angelou 7:30 p.m. Oct. 4 in Elon University’s Alumni Gym. $12. Tickets available Sept. 13. (336) 278-5610. 
Well...  #SNL is hunting for material for October's TV return.  RE:  One America News Networks with Sarah Palin and Donald Trump. 
@user you a Pats fan yet after seeing the best in the business on Sunday? 
ok lame but i want to have a Niall birthday party on Sunday 
3rd Question: (time 3 minutes)  What is the state flower of Haryana? a.    Lotus b.    Rhododendron c.    Golden Shower d.    Not declared 
"So Halloween got moved to November 5th? That's a Monday, yeah no thnx. I'd rather just dress up as a candy cane for Christmas." 
"If Brock Lesnar wins this Sunday, im going to F5 Annie through the coffee table... #SummerSlam" 
@user Feb ka pla balik girl from SG sana makabalik ako sa Cebu by Feb i miss you na jud.. 
@user Will there be an option to buy the 2GB of RAM model of the Moto G (3rd Gen) instead of the 1GB model? 
@user @user wife said ""That's little Keelan?"" I said ""yup, tomorrow he will be in his cap and gown!"" GR8 kid U2!" 
Took a trip to the original Suplex City for Brock Lesnar's homecoming at WWE Monday Night Raw in Minneapolis. 
I may be the only person in Pottstown right now 
@user Such a shit argument. Big Brother gets millions of viewers, the Sun has millions of readers. Doesn't make them quality" 
"This Sunday Live on Concert: Alisah, Guji, Janice, Jessica, Moira, Stan &amp; Thor! At the opening of #HelloKittyCafe 
OFFICIAL: Real Madrid and Atletico will face each other in the Spanish Supercup on August 19 and August 22. 
#BinRoye will Pakistani cinemas Record's Eid First day : 44.50 Lack and Eid 2nd day : 66Lak  Total businesses:111Cr . 
.@NUMensSoccer: Another close-range IU shot goes high. Kyle Schickel checks in for Missimo. Kyle missed the Wisconsin game last Sunday. 
How can you not root for Paul Dunne tomorrow? With all the mini tours I didn't think there were amateurs capable of contending at a major. 
@user listen to ep 723 the latest Joe Rogan podcast where he discusses @user loss with Dana White in Qantas 1st class! 
Charlie Rose with rich Lowry, Mort Zuckerman, Charles Cook, Karen Tumulty, Roger Simon & David Sanger (March 2, ... 
After today’s bet came in I’m feeling confident with tomorrow’s bet: Ath Madrid, Juve, Napoli, Bayern Munich, Porto #comeon 
@user @user reported in Oct: IMF has broken the good news that #IslamicState Saudi Arabia is going bankrupt within 5 years 
@user Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) says all is set for Monday’s by-elections in the three constituencies. 
"Trial date of October 14 set for Ghoncheh Ghavami, the woman imprisoned in Iran 103 days ago for trying to watch men's volleyball" 
Tom Brady will join us Tuesday morning.  I would expect around 7 but the time has not been confirmed.  
"in Saudi Arabia and the grounds, but may not voice them in a sardonically bourgeois way. ""My enlightened leadership has greatly" 
Bowling comes to Downtown Disney! Splitsville is scheduled to open in December. Check out how the construction... 
See you August 5th in Prince George  
"my mom still isnt sure if she can go to sam smith with me or not tomorrow, she needs to let me know so i can find someone else to go with" 
Scott Walker: John Boehner Calling Ted Cruz A Jackass Is 'Just Wrong': They may be rivals on the campaign trai... 
@user only going on Friday, pulled apart by horses, band of skulls, eagles of death metal, joy formidable, Mark Lanegan..." 
NFL Lions News: Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure went down with an apparent leg injury during practice this morning... 
#hulu Video Game Trailers - Launch Trailer: Check out the launch trailer for Mass Effect 3. Added: Fri Oct 26 00... 
Is anyone going to H&M tomorrow for the Fashion Against Aids collection? 
"Four players remain: Merson 86.4M, Sylvia 63.5M, Balsiger 30.9M, Thomas 17.2M. One more bustout tonight and the final three return Tuesday." 
@user hay jun and bin you know who I saw creepy twilight at my Walmart today. I have one question who give a way twilight. 
Out tomorrow The Players! With Jean Dujardin and Gilles Lelouche taking on the theme of infidelity 
@user Fernando Alonso has already signed for McLaren according to Niki Lauda, he signed last Thursday" 
Talking of Bond & SKYFALL, Variety, the children’s charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at Sylvia Park. Tickets @ 
"RT @user ..........so far, WR Titus Young is the only one of the Lions top three picks in April still standing. <<< -______-" 
"Daddies, lock up the Cheerleaders NEKROMANTIX are here in October! Oct 2 - The Rosemount, Perth... 
The Coast Guard plucked two people off of an overturned fishing vessel in the Tongass Narrows Wednesday: 
"Boring Monday? Cheer yourself up with this razorsharp parody ""we're Nirvana. Sing distinctly? We don't wanna"" 
Register now for the Exertis &amp; IBM Storage Systems Group Know Your Product Event, Thursday 10 Sept @ Exertis Ireland. 
@user @user But remember, Erdogan is Obama's BFF. 1st foreign leader he called when elected. 
My reaction when I found out Dean Ambrose was going to be on twitter and doing a Q&amp;A tomorrow!! #LunaticFringe 
Louisiana's Republican governor, Bobby Jindal, told Fox and Friends Friday morning that he's suspending his... 
I'm going to the ravens game in philly this thursday #getnthefucoutofhere 
You may have heard Threshold's media comments about banks seeking rent directly from tenants. Please contact us for advice if it affects you 
I'm going to be a girl Naruto tomorrow cough cough 
Just realized that I attributed what's my age again to green day on monday when it's obvi blink 182. This is what sobriety does to a woman. 
@user please entertain me tonight, it's the final #Raw leading into Summerslam! #Respeckkk" 
now watching Denzel Washington talking about his new movie flight it’s comming out Nov 2nd 2012 #LateShow With David Letterman 
Dana White wants a mega UFC card in December with Ronda Rousey and Conor McGregor 
I thought International Women's Day was on the 8th of March and the 9th of August is South Africa National... 
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: No More Kids Say Doctors: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West may have just welcomed ... 
Jhonny Gonzalez is looking to make a return on Floyd Mayweather's undercard on September 12 
Records on the line as World Cup race resumes - Fabio Capello’s Russia face Portugal in the pick of Friday’s 2014 FI... 
"Prenatal Yoga starts Sunday, September 13 from 9:15-10:30  $48 for the four week series, or pay as you go for $15... 
Although it may not be Minecraft related I am doing some stuff over at I even put some old videos back up l...Cringey 
#cmst393 here’s an article about Anonymous, which is choosing now to distance itself from WikiLeaks 
Front Line with Kamran Shahid Latest - 25 June 2012:  
@user i’m going to be in Brownsville tomorrow 
Did you know that 'Tom Brady' was Trending Topic on Friday 4 for 11 hours in Columbus? #trndnl 
Looking for someone to go to Paul mccartney with in October anyone interested ? lol don't wanna go alone 
@user @user I know it's from Charlie Hebdo, i know that they won't march now, it's a sentiment, that's all." 
"Kobe Bryant scored 9 points in 1st 7 minutes before taking a rest. By the time he returned with 7:37 left in half, Jazz had built 40-24 lead" 
SBS K-Pop Super Concert on Nov 10th in the United States, with SNSD, 2NE1, T-ara, BEAST, CNBLUE, KARA, SISTAR cr tiarafact 
@user @user seems Iron Maiden may be on the cards as well 
@user It would be better than Thor on the 3rd line lmao 
Brian Cushing is not out for Thursday's game. He was just one of 11 #Texans who did not practice on Monday: 
"Headed to the bottom of the 7th.  East Coweta 5, North Cobb 2; @user and @user with RBI hits off the fence to push 3 run lead." 
July 23 is Directioners Day right? I'm trying to prove to my little sister there's a day for that 
The wind seemed to be remembering the Great Storm a bit overnight. We look back 25 years ourselves in tomorrow's Heralds and the Gazette. 
Someone just cranked the Fleetwood Mac - "Don't stop thinking about tomorrow." @user @user 
Seattle Marathon coming through the Arboretum &amp; Interlaken tomorrow: 
The dreamers may die but the dreams live on. - Iron Maiden 
Who’s appearing at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo come March? That is, other than George Strait?... 
Tonight's game takes priority but come tomorrow it will be David Price who takes centre stage: #BlueJays #Yankees 
"...I KNOW the sexy pick for NL ROTY is Kris Bryant .257/16/66 1st rd., but Matt Duffy? .310/10/59 18th rd. ...Duffy has more hits overall..." 
@user @user 3rd Bass documentary going straight to Netflix and Amazon Prime 
@user @user @user Come and get a free copy tomorrow Thursday at Wilcox and St. George. Sorry, can't fit it in the Iphone. 
Why buy an Apple Watch when you can get an edgier budget #Smartwatch by @user Rumor: will release in November! 
@user That may be so, but some of us worry about Hillary's love of Wall Street and Monsanto. 
"Martin Jones / Jones will get the start Tuesday against the Bruins, Curtis #NHL #SJ" 
Negros and nigglettes, all who would like to attend the a$ap rocky concert on  November 17th at starland lemme know tickets are only 25 
Closing the stable door etc - EU may bring back border controls, Angela Merkel suggests | via @user 
"Legendary Chuck Norris may visit Azerbaijan: Sabir Suleymanov, chairman of the martial art of judo, head of th... 
Wilshere didn't play for Arsenal on Saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for Newcastle. Why would there be an England 'row' ? 
This picture may also be substituted with Biggie Smalls, Dr Dre, or Snoop Dogg. 
The jimmy mcgovern doc just highlights everything that was released on wed 'do you think id protect people if i thought they'd kill me son?' 
Watch Harper's toupee suddenly look alot cheaper Oct 20 when our taxes are no longer paying for it. #elexn42 
Streamline hiring with Oracle talent management cloud @user 
@user Number, address, cat’s name and a date this Thursday. No fucking about! Just call me Tomb Raider.... 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has said that he and his assistants would have to inject new philosophy and... 
Dean Ambrose 5. @user Have you seen these enthralling Marshall Mathers images? You may want to see: 
There is going hard and than there is Kendrick in Black Friday. 
"Another quick inning for Kuma in the 2nd as the #Mariners lead the White Sox, 3-0.  Seager will open the 3rd inning. 
Hood River Valley High School Varsity volleyball team with coach Scott Walker. First pre-season game tomorrow vs.... 
Black Friday I am going to be working but on my lunch break I'm getting some kicks and Levi's & polos 
Last night I met @user and today @user arrest has ruined my thursday plans with a boy.  Happy Star Wars day? 
When you are at home it is more likely that you have an Apple Watch on your wrists than a iPhone in your pocket. 
@user Look at the date. it was january 7 2014 after Charlie Hebdo. Don't be so willing to confirm your biases. 
@user The English window closes on September 2, so I'll reckon he'll be forcing a move to Milan until 23:00 CET today" 
Floyd Mayweather's dallying may mean a rematch with Oscar De La Hoya... and then another date with Manny Pacquiao 
Jeff Wagenheim: Viewers' guide to UFC 134: Anderson Silva (left) puts his UFC middleweight title on the line Sat... 
Kris Bryant with a bottom of the 9th two out walk-off home run for a Cubs win! 
Talk About The History of Valentine Day: Every February 14, across the United States and in other places around the... 
World Briefing | Africa: Mali: Red Cross Prepares Food Aid: The International Committee of the Red Cross said Monday that it had star... 
"Floyd Mayweather made $300 million in the year to June '15, far and away the most an athlete has ever earned in a single year" 
"John Kasich came to my house when I was little, &amp; had me stand beside him in the photo when my class visited D.C. in 8th grade. Yep." 
Come see @user and the rest of the Boks train at Orlando Stadium tomorrow at 3pm! 
Audience should invade San Siro if the scoreline isn't 3-0 to Milan by the 20th minute. 
@user @user and for the CL he scored tap-ins after Messi and Suarez had already finished the ties in the 1st legs + the final 
Shiver Me Timbers! The answer to our trivia: International Talk Like a Pirate Day! It's the 10th anniversary of the worldwide celebration! 
"Paul dunne is 14/1 to win the open tomorrow what do your followers think on his chances @user if not then who ???" 
Getting ready to head to Pico Rivera to meet  up with my #Halloween stylist @user Trying to get a look together by tomorrow night! 
@user real ones are avail about a month or so b4 Mardi Gras (Day B4 Ash Wed) 
@user 2nd time he has been injured close to a match against Seth Rollins maybe satan tryna tell us something 
Spacious 4 BDR 2 BTH Home with upstairs Bonus Room. Large 3rd acre lot on quiet cul-de-sac. Upstairs BDR has room... 
@user Naruto stepped into the hotspring, keeping the towel around his waist as he sat down. ""So, how have you been doing, Teme?""" 
"Since Sam Smith's Bond theme is called Writing's On The Wall, that's the 7th theme with a title that doesn't match the movie. So there." 
Remember the night Jeter went into stands against Red Sox &amp; Nomar sat? Harvey's people want him to sit &amp; the old man may go the distance. 
Seth Rollins opens tonight's #RAW - Results: 
Get you a girl by November that's down to buy you Gucci flip flops. 
@user you as well . People say they don't think Ima make it until the 22nd . It's crazy how me you and Lexus is back to back . 
@user When you have savages from a 3rd world who want to wipe jews catholics, Christians off the face of earth to rule the world, yeah" 
@user I'm going to Calle Ocho tomorrow. I'll air mail you some! 
When you're.out with work mates on a Monday night and stumble across a ukulele jam signing old Katy Perry 
If you think your sleep patterns were off during Thanksgiving Break... wait until Jan 2nd. @user 
Woke up scared that I woke up late then I realised I don't have a 5th lol it's Gucci 
"may the gods speed him, RIP, Frank Gifford, New York Giants legend and husband to Kathy Lee Gifford, dead at 84 
Rousey still going to KO her in the 2nd round  
You just know we'll either be superb an have a proper worldy against Chelsea on Saturday or get absolutely webbed. 
RT @user New Barcelona player Alexis Sanchez yesterday left Chile to travel to Barcelona. Tomorrow he'll train for the first time ... 
#Dbacks #Brewers.  Lucroy grounds out to 2nd base.  2 outs.  More boos for Ryan Braun as he walks up to the plate. 
Were at the Pca game Friday? Idk if you remember me but I was Jared’s friend from TCA @user 
Paul Dunne finishes on -12 and is tied at the top of the leaderboard at #TheOpen Greystones Golf Club will be a busy place tomorrow 
In the Dark [Bonus Tracks] [Digipak] by Grateful Dead (CD, Apr-2006, Rhino... 
I was part of an anti-war march that the media quoted roughly half the attendance figures and the rest.....well that was over to Tony Blair. 
"Friday is cenation day you have to wear a john cena tshirt, cargo shirts, an the wwe championship as your outfit" 
When I looked at the full moon last night I immediately thought of Remus Lupin @user 
Cool Tweet. Im not ready for the David Beckham cameo in this flick. 
"Iron Maiden released their new single today. @user whatcha got for us tonight? Can you beat the Irons for Friday Hype!?" 
Frank Gifford convinced Howard Cosell to announce the murder of John Lennon during Monday Night Football. 
Crystal Palace defender Scott Dann has been ruled out of Saturday's Premier League clash with Chelsea. #CPFC 
@user   I wasn't saying that. I'm saying is that the religion of Islam may create more of these terrorist organizations 
im promoting the hell out of calibraska tomorrow. we are getting jack and jack to #1 
Holly Holm's boxing may give her the ability to out point Rousey on the feet but what's her take down defence like? 
"So if Kane gets a 2nd. Then in the last minute England get a penalty, who takes it? @user or @user ? #ENGvSWI #Rooney #Kane" 
@user what exactly is 'fact' about Islam?  And who are u referring to as inbreeds - u do know that Islam allows cousins to wed..right? 
( #TeamVillanosFDL ) Pope to make annulment changes: Pope Francis is expected to announce revisions on Tuesday... 
"David Wright is retired in the 7th inning on a nice play up the middle, now 2-4 on the night for St.Lucie." 
May god wil make him cure ASAP, n give a long long lyf 
@user KANE he may be ABLE he feckin aint what a touch for a bug man #kanescomedygold 
@user then ur not watching. Was in every show, every night, every day last week except for Friday. Took vacation to host Miss Teen USA" 
Pre-practice odds and ends: The Raiders return to practice today after an off day Sunday. The provisions set for... 
WHEN I THINK OF YOU by JANET JACKSON was no.15 in the UK charts on 1 September 1986 
November 2nd: Google doodle honoring the birthday of the Nobel prize awarded Greek poet Odysseas Elytis. Morning tweeps 
"Justin Bieber's joy on the nature was due to connoisseurship, warmly seconded by the end may make his intrusion on entering" 
"Watch: John Cena gets revenge on Jon Stewart, slams him to the ground via @user YES! DOWN JON STEWART UNDER THE MAT!" 
"Free Intro to Yoga with Jude, Saturday,  September 12, 1-2pm." 
"Yourself into it. By listening to kpop, kculture comes with it. You may not agree with their culture and that's fine as long as it's in a" 
Winchester Wednesday is almost here! Are you ready for #supernatural? -- CW Network (@CW_network) 
"So a quick trailer.. going to finally upload my ""Bridal inspired look""on YouTube tomorrow (I wore this on EID) #share 
People are posting pictures of pics from the movie Day After Tomorrow , all like ’GOD HAVE MERCY ON OUR SOULS’ LMFAO 
Who getting them Gucci Foams Friday. I didn't like them until I just seen a better picture of them 
Buzzer beater jump shot by Parker. On a primetime Thursday game...NO WAY that CAN happen! How great is the NBA?!?! 
"WON: Nov 1 Observer Radio: Bryan Alvarez and Dave Meltzer talk Cena's return to the ring, Smackdo... #WWE #WWF #TNA" 
ZAYN is part of the illuminati #confirmed  
@user @user the headlines around the paps &amp; Prince George today may give you a big Allie Hannah..time to recruit maybe? 
@user Yeah. In the case of England, when (I live in hope) they have Rooney, Sturridge, Kane and Welbeck fit they may be forced to" 
"If I may ask my brother, do you ever watch football,  If yes, which team do you support apart from the Super Eagles?  @user 
@user Going to Elon University. It’s a private ubi at a damn ulu place. No worries, i’m going off on 22nd august. Haha. 
Maidstone in Kent this Morning ! with an Alfa - Wisbech for a Honda  Tomorrow brings Swansea then return from... 
@user liam got 29 tattooed on on his body, zayn left on the 25th, there are 4 members left, therefore ziam is real." 
@user 1st Gulf war Tony Blair allowed 40 active AQ to claim asylum in Britain, can the Governemnt tell us where theyRnow? @user 
I might go to Pierce the Veil at Northern Lights (SOLD OUT) in Albany, NY - Oct 31 
"Prince George ""Harassed by Paparazzi,"" Palace Says: Prince George is no ordinary 2-year-old boy.  Be that as it may, Prince William ..." 
@user you may be right. You also forgot about Michelle Obama and Rihanna on the cover..all granted interviews 
Now that Miss USA is over I think I might World War Z for the 6th time  . Cant go to sleep in a quiet room the TV is always on 
Keep in mind, Hillary's initial refusal to apologize wasn't off the cuff. It came after months of scrutiny. 
Kayla just tried to give me my croissant from Dunkin and it kept slipping I couldn't grab it at 1st 
Tell @user which friend of yours is #AFriendLikeOYO &amp; you can win Moto G (3rd Gen) plus much more. 
"If Rousey runs throught Tate the 3rd time around, the Cyborg, Rousey fight has to happen. Or just let her clean out the whole division" 
Selling two pavilion tickets to Jason Aldean this Sunday. $75 for one or $120 for both hmu if you're interested 
@user he’s 2nd on that list. he retired Mick Foley in there. 
Yo, yo, yo. Raise your hand if you’re going to Mass tomorrow! #HolyDay #GettingUpAt7 
Headed to Footloose on Sunday in Garner! Spots left in #TheAnneVan if you wanna tag along #NorthIowaSchoolPlayTour 
"""""@DDingle42: Nick Young Skill Set Is Crazy !"""" Him or JR Smith for 6th man of the year" 
"China Week ends with Jon Huntsman’s lecture, ""US / China Relations During an Election Year,"" on Monday at 7:30 p.m. 
"If there's a car on cinder blocks in your yard, you may be a redneck. If there's a dog on top of it, you may have #Romnesia. Jeff Foxworthy" 
Austin Rivers strugglin he like 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw da 4th 
End of 2nd 3-2 Predators ... Preds will be short handed to start the 3rd. 
Start #reading the Oracle's Legacy trilogy #free: download the 1st book Children of Sun #nook #ebook 
Dustin Johnson shot 66 to lead after day one at Whistling Straits. 1.33am BST Piercy gets up and  
I'm selling my Jason Aldean ticket! It's lawn for riverbend on August 23rd. DM me if you are interested! 
What will happen if and when the outcome of the election is unfavorable for Erdogan? 
@user *whispers* Mohammad's 1st wife's name was Khadija. She was the first to convert to Islam. 
Murray get his 1st break of the match to stay in this 2nd set 2-5. Can the No.3 seed continue to turn things around? #USOpen #ESPNTennis 
Of course difference is @user came clean. Shoeless Joe fans contended he was innocent and he may have been @user 
@user I drafted 4th, grabbed Lynch. Murray fell to me in the 2nd round (pretty far with the snake too)" 
@user 8th. Juventus and Milan conclude the Top 10. 
Trying to cope with 30 Dec Milan heat wearing a suit... 
On the day before the 7th anniversary of John McCain's VP choice, Sarah Palin will interview Donald Trump. Or is... 
Andre’s Wigan Warning: Wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the Premier League, but Andre Villas-Boas is w... 
@user us maniacs are not going to give up on Hulk Hogan we will fight to the very end Sept 13 will be a special day for the maniacs 
"Don't miss the all-new episode of #AHSHotel called ""She Gets Revenge"" tomorrow at 10 on FX! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
I guess Real Madrid will make another move for him in early Jan. both Navas &amp; DeGea must feel so crappy... 
"Super Eagles head coach,Sunday Oliseh to ring the closing bell at Nigeria Stock Exchange (NSE) on Monday, August 17 2015 #nigeriamagazine" 
Evening Standard: Manchester United&amp;#039;s Wayne Rooney and Chelsea&amp;#039;s John Terry make Harry... #thfc 
Sarah Palin wants Americans to "speak American". Unlike her to make a gaffe... 
@user I’m amazed you keep coming up with new names for the league. May want to consider formatting Phil’s GOTW though. 
"Post I wrote on Mehdi Hasan and abortion - wondering just what, precisely, he may have been expecting... 
"Just your typical Sunday ...Spieth and Day there in the end, while Dustin Johnson falls apart in his final round" 
I may get Showtime for Dexter and cancel after it is over. October 2nd! 
Idk if i want to be con or I want to be brad ...  I want to be con #MTVStars The Vamps 
Snoop Dogg was not happy with Roger Goodell on Thursday, so he did what Snoop Dogg does best. 
Jas needs to wake up already!!!!! I want her to come over and help me get ready for the Math TAKS retest on Tuesday.. 
Stop concentrating on all this Briana drama&amp;concentrate on the fact that THE BOYS 5TH ALBUM COMES OUT IN 4 DAYS #5DaysTillMITAM #OhNoBriana 
@user here it's over, Eid on Friday,4th day no Eid @user @user @user @user @user @user 
I shouldn't say Jesus. I may have just offended Christians. 
"#sportsnation just ranked Auburn as the 4th best team in #SEC with Arkansas at 5. If AU wins 3 league games, a surprise. @user #awful" 
The date is May 26th 1989    What players in today's Arsenal team would get in the first eleven for tonight's match at Anfield? 
@user your going to Indianapolis Sunday for the Colts game?!?! 
CONTINUED ASSAULT - Indianapolis faces a tough Miami defense this Sunday, one that ranks third in the league in yard... 
Chris Rene: Live & Exclusive!: X Factor may be about to start up its first live show of the sea... #Hollywood #news 
"On this day in August 17, 2009~ #RAW: Randy Orton &amp; John Cena vs. Big Show &amp; Chris Jericho 
"About 30mins left b4 we close the poll. Who would u like 2 see on the Dec cover of CLEO? Kirsten Stewart, Nina Dobrev or Jennifer Lawrence?" 
Tearing up watching Jurassic Park for the 1st time in ages. Remembering the awe of seeing it as a kid. Sorry for all who got stuck w J World 
"Ppl who've just got into Kpop recently may not be aware of 1st generation idols like H.O.T n Shinhwa, but they will eventually. I did." 
Do you own a business in Bolder? Then you may want to participate in this pilot energy program that’s part of a... 
Ruben Juarez was legit the Conor McGregor in 9th grade in the football locker rooms shit was sick. 
Partition was 1st proof of Hindu injustice in refusal to coexist fairly with Muslims. Modis election is the latest in that series #IndiaAt69 
@user Your helicopter may be wicked, but your Billy Crystal is gonna be the #going2Bgreat 
Would anyone wanna go to the Ed Sheeran concert this Thursday with me I have an extra ticket it was like $35 
Roll on in with your friends! Tues lunch pizza is Rolling Stone: Italian Sausage &amp; Mushroom. 11-1 North &amp; South slices. 11-2 East Buffet. 
"""@maro254: I just realized that today is my 17th anniversary at Wizards.""  ....... Don’t show up to work on Friday, see what happens." 
@user &amp; that guy is super strong (literally) he won 1st place in every strongman so only guy I can think of:Brock Lesnar! 
"Who will be evicted; Julia or Meg? + it's a #DoubleEviction baby! A weeks worth of Big Brother in 1 hr, LIVE tomorrow at 9pm on @user #BB17" 
Aussie Directioners. Do you want to win a prize of a lifetime? Then listen to @user on Monday at 7pm. 
@user Tried to pick up Sanu, but I'm 8th on the list, so I didn't get him. But, I dropped Asiata for McKinnon." 
"#MrTony 10/29.2: Cascades - Rhythm of the Rain.  All songs today, tomorrow, and forever for #Sandy.  
IBM puts a Tux on its mainframes with LinuxOne : Mainframes may seem like dinosaurs at first glance these days.. 
Well, it was going to be tacos and Teen Woof and Derek feels night, but @user may have incepted me into watching Justified. 
Moto G (3rd gen) appears in new images with specs alongside #tech #gadgets 
@user Georgia in the Sugar Bowl?  What game were you watching Saturday night? 
If I can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on Friday at 6 pm CST with contactee Ray... 
@user I keep remembering idea in January that Charlie Hebdo attack, a fraction of the scale of this, might be a ""game changer.""" 
When I was little,I couldn't sleep the night before the 1st day of school. Now I'm sitting in bed wishing I would have watched more Netflix 
"#qctimes Jerry Kill opens up Friday's session at the B1G kickoff in 15, much like Paul McCartney opens Lollapalooza tonight down the street." 
@user she dodged so many evictions and won 5 competitions (HOH and POV) she may be a ""liar"" but shes playing the game of big brother" 
@user it's been a couple years. Right after IM3 but before Thor and Cap 2. The first half of season 3 will be over next Tuesday. 
3 more seasons of Game of Thrones? C'mon! You can at least make 10 seasons...right? Is that too much to ask? Ok, 3 is fine. 
"- As I said immediately after her fight on Saturday, if you aren't behind Rousey at this point, it's envy.  If I... 
"I downloaded the first season of #Dexter, gonna start watching the 2nd episode. Time to tweet #twittwit ^^" 
"...bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world, and now it looks like it may actually happen!" - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
Part of me wants to audition for Big Brother next season just to pretend I'm mentally stable enough to last. And then get kicked out 1st =/ 
how does a 30 minute sequence of a gay man questioning whether or not he may be bi undermine his confidence with who he is. how 
Does anyone want to trade a PlayStation Vita for a iPod touch 4th generation 32 gigabyte ?: 
GIRLS GONE WILD will be filming LIVE @ Stoneys THIS SATURDAY!!! #BACP 10-2am $10 at the door! 
"also can u imagine the think pieces if Nicki were the one w/ a video abt having ""Bad Blood"" w/ another artist 
"No regular classes tomorrow, Monday, September 7.....  Please join us for the following:  9:30am Hatha Yoga w/... 
Well, a few news: Gonna be at Phil’s studio with Nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys.... 
"We are all about to get an extra hour of sleep Sunday morning!  Daylight Savings ends 2am Sunday, November 4th.... 
Some good tips and multi-media resources to help teach Lee's Mockingbird with Watchman. #teachenglish #edchat #onted 
Watch live streaming video of the Pancake Day activities tomorrow at Make sure you... 
The Disco Balls are being polished...are you ready!?! This Thursday Night! Join us at the Adrienne Arsht Center... 
I Wanna Taste The Sun: I knew How To Rock was going to be canceled from the start. I mean I... -... 
@user hangover city on a Sunday morning - we might not even make it back to the hotel to sleep if we end up in GAY :)) 
Petition for @user to open the @user show in Milan in March. 
Don't miss @user special hometown show at @user on April 2nd with support from The Twilight Sad! 
Fact of the day; Halloween night is Papa John’s second busiest night of the year behind Super Bowl Sunday. 
"Earliest possible date for Amanda Knox appeal verdict: Sept 29, per court schedule just released. Final arguments begin Sept 23" 
@user sorry didn't see it in time. Jim will be at Shoeless Joe's funder on Thurs. Interested? 
I think that this #HOH will straddle into the next Big Brother show on Sunday at 8/7C on CBS 
The question is not whether Floyd Mayweather will beat Andre Berto. The question is whether he will retire after Saturday. 
@user  I'm sure Briana wanted to like Brooks back whn Vicki 1st strtd dating him. She wldnt just make this stuff up. He has a dark side! 
Red Sox Need To Factor Andrew Benintendi Into Future Plans: All of the hype in the minors may have been for Yo... 
"FREE Tickets for the National Day of Prayer w/Pres. Noynoy.Call 3747618 look for Mae. Nov 9, 8-11AM at the SMART Araneta Coliseum." 
Bellarmine Prep drives all the way to the Curtis 6. Bendixen 23-yard FG way left and misses. 0-0 -= 4:27/1st. 
@user Any word on the gate and set times for the Foo Fighters show on Thursday? Thanks! 
it's only just dawning on me that @user wont be on the bus to sing Beyonce with me tomorrow and that is heartbreaking 
just some info on E L James before we settle down into our books on Monday!   E.L James was born in London England... 
"Ha,says Spanish lawyer who had a conversation with Real Madrid on Monday night. 
I have a feeling UT will give Ole Miss all they want Saturday. May be a trap game for OM. Depends on UT OL. Ole Miss has fierce pass rush. 
"RT @user Dear followers, all I'm gonna do is tell jokes and make fun of Republicans tonight. It's how I cope. You've been warned!" 
@user I was wrong, the shoot-out to Charlie Hebdo was on january 7, France have had along year multiple attacks, mainly in Paris..." 
Ummm if u haven't hear Kendrick Lamar n J. Cole's Black Friday ???? What are u going ??? 
Brock  Lesnar  and  the  Undertaker  brawl  on  Monday  night  raw part  1 
"MILAN, Aug 27 (Reuters) - Fiat Chrysler chief Sergio Marchionne is preparing to take over as chief executive at Ferrari ahead of the" 
Does Barca's transfer ban expire after tonight or on the last day of december? 
Juan Cuadrado arrives at Juventus with a point to prove like Carlos Tevez, insists general manager Beppe Mar #Chelsea 
:His family has done it with humans..all I want to BowBow is.. Rahul Gandhi may try to divide us on breed lines now. 
"#MT """"@ebertchicago ’The Artist,’ posted new Thursday at Netflix Instant. The surprise winner at the Oscars. My review: 
Buyers of Wal-Born supplements may get refunds from Walgreens: The company touted the supplements’ likeness to t... 
'Justin Bieber' appeared on Thursday 24 at the 6th place in the Top20 of Norway's Trends: #trndnl 
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders may speak the truth at some times - but you have to be realistic and pragmatic to... 
"&amp;#160;Aug 9 (Reuters) - Frank Gifford, a star on the football field for the New York Giants and later a star in the broadcasting booth as" 
I bet Scott Walker would dump Tonette and become Kim Davis's 4th husband if he thought it would help his numbers. But that's a hypothetical. 
Just packing for a weekend in Liverpool and the small matter of a marathon on Sunday. First up though...Blackpool Illuminations! 
Find out why Curtis was awarded the 7th Annual @user #HamboneAward: 
@user You are free to join Yakub tomorrow if you are feeling guilty. Don't mind I am using Freedom of Speech :) 
"Kendrick Lamar got 11 Grammy nominations, and @user got a piping hot chocolate. Tomorrow's first bell trivia will be about movies." 
"Crowd singing """"3-2 to the referee""""Utd fans may remember 2 Martin Atkinson games at the Bridge that went against them.Torres never a red tho." 
@user be careful .. Google did break and hold on the upside the 50MA..  Will test that MA tomorrow. 
It'd be nice if this woman from Sirius gets back to me about KPOP&amp;U. I sent her a follow-up email Monday &amp; it's almost the end of the week. 
#YakubMemon the gvt shld not b partial on criminal..and also my deep condolence to yakub's family if he hangd 2mrw..may allah wit u.. 
Tomb Raider preview on the works today. Have a chance to read it in December PSMania issue. #tombraider @user 
Saying jumbo shrimp on the menu when it is CLEARLY not is just as offensive as homegirl from Friday saying she looked like Janet Jackson. 
Paul Dunne would Miss out on a $1.8 Million dollar payday if he wins tomorrow. He is an Amateur. 
Kris Bryant just broke a baseball 
Jamie Oliver &amp; his mate are making bacon butties on TV tonight. All I'm saying is The Horn. Last Saturday. Job done 
@user @user seen a photos of them and the caption said ""Kendrick and Sherane in the 9th grade"" and they were on some bed" 
@user @user may be that's the reason Charlie Hebdo was attacked in first place 
Old school Green Day and Sum 41 playing at work. I just might make it through the night 
@user Well, I hope this is the case. I don't have a PS4 at the moment, but I may get the PC version." 
"Just found out about the @user production of """"Dickens performs A Christmas Carol"""", surely a must this December. 
"Why would it be so bad if ARod played in the All-Star Game, but nobody cares that Ryan Braun will be playing tomorrow night #MLBAllStarGame" 
Just bought tickets for the Ducks game next Sunday!!!! 
@user I would tell you to bring Curtis but I don't want to be the 3rd wheel 
"Honest to god, just sent Dean Ambrose an email asking to meet him on the 29th." 
"After others are Partitioned, it may well be the turn of Saudi Arabia, for which Turkey is likely to be used as counterweight." 
"Vinyl Version of David Bowie's ""Bowie at the Beeb"" Box Set Due Out in February 
@user she won't. They're extreme Christians so they don't believe in divorce.. She just had their 4th child so she'll stay put 
6:00 2nd | Curtis with a clean 3 from the corner. The offense is flowing for the Raiders now. Gonzaga still leads 29-15. 
Note that it was Kurdish Pol movement  on June 7 dashed Erdogan's dreams2introduce an executive presidential system 
"This week marks the 34th anniversary of the death of Elvis Presley.  Elvis died in Memphis on August 16, 1977 at... 
Y'all couldn't wait for 9/4 to make Beyonce bday a "national holiday". Ain't gone say sh*t Monday or any other relevant day though. #Fools 
Ever since the launch of the Apple Watch in late April, each of the bands for the wearable have become available... 
@user He gently sat up, looking around and stretching, looking down at Thor with a smile. He climbed out of bed, got dressed and _" 
PHOTOS: Rock Of Ages kicks off the 7th Season at the Adrienne Arsht Center @user 
@user If local journalism is subjected to more consumer control, you may have a case to reduce BBC journalism. Oh, but the profits!? 
Not that I want to tip my hand... but there will be moves in both portfolio’s tomorrow morning at 8:35 AM (CST) Home Run and Follow The $$ 
And, indeed, on the 10th of December, a week after his return to Granite House, the Unknown accosted the engineer and in a quiet humble voi 
[Today 5/19]Gag Concert is back with Eng Sub! Kick off your sat morning with laughter! 
@user It's a formal disqualification as the match v Ivory Coast was abandoned. They may also face a ban from 2015 tournament. 
Chris Jericho’s 9th WWE theme for 30 mins: Break the Walls Down (V5): via @user 
Erdogan says he isn't running for election and then adds: On Nov 1st, we will vote for stability or not. 
0  You know plans for Tuesday  .= Now Much showing off in the Yoga class....: 
"In Greenville for the night, Clemson tomorrow!" 
Late Friday meet was just to clear air, says BJP a day later: Sources said the rumour about Gadkari quitting might have started...  #News 
"Monday's Look of the Day: the Kahri """"Blaze of Glory"""" Dress is crinkle silk, chiffon, and lace with gold metallic... 
PSA: Sharknado 3 premiers tomorrow night on Syfy at 9/8c. Stay tuned for a live tweet of the event. 
"I do have some complaints about this this beautiful Sunday night. First, miley handled that well. Nicki should be... 
"Rumor is, John Cena is fighting in the WWE SUPER SLAM, this Sunday night, just $49.95" 
"On this day in August 20, 2012~ #RAW: Kane &amp; Zack Ryder vs. Daniel Bryan &amp; The Miz  
Did I just here that Tony Romo played hide and seek at his bachelor party? C'mon son! #dallascowboys #HOP 
According to the radio, Rihanna’s Birthday Cake is the official 4th of July anthem. Sounds about right. 
Whoever is the DJ for UC 1st's music choices has seriously been favoring Katy Perry for the last hour. 
When will the iPhone 6 price drop? Immediately after the sep 9th announcement or not? and how much will it drop? 
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are going to host the Golden Globes on Jan 13.  *hyperventilates* 
Police surgery Fri for #Penygraig residents at the Boys&Girls Club  9am 11am, pop along and meet your local officer #MD 
Conor told dana white he will knock Aldo out in 4 minutes of the 1st round 
I like the fact that we got no classes tomorrow. But the typhoon approaching scares me. #MTVStars THE VAMPS  #MTVStarsOf2015 THE VAMPS 
@user I would think you would do that if you are running for POTUS. It may be part of your job someday. 
Just one of the songs to expect during THE FRAY's concert in Smart Araneta Coliseum on November 10. This is off... 
@user @user we have the new laptop for skyping! We fly to Ireland wednesday morning, perhaps we can skype before then?" 
"With Arsenal in the middle of a major injury crisis, who could they sign in January? 
Did you guys watch 4th of July?!?  ....do you mean Independence Day?...... 
#Mets 3B David Wright went 1 for 3 with a walk in his first rehab start since going on the DL in April with a... 
@user @user today I told a bed-ridden old man wearing Clemson pants that the rest of his team would be joining him soon 
I've never had Dunkin' Donuts coffee. What's the hype? I might find out tomorrow even though I know I'll regret it. 
For Throwback Thursday, Elvis and the Beatles...Two huge icons. Which do you like better? Discuss! 
@user that thread starts here but it'll take some replies before we get to the David Bowie part, heh. 
Kim Kardashian Apologizes For Breaking The Internet (Again) - Kim Kardashian may have actually broken the inter... 
Iran said on Monday that Israeli lobbying was behind a new measure passed by the U.S. 
@user Hi - do you know when doors open/acts start at Foo Fighters gig at MK Bowl tomorrow (Saturday)? 
Monday Final Ratings: 'The Voice' &amp; 'Dancing With the Stars' Adjusted Up; 'The Big Bang Theory' &amp; 'Castle' Down 
@user @user Even though im Pro Gay Marriage, its pretty crazy that the general populous may actually have voted against it." 
"National hot dog day, or as I call it Thursday!!! 
When I heard about the Libor scandal 1st I thought (blast from the past) it was David Owen & David Steele all over again! #Libor #1980s 
Joined the Nation of Islam after winning his 1st World Heavyweight Boxing Championship #waxmuseum 
"Dustin Johnson's career, with bunch of near misses at majors, reminds me of 1st half of Phil's career. DJ will break thru, just as Phil did." 
"Wales' Rugby World Cup squad will be named at 9:00pm tonight, Melbourne time. We'll soon find out whether the... 
So this means: Moroka Swallows vs SuperSport United. See you at Orlando Stadium on September 22. 
Real Madrid were held to a goalless draw by newly-promoted Sporting Gijon on Saturday. Sportsmail's RIK SHARMA reveals the five things he 
YO MGS5 looks SICK as hell DOOD! PS4 is on the way and should be here this Friday BUT I won't have Destiny until next Thursday the 10th =/ 
Donald Trump: Jeb Bush should be 'speaking English while in the United States': Donald Trump on Wednesday fire... 
Don't forget to #GetIntoTheKilt for Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto on September 12th!  We've got all the action! 
Threes by Bentley and @user give Sun 11, tying season-high. But Sun are down 88-77 with under a minute left.   #LetsGoSun 
@user o ok, well i'm not coming back to dallas tonight" 
Premier League Team of the Week: Van Persie makes cut for 10th time this season as Szczesny, A... #football #soccer 
@user @user @user Destroy ISIS, Hezbollah, Boko Haram, Hamas, Al Qaeda, just to name a few, &amp; peace may come to the world" 
Group backing Scott Walker is spending more than $8M on ads in SC starting early Nov through the primary: 
"Yoga instructor, Jillian Jackson, will be at Samurai this Saturday morning for a special yoga class!   See the... 
David Beckham may play Bond? Absolutely not. Couldn't bear the thought. Elba is the man for that role, Beckham should be nowhere near it. 
"Wait, who's that running into the debate? It's... It's Hulk Hogan as the 18th Candidate! And he just clobbered Jeb with a chair #GOPDebate" 
Faye Wattleton was the youngest, longest tenured &amp; 1st black president of Planned Parenthood. a Q&amp;A, w/her daughter: 
Jack and jack are probably going to Shawn's show tomorrow and I'll just be at come crying my eyes out because I couldn't go 
Bucs play pats tonight let's go Tampa bay! 
We do not live in Ground Hog Day, we don’t live with a victim mentality, today B rough but tomorrow won’t be the same #El #leadership 
"I'm going to L.A. tomorrow evening, and I really should be packing right now." 
Dark Souls has made me Hollow. Humanity at 0. Praise the Sun. 
"~Championship. Seth Rollins can run his mouth about me all he wants, but when August 23rd comes, the time for talk is over!" 
@user but I kept trying to tell people starting on April 1st 1994 that I knew Kurt Cobain was going to die. 
#MCGIThankfulToGOD - Mal_1:11- the rising of the sun is not in Israel.. 
"Monday Night Football was never just a game.. It's an event because of Cosell, Dandy Don and Frank Gifford. Sadly all 3 are now gone @user 
"HM asks Delhi Police to ensure Swachh Bharat drive: On October 2, Modi had paid a surprise visit to the Mandir... 
Why wouldn't Brock Lesnar be on Monday Night #RAW tonight? 
IBM Webcast : Positioning the Roadmap for the Logical Data Warehouse Sept 11th 3pm #bigdata #analytics #netezza 
"Doing a TV note about Hallmark movie:,""""A Smile as Big as the Moon,"""" about teacher's fight to take kids to #NASA #space camp. Airs ABC Sunday" 
Why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas....where they hoes at @user ? 
Snow White and the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders may direct Tom Cruise in Van Helsing 
"Mitch Steele from Stone Brewing, our guest on today's WILK Friday Beer Buzz! Click for the video! 
"Selena' new album will be released on 24 November. Information goes, that his title will """"For you"""". 
Anonymous asked: Would we have a chance at seeing you for topless Tuesday? 
Ruby Tuesday Streamlines Hiring and Onboarding of Team Members with Oracle Talent Management Cloud #HCM 
@user Unfortunatly irl I don't know anyone who watches Hannibal with me so I'm really looking forward to Saturday :-) 
Kim Kardashian may have broke the internet but Kanye West just broke Twitter #West2020 
"Ready for the 1st debate, all in for John Kasich." 
@user sounds like you may need a nightguard- Google bruxism 
Someone should suggest she READ some of Kendrick's LYRICS. It may be the 1st socially conscious experience she's EVER had #KathieLee 
@user he's their 3rd wheel they went to disneyland on a date and machimiya heard that they were going and invited himself 
Top Five Holidays for side chicks. 5) President’s Day 4) Day after Valentine’s Day 3) Black Friday 2) April Fool’s Day 1) Groundhog’s day 
National Ice Cream Day without Blue Bell is like the 4th of July without America #BlueBell 
- Joseph Prince (FB):When your problems were in your hands, the weight and the burden may have crushe...When you... 
College tomorrow...might just lie about my age and go enrole in year 7 at the hawthornes.... 
@user @user @user this is true but just mention Niall she may remember him and come back to us 
"David Wright hits singles. Enough of the hoopla, he didn't exactly prove #Mlb ready for tomorrow...#mets" 
Today is the 14th anniversary of George Harrison's passing. Something in the way he still moves us. 
So, Open Lobby on Monday. Starting at 6pm EST and ends whenever we get bored. I’ll tweet it a few more times before Monday. 
"Muslim civil-rights group condemns Hamilton sheriff's remarks about Islam: On Monday, Hammond urged other Tenn... 
@user UFC195 jan 2nd. aldo vs mcgregor, rousey vs tate. AT LEAST $13M gate alone. just dip into that money to bring you pal over" 
"If any US Citizen defends their 1st,4th, &amp; any Constitutional rights, prepare for premeditated retaliation from BIG BROTHER, &amp; he's watching" 
"So my Moto G is now scheduled for next Thursday. Lame. Originally today, now a week later. How long does it take to get to NJ from Shenzhen?" 
Phillies at Red Sox is still 1-6 going into the top 8th. Under 9 could just land here. See it out Boston! 
The party is at Sky Boxx every Saturday night with Ralow Smith and Mike D!!!! 
@user 4th is the one who sealed Naruto 
Apparently, Angela Merkel will step down as German Chancellor tomorrow to pave Way for the first non-German Chancellor, Lord Bendtner. 
Stayed in Grand Bend and watched the sun go down 
"Ventura, CA : see you next Wednesday night at The Tavern w/ @user 
@user Can you sign in and check your Order History Curtis? You may want to come onto live chat so we can look into this for you? 
Close to 700,000 people packed into Vancouver's West End Sunday afternoon to celebrate the 37th annual Pride Parade 
"Biu was on Friday reinstated and statutorily retired by the PSC, 3yrs after dismissal for aiding the escape of Boko Haram, Kabiru Sokoto." 
What's On @ Chittering this weekend?  Chittering Valley Twilight Markets - Saturday 12th : see the Shire website... 
Idk how on earth I'm going to get through April 14th without Kendrick and Oscar 
Caitlyn Jenner Could Be Charged With Vehicular Manslaughter. She insists that she's innocent &amp; Bruce was the culprit! 
Donald Trump signed a loyalty pledge Thursday saying he would not run on a third party ticket if he does not win the Republican domination 
Boko Haram have strengthened their ties with Islamic State group. May God keep us in this country 
@user  the new Die Antwoord, DIIV, Japandroids, 1st foo album, GnR lies, any Nirvana 
Open Golf Championship live tomorrow from 1pm in the Terrace &amp; on the BIG screen in the Rineanna Bar  Can Paul Dunne become open champion? 
"It looks like more ""Bad Blood"" may have been spilled.   A day after Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift got into a... 
Who wants to go see Justin with me on Friday ? 
Fleetwood Mac will represent #TeamTwerk/The U.K. in the 3rd Popptartvision with the song "Rhiannon" 
@user @user Messi is on another level to CR and James is not the 4th best player in the world... 
"#Trending: Tim Tebow is now dating cave woman from 10,000 BC. 1st date question: ""What was it like in a time before Jesus?""  #Tebowmania" 
"Bruni: ""If you sort through the rabble, you find John Kasich."" 
So the Bad Blood video out May 17. Vevo announced Taylor Swift broke the record on May 21. That's 4 days later...ugh 
"Justin Bieber's complaint on Obama's entrance, Colonel I's being sorry I now he may be Lady Middleton, his doing a more conjectural;" 
Another Saturday where it seems like Plan B is gonna take over. 
LEO OR VIRGO?! CLUB PULSE is the MOVE this THURSDAY! Leos & Virgos are free before 12! Also co-hosted by #Evalesco! Evalesco WILL be there! 
"*raises hand*RT @user """"Tomorrow"""" by The Winans is on my heart so heavy this morning... Wonder who needs to hear it!" 
Brian May reveals that the Freddie Mecury biopic has 2014 release date, and Sacha Baron Cohen is to play the singer 
Might have a Royal Rumble Death drinking game tomorrow. Alone. One day, we should have a Rumble Death drinking game @user 
@user you just get yourself right skip...  Milan in May 
@user November 9th @user  get your tickets for the event of the season Asap for more info 6179229545. 
Exploring Milan under the blazing sun. I already have the feeling I won't be able to see much. So busy! Tomorrow Expo 
How can we improve environmental outcomes in Canadian cities? Find out at Bridging the Gap on Sept 25: #publicpolicy 
"I may be one of those people who will loath John Cena the wrestler, but I will always respect John Cena the man. #MakeAwish" 
"There may not have been a transfer of players between the 2 clubs last night but Real Madrid caught the ""We did not want him anyway"" disease" 
Hear ma seh tweeps the place to be on December 15th is the ultimate VINTAGE enuh !!! At the one and only oneil’s place !! Ting ago slap weh! 
"This Black, Gay, Badass Pacifist Mastermind of the March on Washington Is Finally Getting His Due via @user 
Just turned tele back on and caught the end credits to Saturday kitchen live #ffs #failure 
Kevin Durant with the grey shirt and black hat cheering David Price getting out of a Jam in the 4th! @user 
"FYI, the inspiration 4 Ant-Man has been turned into a miniseries by @user and it's out tomorrow, #TheShrinkingMan, #themoreyouknow" 
"Leadoff triple for Ryan Braun in 9th. Brandon Crawford sac fly makes it 6-3, but not enough. AL wins 6-3 will have home field edge in Series" 
It's October 17th and I just saw a Christmas commercial... 
Kanye West may not be our next POTUS, but regardless of whether he lands in the White House or not, Chelsea... 
Who wants to watch the Real Madrid vs Espanyol game with me Saturday at 7 A.M.??? 
Curtis ties it midway thru 1st half 
Britain's Head Boy ticks off Chilcot for being nearly as flexible about deadlines as George Osborne 
On tomorrow's Current: Take the pain out of pedaling with these yoga poses. 
In the mood for some Yoga? There will be a Yoga session from 12:30-1:30pm in the Baltic room on Wednesday 9-17-15. Water will be provided. 
I was really upset on Friday night and I laid my head on my 'friends' lap he hugged me then began to sing 3 little birds by Bob Marley 
@user @user and if there had been no talking w/ Gerry Adams &amp; others from the IRA, there would be NO GOOD FRIDAY AGREEMENT." 
If Murray had won third set convincingly lets say 6-1/6-2/6-3. He would have gone on to win the 4th set. 
In terms of building segmented lists, then you may appreciate knowing that you can effectively list-build on Google+. #Tip 
Anybody wanna go to the Jason Aldean concert September 4th with me? 
This is like the 8th time I've tweeted John Cena about that 
FB: Jakes keeps it on 2nd down and sets up a 3rd and 3 for WKU. Ball at MTSU 46 
@user @user lets play monopoly when gucci gets home since he doesn't have school tomorrow 
"the Undertaker rises from a coffin to attack Brock Lesnar: Raw, March 24, 2014 via @user 
You can listen to Kendrick when he rap about real shid...but can't listen to august alsina when he sings bout real shid......funny 
And Josh Hamilton homers for the #Rangers to lead off the 8th 
"#RAW Seth Rollins, I love to hate him. Best heel ""weasle"" in the game in god knows how many years. Monday night Rollins!" 
If your thoughts are turning towards Christmas & you live in Bucks, I’m giving a talk on Dickens & Christmas at Amersham Library, 15 Dec. 
"General Dynamics Interview Invitational Event Friday, 10/26/12 at the Sheraton Hotel BWI Airport at Genera... #Jobs" 
San Antonio Cyber: Cyberspace the new battlefield in Tehran’s war - Vancouver Sun 
"I'm going to Troye Sivan at Alcatraz in Milan, Italy - May 2 
Filming all day tomorrow, I need rest... But I need to finish Act of Valor 
Just bought a steelseries Siberia illuminated frost blue headset. Hope it arrives on Saturday so I have it this weekend... #geek 
It looks like Carly Fiorina is going to do the Full Ginsburg on the Sunday morning news shows. Trump will do all but Fox. LOL. 
Someone get Dunkin with me tomorrow morning. 
"New Music Friday: Iron Maiden's ""Book of Souls"" Limited Edition CD with Hardback Book! #ironmaiden #LDDelta 
Might as well make a new Friday and have Ice Cube son play Craig son 
Just sat in the living room with my boyfriends girlfriend and Laurin watching Twerk videos haha 
"Giants star, voice of MNF Gifford dies: NFL legend Frank Gifford passed away on Sunday of natural causes, the ... 
Sonia and Rahul Gandhi will have to appear on the next date of hearing on Feb 20 as well @user 
Any of you will to watch Minecraft and have Half-life on Friday? Cause that's the only game that's ready to stream that I am willing to play 
@user they ruled that the laws against gay marriage were unconstitutional and they were...14th Amendment, genius" 
Bentley is 4 years old today. This was the 1st day I got him 
I'm going to a sam smith concert tomorrow lol 
Had a lovely last day of the hols with the offspring. Have seen far too much Harry Potter and Thomas the TE. School tomorrow. Phew. 
DONAIRE in the race for fighter of the year award. Won’t be surprised if he nails it. first he must beat Jorge arce in Houston on Dec 15. 
@user @user Sif? *She felt as if she may have heard that name before. From Thor if she wasn't mistaken* 
Revis bats down Sanchez pass to Holmes. 3rd PBU by 24 in 2days. Holmes makes up 4 it with catch on Cromartie on next play. #nyj 
The cast & crew of #TheCuriousSavage! See it here at ASH November 16 & 17! #FallPlay #ThespianGazelles 
@user Westside (Ice Cube voice) listen to Shirley's strawberry letter on 102.3, then 93.5 for West Coast Wednesday all day, ON WEED!" 
Bahraini prince to visit Gaza on Thursday: A Bahraini prince will on Thursday make a rare trip to the Gaza Strip...  
"Ira, you may have said but what came of 76-year-old man who confessed love from @user ""The Heart Wants What it Wants"" @user 
Compare that to Jay-Z and Kanye tho in music years it hasn't been that long because he about to drop his 4th album 
"Up front Kawaguchi, Sukuraman, and Kane will be inserted in the line-up tomorrow night" 
What's that you say? The Ladykillers single is out on Monday? You're going to buy it? 
So Kanye West just replaced Frank Ocean as the headliner for FYF on Saturday... 
@user Didn't Conor McGregor call it before the fight? Stoppage in the 2nd round. 
Gucci trousers atman conviction may bring up the match your implicative avant-garde elevation against supporti... 
Jennifer Aniston at the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund event at Chateau Marmont in L.A. on October 25. 
For those of you who may not know you can play the Iron Maiden 'Speed of Light' game on their website enjoy! 
Who knows what he intended to do after returning. Charlie Hebdo may have changed his direction. 
"Ed Sheeran dating school friend?: New York, Sep 5 : Singer Ed Sheeran has sparked rumours that he is dating hi... 
@user Neild to give Cofield a break bcus he’s an immovable object. Something that the 3-4 NT should be. C. Griffin is only in his 7th 
@user fans. Stay at Jurys Inn Hotel saturday night and enjoy Brighton. We are just 9 minutes from the AMEX stadium by train. 
"A Rabbi Leads the Way in Uniting Jews, Christians - World - CBN News - Christian News 24-7 - 
#YakubDebate have you seen the long bearded Yakub off late. #presstitutes won't show the radicalised man. 
"Mase said c'mon, Mike said shamon, lets start it up early like raven symone Welcome Back RMX- Mase Feat. Kanye West 
"For Arsenal and Spurs' sake, let's hope the futures of Fabregas and Modric are sorted before Aug 31st." 
Curtis Painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of Nirvana was getting the band back together. 
eh... first day Chinese New Year is feb 10th... 
"Make contact with the ball. - Paul Dunne, when asked what his thoughts will be on the first tee tomorrow at #TheOpen" 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich actually just 1 point from 4th in latest Q poll on jammed GOP field via @user 
"wonder how the rotation gonna look like. Harvey, Thor, DeGrom, Wheeler, who's filling the 5th spot? 
Although the evidence against Rahul Gandhi may be debatable but media persons are not even showing the same on TV. Why so afraid? 
@user  A podcast/TV show of interest to you may be @user they report on Xians, Jews, Muslims, etc. They're very fair." 
Barca fans when they saw "UEFA will study the case tomorrow. They will make a decision on the De Gea case" 
@user Gay marriage may not be your cup of tea but it's the law that she needs to issue marriage licenses to everyone. 
@user why does it feel like Google+ players are 3rd world citizens? Eg. No dp's for months, no response to my feedback, wtf? 
NFL: Will No. 1 Overall Pick Jadeveon Clowney Play for the Houston Texans on Monday Night Football? 
The USA Eagles take on Canada tonight at 9pm EST in a warm-up before the Rugby World Cup - If you have Direct TV... 
Y'all may make fun of Are We There Yet? but Ice Cube made that movie for his younger fans AKA me mofucka #CubeHive 
@user Naruto walks over to the kitchen and sat down. ""Ramen time! Dattebayo! "" He said as he began to eat." 
Monday Twilight Schools Football Last night was the final evening for Twilight Football. It was a very close... 
I'd like to apologize in advanced for I'll most likely have a long snapchat story tomorrow due to the fact that I'll be seeing Ed Sheeran 
#syria 14:oct Picture for the fighting yesterday in Karm eljabl  @user 
#Gardening Fact Friday: The most expensive garden was designed by @user for the 2010 Chelsea Flower Show and included a $5m diamond. 
"The PDF of the Forward Press magazine issue that Delhi Police illegally confiscated: Read it, share it, save it." 
IBM launches Linux-only mainframe system LinuxONE: International Business Machines Corp said on Monday it laun... 
@user  What do you think happened with Nintendo 3rd party? 
"2xUPDATE Kim Davis' husband implies he'll use ""2nd Amendment"" remedy against Gay Marriage supporters via @user 
"This Sunday John Cena is going to march in that ring, fucking destroy Seth Rollins and walk out with The WWE World Heavyweight championship" 
The pumpkin spice comes back tomorrow at Dunkin. Time to pumpkin spice all the things. 
@user Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the 3rd game in the series #DeusEx 
"When Randy Orton won The WHC at Summerslam against hmm,I forgot his Name I remember Chris then B.I forgot the rest.. 
Obama spends hour on phone with Netanyahu during Benghazi assault   PRIORITIES 
@user just got Bradshaw &amp; a 3rd for Asiata, Robert Woods &amp; a 4th in Dynasty. Thoughts? Was using Ivory &amp; Asiata to start w Murray." 
@user See you tomorrow. #MTVHottest Katy Perry 
"On this day in July 26, 2010~ #RAW: Randy Orton vs. Jey Uso  
Sophie performing the one that got away by Katy Perry is no what am after on a Friday morning 
Kane's teasing us with this shearer thing. Triple backflip into the corner flag at the stadium of light on Sunday 
Tommy Milone shut out the White Sox for seven innings Wednesday to improve to 7-4. #Twins 
Cba for tomorrow just want tomorrow night and Saturday night 
Just tryna figure out if the whole bye Felicia thing came from that and Ice Cube decided it would be good in Friday 
Last day in Jeddah. Will be in Brunei tomorrow night. And then Surabaya the following night. And then Bali the night after that. Whee! 
Kris Bryant is 16th in MLB in WAR as a rookie. Love when people say he's having a bad year 
Government keeps Theresa May's 'murky' deal with Saudi Arabia a secret | Politics | News | Daily Express 
"Uprising Muse | Format: MP3 Download (5)Release Date: July 26, 2012 Download:  $0.25 (Visit the Hot New Releases... 
Hopefully the weeknd doesn't pull a frank ocean and drops his album on time! August 28th! 
Zimmerman to appear in court: A notice to appear was filed Thursday in the case against George Zimmerman. 
If Digi isn't the same as last Monday am ganna be so unhappy 
@user paul dunne is leading by one shot and he is an amateur. Will he pick claret jug tomorrow? 
@user @user as usual no. You can Skype with me this Saturday kot. Still in Milan bro. 
"Hey, I have a ticket for Jason Aldean this Saturday for sale!! Someone please buy it" 
"DENVER -- FIRST PITCH: After a 131-day absence, captain David Wright returns to the starting lineup on Monday ... 
"Talk on ""Antakya (Antioch) at Crossroads and the Syrian Crisis"", Mon 10/29, 4pm @ Pyle Center; co-sponsored by CES @user 
@user Jaa ik mag, maareh kan je zaterdag stad? want heb die H&M card nog en die is t/m 29 april geldig X 
@user Hi, @user  are profiling Sam Smith this Saturday and we'd love to talk to you. Could you email me pls? ben.carter@bbc.co.uk" 
DEPARTURE of ship: AL DHAFRAH Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 3:09AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app... 
Got plans tonight?  Join us at AJ’s on Poyntz for Thursday Night Live!  Jessica Furney will be playing 7-9 pm 
The Deadman makes no apologies about what he's done to Brock Lesnar ... or what he's about to do at #SummerSlam. 
Tom Brady was going in the 6th round in #FF and now those picks are about to prosper. 
Laura Wright, Gareth Malone, Noah Stewart and Margherita Taylor attend the Classic BRIT Awards launch, September 6 
I wonder who'll play Nicki in the 2nd video for Bad Blood? 
UFO Sighting: Black Triangle Sighting in Perryton, Texas on August 11th 2012 - Dark triangle shape across the sk... 
"#WWE Live from Madison Square Garden, with Brock Lesnar in action, airs exclusively on the #WWENetwork on Saturday, October 3rd." 
Dustin Johnson...the 1st hole? Wow...#PGAChampionship 
An IRA rollover may make sense whether you're leaving one job for another or retiring altogether 
@user If you were on @user I would have suggested a song... It's Raining Today by Scott Walker. Maybe Saturday? 
"I watched ""Sharknado"" today. Watching the 2nd one now." 
@user  When you remember that Calibraska comes out tomorrow #CalibraskaEP 
Classes start 2nd (Wed). Classes on Fri 4th follow a Monday schedule. Thus spake the Carleton Orifice, oops, Oracle. 
A new bundle for potential PS4 owners. Contains the first three Uncharted games remastered 
"Rihanna Endorses Kanye West for President: On Sunday night, Kanye West concluded a captivating speech at the V... 
@user @user @user I'm starting the 30 marker in a min then I'm done ill do warners tomorrow she's long 
This is either intentional or he will go to Real Madrid tomorrow. 
"Just watched Pulled Apart by Horses &amp; Band of Skulls, &amp; am about to see Eagles of Death Metal! 19th birthday shenanigans @user 
"Watching """" Good Deeds"""" for the 1st time and I think I already know how tht movie gonna turned out. Smh" 
"gets bitches interested"" - Dark Souls may well mark the end of my shit. I thought it was localised. It was that" 
State Farm agent Scott Keller placed 53rd today of all 1st year agents in the US! A pool of some 1500 agents. #top100 
After running the mall, we knew Sam was the only thing that could keep the broken mon  @ Washington Monument 
i got 2 classes then im off going back to Greensboro. im heading to NY tomorrow 
#MLBFantasy Ryan Raburn belted a pair of solo home runs in Monday's win over the White Sox. 
Jenna is gonna meet shawn tomorrow... And she's getting me a video JDKKFLF 
@user the 5th D.(sleeping state or high ascension level).. there's also nirvana the mind, fits into the body*, chemical bliss" 
Celebrities pay tribute to Frank Gifford on Twitter: After NFL legend Frank Gifford died Sunday at the age of ... 
@user Dana asked when Chael started his job with FOX and Chael response was Oct 1st on FUEL TV 
Anyone planning on buying Floyd Mayweather's next fight plz don't do it. Buy CottoCanelo instead it'll be 2nd best fight of the year. 
"W fact: The most spoons balanced on the face is 17 by Aaron Caissie of Canada, in Milan, Italy, on 18 April 2009." 
Dooley gets a huge kill for a much-needed sideout and UND adds another to force a Vikings timeout. It's 20-16 PSU in the 4th. 
Football. Auburn Football Practice Report: The 19th-ranked Auburn football team worked out in full pads for the ... 
Hey I was in Angola Indiana this passed Sunday labor day weekend and I hard Justin beibber was there 
Ghetto at the Center of the World: Chungking Mansions, Hong Kong 
I am so confused by this David Bowie musical. Is it really done forever after Jan 20th? Or will it be back for a full run??? 
"Pat Brisson, the agent for #Blackhawks forward Patrick Kane, said Tuesday he believes Kane is innocent of any crime ( Per @user 
I really hope April's robotic hand can turn into a saw for the eventual Sharknado in Orlando #Sharknado3 
GP If Secretary Kerry's convinced the Iran Deal will prevent Iran from getting nukes, will he move to Israel? 
"Strictly lifting to the album version of ""Bad Blood"" on loop today in honor of the original Trap queen's 22nd birthday @user 
FINAL SUP YOGA EVENT Thursday September 10 starting at 10am  Let the river's flow move us along the St. Croix as... 
@user nice. We might stay at Lou’s house that Fri because trail of lies and the storm are playing in cuse, then F&I sat. 
"Tifosi, are you ready to meet #Kimi7 at the new #FerrariStore in Milan tomorrow morning? 
@user Got it Monday first with Cyril, Tuesday last with Kerry, Wednesday second and Friday fourth. 
Yet it's never the right time to talk gun control. Right, Bobby Jindal? 
Dallas Stars forward Jamie Benn has signed with the Hamburg Freezers in Germany. He could make his debut against Mannheim on Friday. 
You may have sold your soul to the Devil... But Your ASS belongs to BROCK LESNAR!!!@HeymanHustle @user @user 
tomorrow's Naruto episodes are the lasts ones right?? 
"The sun rose, and I was terrified when I saw David Bowie walking towards me. - my coworker talking about a bad acid trip at burning man" 
Toyota townace-wed on the ex parte lever pertinent to toyota: cEhOd 
@user can Seb Vettel's 6th engine/power unit be different to the first 5 in any way? @user @user 
Delhi braces for another Ramdev protest: New Delhi : Final touches were being given Wednesday at the Ramlila gro... 
News Alarm: Josh Hamilton (LF - Tex) Josh Hamilton (knee) is taking batting practice on the field. He could be activated on Monday. 
"If empire is the starting point then our history is the history of 1/3rd of the planet. Nkrumah, Gandhi, Marley it all becomes our history.." 
going to jungle island tomorrow 
Lmao I thought Kendrick was about to play Black Friday and I freaked out but nah 
When I do auto time on my iPod it thinks it January 24 1971 
does anyone want a Chris brown ticket bc it's on a Thursday and nobody will come thru 
Niki Lauda just confirmed to Sky that Alonso was released of contact on Thursday night 
@user @user @user Send Rahul Gandhi he is always 1st in PhotoOps but missing from Chennai  He always  talk about Comunication 
"I'm calling it, Seth Rollins loses the US Championship tomorrow night on Monday Night Raw." 
In April-June 2015 Q, Apple Watch is No 2 in the wearables market. Who is the current No 1 in wearables ? 
Sky really need to think of the fans more asking albion fans to get to sunderland for sat lunchtime #wba 
"The new way to take a dive in CFB....On 90% of the 2nd &amp; 3rd Down plays, let's run our routes short of the line to gain!" 
@user 1 at Lolla. 1 headline show tomorrow night at a Chicago venue associated with Lolla + an acoustic set for Rolling Stone in afternoon 
Answer Quiz 151 (NTS)  Zakat is the (   ) pillar of Islam:  A. 2 B. 3 C. 4 D. 5  Bl@ck Berry  Answer (C = 4TH ) 
#Twins Miguel Sano is not in the Twins' starting lineup on Thursday afternoon against the White Sox.  
Oomf just told me League Pass is free till the 6th 
Tip to Apple CEO: u may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to China. While UR @ it how bout bring all those manufacturing jobs back. 
Going to pick myself up at PS4 on the 11th me thinks 
I got job interview with Deloitte for this Friday 
"LVMS prepares for NASCAR weekend, busy schedule of racing: By Mark Anderson NASCAR weekend will garner just abou... 
When it took the 4th Division relying on heavy artillery 2 months to take Baba Amr from 500 guys in the Al-Farouq Battalion? @user 
DAILY POST: POPE reveals why he likes UHURU so much! See what he told WAMALWA! OBAMA may faint 
How is it not obvious the 4th Hokage is Naruto's dad?! They basically put it in your face the second episode. 
BBC picked up the NFL for 2 years.....that'll give Clare Balding something to do on Sunday nights 
playoffs are finally set. Chardon plays warren howland in the 1st round. if we win, we play the winner of kenston v. tallmadge. 
@user I had Asiata playing Thursday so had to make a decision then. 
I didn't get one Happy Birthday from you Twitter last Wednesday. Beyonce gets a 5 million. Happy Birthday B! 
Josh Hamilton just hit a record 28 HR in the 1st round of the 2008 Home Run Derby.  5 HR for Chase Utley. He saves them for when it counts. 
If Spurs had been stuffed would McCarthy be sat there on Motd? Or Arry? U bet it'd be Arry! 
@user see shawn at the georiga dome on October 24 @ 7pm eastern time 
Going to 3MPH: a Woman’s Walk Around the ... at Chautauqua Community House on Mon, Nov 12 
tomorrow all the headlines are going to be about how Nicki had such an ~aggressive outburst~ 
Saturday must be flea market day because everybody's out its too crowded for me tho, wonder if I can find Mike Tyson punch out for Nintendo 
No media Hallah no Julush for  late sepoy Rachpal Singh. Or it may be he is not terorist like Yakub .narendramodi 
"amel shirt ,missing from Eid 1st day,mentally abnormal hai kisi ko bhi itlaaaah milay please is number per contact  karein 03332386735,  ..." 
What is NIPPU? Is it an ideology? A form of dissension? Or a pathway to nirvana? I must admit that they may be all three... 
So, the 27th chapter of Serena vs. Venus sees the younger Williams move within 2 wins of a #SWeep15, though it took 3 sets to do it. #USOpen 
"To be clear, Paul Dunne isn't ""missing out"" on potential prize money.  He was never competing for that prize money in the 1st place." 
Rondy Rousey's next opponent will be Holly Holm on Jan 2. Will she at least last longer than Rousey's last 3 victims? 
Watch Jurassic World on August 27 right here at the park with @user #WonderfulCanHappen 
Going to watch Ant-Man on Tues because of Rudd and also make a decision on whether it beats Guardians and The Winter Soldier 
We're talking #BreakingPointe this Tuesday 6 PM PST with Ballet West dance Allison DeBonna. Join the tweet chat right here! #dance #ballet 
you know it's too early to be awake on a Sunday when reg pulls away from dunkin drive through without getting the food 
Video of Justin at a night club in New York City tonight. (September 9) 
We're watching the Apple Special event live here (Tip: use safari) 
@user @user Lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me OFF to WBB. My attraction to WBB over NBA is fundimentals 
wut do u guys want from dunkin tomorrow @user @user 
"#Gds : Juve is the most highest club to pay salary , roma 2nd , milan 3rd , Inter 4th "" #Juvenews 
David Cameron and Theresa may get your heads out of the sand these people are fleeing for their lives and they try to come here to be safe 
Going to the Heat vs. Bobcats game December 26 
If Barcelona beat Eibar tomorrow and Messi plays it will be Messi's 300th win in a Barca shirt #fcb 
@user U going to chalmers tomorrow? 
"Watch me on the CW Network's new hit music show """"THE NEXT"""" September 6 at 8 pm central!!!" 
Soundman Pete wrestling with gremlins in Haltwhistle last Monday before the interview with @user for Cinelove 
There's going to be a Baby Boom about 9 months after December 21 
"She made her entrance with the tune of ""Bad Blood"" omg sbnabs 
"Tonight, Billy Joel takes Wrigley Field and then, on Saturday, the Foo Fighters! Stop by for a drink beforehand. ---&gt; 
Hmm, I think I am living the movie Ground Hog Day, Grandma Jan and Isaac are back again this weekend 
@user @user Not too surprised from Onechanbara .. still temped to buy it as it would make my 2nd PS4 game. 
"Hi all, Its our Halloween show on Radio City tomorrow night I will be with special guests Sacha and Elaine on the... 
I need a new iPod. I've had the same one since like 7th grade 
Anybody going to Long Beach Comic Con this Saturday? 
Kirk’s Bike Shop: Support the businesses you love and Shop Small this November 24th. 
@user want Dunkin tomorrow morning ? 
Q1 6:40. Josh Freeman pass to Vincent Jackson to the Minnesota 22 for 26 yards. 1st & 10. 
Apparently there is an Office for the Feast of Blessed Pope John Paul II which is on Monday; #WIN #Catholic #prayer 
@user wow that’s a 1st cuz if that’s the case I woulda been on some Wilt Chamberlain stuff with how my pops & granddad was 
@user Christian Ponder & Samantha Steele, not Jenn Brown. Steele was hanging out with Les Miles on Tuesday. 
If I make a game as a #windows10 Universal App. Will #xboxone owners be able to download and play it in November? @user @user 
Doing two keynotes in #KC tomorrow . Goint to #NASCAR today.  I want to see if I can sit shotgun with Danica Patrick. 
I also had a dream last night that football season started and the Ravens were playing the steelers and Ray Rice was running all over them 
@user he's offering Eid prayer in which there are 3 extra takbeers per rakat, in 2nd rakat the extra takbeers r said before rukuh" 
Knicks vs Heat tomorrow. Kicking off the season at MSG. 
Tardis doctor who the 10th doctor Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Case 
@user @user - Chaps , I’m still working on the Pix from Saturday v Blaydon.  Should be uploaded later tonight- Phil 
"Prince George reservist who died Saturday just wanted to help people, his father tells @user 
I thought Arsenal were the ones who were supposed to have this  
@user If Rousey retired tomorrow do you see anyone who would hold the belt for awhile or do you think it would get passed around? 
One akp MP said on Sunday that whatever the result of the upcoming snap elections will be, they will make Erdogan president. 
@user the Red Sox, who are in last place in the AL East, have a better record than the Marlins, who are in 3rd place. Let that sink" 
Can someone pick me up tomorrow morning and bring me with you at LAX? 
#Google #Hot #Trend Eva Longoria to appear with Obama Thursday #TeamFollowBack GDNews 
@user I wrote this earlier, do you agree that KG may be a less likeable Ray Lewis? 
@user Yes, Dickens tomorrow night indeed. @user you too. Charles Dickens Tavern on Collins St. Get there 45mins+ before KO. 
Jessica Mathews mirrors the unrealistic thinking in the White House about how to align the US w/Assad | 
Looks a lot like the Redskins fumble from this past Sunday. 
@user Good Morning, Hong Kong!  Meme pa ang kasama ko, may headache :(  What’s the jap resto again in LKF other than Ippudo? 
Follow the top Kim Kardashian stories for Dec 11 on our topical page: 
@user my guess is the kissing too. Obviously they don’t hear him as they pull apart when Max walks in tomorrow x 
Can it just be tomorrow so I can see @user in Sharknado 3 #Sharknado3 #OhHellNo 
So Sunday Oliseh gets his first win as the Coach of Super Eagles after 2:0 win over Niger in an international friendly. #HaveYourSay 
 Monday night brawl with Undertaker and Brock Lesnar 
@user @user  Actually there were many laws passed by many people in the states, SCOTUS just ignored the 10th Amendment 
Storm Aftermath: ABJ - October 30 - Millions of people in the eastern United States awoke this morning to floode... 
FM Preview: West Ham United v Sunderland 22 Sep 2012: FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as West... 
I wonder how may twitter atheists have been converted by Christians. And vice versa.   Give it a rest FFS. 
My xbox live ends tomorrow :( MW3 and Gears3 all day! Hit me up! 
it's july 59 and frank ocean's album still isn't out yo 
@user any m&amp;g for Ed Sheeran on your show tomorrow or in the near futures 
New poster for our @user gig at St David’s Hall in April with Ruthie Henshall and @user 
OMG Bullet For My Valentine are going to be on Radio 1 on Monday night 
Frank Gifford's family said he died suddenly Sunday morning of natural causes at his Connecticut home 
Self-driving car nirvana may be further away than you think @user @user 
1st Day of 7th Grade...even Jay-Z the wonder horse wanted to be involved. 
Yuckiest Food in the Amazon due Thursday! 
@user I know it wasn't a typo  the curse on romo is coming sun He going 2 suffer a sports hernia followed by receiving crabs from dez 
@user Any word on when the Raiders will be releasing their depth chart for Thursday? 
@user i put Kendrick's in 2nd. i think it belongs to cole. it was a better batch of art. 
"Georgetown playing JMU in """"secret scrimmage"""" on Saturday while GMU does the same at Marquette. (h/t @user )" 
can someone going to the houston airport tomorrow get me a shawn video lmao :(((: 
Young Palestinian asylum seeker breaks down when Angela Merkel explains to her why she can't stay in Germany 
Gucci unmentionables inner man dauntlessness december accrue the couple thy joker on speaking terms inclusion ... 
"John Kasich cracks top 10 in GOP poll - The initial New Day committee was created April 20, while the other group ... 
.@Mets third baseman David Wright will reportedly make his return next Monday. 
You can't tell me you like Kendrick or J. Cole but haven't listened to the Black Friday songs they put out 
"Which is better: Gronk's new SportsCenter ad, or his 4th and final Dunkin' Donuts music video with Big Papi? 
@user I want you to cover ""Let’s Stay Together"" by Al Green on Saturday, just because city pages warranted it." 
Liam Payne or David Beckham the world may never know 
"I didn't evacuate when Janet Jackson's nipple exposed the power of the sun to an unsuspecting audience, I ain't budgin now." 
Did you see Girl Scouts on the @user morning show for #CDOS on Saturday? Here's the video: 
"Fifth Harmony will be going to the 2015 @user in Milan, Italy on October 25th." 
Emile Heskey scores two goals for the Newcastle Jets in win over the Victory | Herald Sun: via @user 
Aviator sunglasses were invented to shield the sun from Chuck Norris' eyes. 
Apple iPad mini iPad mini Black with (16GB), 8in - Black Slate #February 
@user Another one to note...Dustin Johnson 8th hole. Hits into bunker off tee, credited with 3pt instead of -2. #AVIS" 
Anyone out there know how I can go along to the Rugby Expo at Twickers on Nov 14th? #takemeimyours 
Y'all keep a real close eye on ISRAEL I MEAN A REAL CLOSR EYE..May GOD be with US 
No daddy daughter Dunkin date this AM because someone hit mommy. Twice. 1st time she apologized. Was not tweeting at the time. Then 2nd time 
"The London summer Olympics may have ended, but the NAC Summer Olympics is still going! August 26th marks the... 
Life is full of tough decisions. For example: do I wear the Kevin Owens shirt or the Brock Lesnar shirt to Monday Night Raw tonight? 
Check out Party on the Plaza outside of Gregory Gym TOMORROW from 10am-5pm and meet representatives from  over 200... 
Romeo Beckham leads out England with Wayne Rooney for his 13th birthday: David Beckham used his clout with the... 
@user a follow-on guess might be that if you are female, with an iOS device, visiting the site, you may have more disposable income? 
"Fall Youth Soccer begins August 13th! Have you registered yet? Plus, new soccer skills nights! 
"For those in the DC area, check out the Living Earth Festival on the Mall - this Saturday and Sunday. 
"Saudi Arabia hikes petrol prices by 40% at the pump: WAEC Releases Nov/Dec 2015 GCE Result, 48% Pass Recorded ... 
If you know a Leo u know we doing it big!!!! Come party with the Leo’s tomorrow night at the Jett Lounge!!! 
RT @user It is 5=30 a.m. in the morning at New York. Expect developments in next 4 hours. Mrs Gandhi must have just woken up. 
Smashing melons ain’t my thingRT @user Okay, Noel Gallagher is playing in Louisville on November 4th. Who’s going with me? 
Sunday Oliseh: Super Eagles coach says he has no problem with his predecessor ... - Pulse Nigeria #SuperEagles 
"ICYMI: #Rangers notes from Thursday, leading with Josh Hamilton to the DL. 
Erdogan may see possibilities in the chaos as Turkey heads toward fresh elections: 
"#OnThisDay 2005 Prince Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles.  """"Well, there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded""""" 
Carly Fiorina said in an interview Saturday that she and other female candidates for office owe Hillary... 
"I really want Justin to take a picture with Kendall,Miley,Ariana and Zayn on Sunday" 
@user ayeee wear the Jordan’s and a black vneck tomorrow, let’s be twins. 
@user hopefully Curtis lets me ride the elevator tomorrow #AlwaysUp #BlessUp #KeyToMoreSuccess 
Entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on 2013/03/10! This will be the 7th time! Check it out 
Jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters: Cracking the whip, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday is... #news 
@user I just googled it haha Catelynn and Tyler met first and butch and April have been married but they got divorced 
Found out today that my sisters also have security concerns about that huge theater on Star Wars Day. May be time to scout a new spot. 
@user @user @user thanksgiving game was a fluke, murray played with a broken hand in 2nd, romo had all day in philly." 
So Dean Ambrose doesn't have a match tomorrow..... Dean &amp; Undertaker don't have any feuds going on if you catch mu drift. #DeanVsTaker 
Nicki fighting all the rich flat ass divas 1st Taylor swift now miley cyrus 
Tomorrow is Eid and the sheep shall bleed 
"East of the Sun, West of the Twilight: New Moon #SinatraAMovie" 
NFL Rumors: Tennessee Titans Must Make Strong Bid For Jerricho Cotchery: Last Thursday the New York Jets let go ... 
@user @user They've done this every year. It's so fans go crazy and vote more to make sure they are 1st #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
People are going to think I’m a devil tomorrow, but no I’m actually Meryl Streep in the Devil Wears Prada duh 
I just spent 7 hours at Dunkin donuts doing chem hw that's due tomorrow and I didn't even finish... It's time to call it night though. 
We are not Real Barca or Bayern that players would be ready to join the club as a 2nd/ 3rd choice. On what grounds would you bench Coq/Santi 
How Deep Is Your Love now playing by Bee Gees of course from the 1977 Saturday Night Fever film and album... 
@user ~""Yes he is, tomorrow i will take him to my mother, she didn't see him yet, then we can invit Jane and Thor for dinner too""" 
"#infosec #security Sophos Releases USB Accessory for Remote Ethernet Device: On Wednesday, Sophos announced the ... 
8 Rs &amp; 1 D on the Sunday news show, including Sarah Palin.  "Liberal media"???? 
Having #GOPers on abt #IranDeal a fail @user . Kerry wrote deal,explains it, and Pawlenty's 1st response "if U accept his math.." #WTF ? 
Someone had a power nap...   MFW... This may be a really late night with no Dark Souls... :/ 
have u suggested to @user that going shopping&amp;doing the gardening may b a workaround?U cd b on to something! :) 
@user you going to The Vamps' concert on the 30th? 
@user Is the news about Netflix and Kunle Afolayan's October 1 true? Wooaaah did dey say Netflix bought it? 
Wow, just wow! David Cameron must have experienced a lucid moment.  
@user Will you get your driver to stop outside Cobham tomorrow so i can have a picture with you?#ChatOscar 
"If you phone in sick on Monday, you really must remember by Wednesday *not* to post pictures of yourself in Dunkin' Donuts #workfail" 
"Why is David Wright batting in the cleanup spot in his 1st game back? That is why, upper deck home run on the 3rd pitch! #Mets #DavidWright" 
@user @user November 17 2020 Abbott will take a hike for the rest of his life and we get Kanye West who is the Kanye Best 
#chrisbrown #health Islamic State fighters fled their last bastion in the center of Ramadi Sunday night as Ira...  
@user bentley got a fat ass like nicki minaj and hair as golden as the sun 
@user Real Madrid have a 1st choice GK who was 2nd choice last season to Casillas. Man Utd have the Spain number 1. MU stronger 
"On Dec 14 will know the nominations from Critics' Choice Awards, pray for TIHTY #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
I need to go to sleep! I have to take the CAHSEE tomorrow /: 
"There's a Ed Sheeran concert September 5th,&amp; if you are going too marcus high school go too the mob website too get the concert tickets free" 
@user @user  Not just the IRA.  
Hey friends! I have two extra tickets to the Foo Fighters concert at the Gorge this Saturday! Dm me for info! 
This time tomorrow I’ll be at the London O2 Arena. #vibes 
@user she might be, most artists tend to get knocked off after the 1st week, unless they're GaGa or Beyonce or something haha x" 
"""Man with the Iron Fists"" comes out tomorrow and that Indiana movie theater gotta get right and get that movie dawg!" 
"#AyoWaka @user you did ya thing at Hot Jam in Hartford, CT. last monday #BSM #TripleFLife #SQUAAAADDDD!!!!!!" 
@user Hey! Are you going to Noel Fielding with us on Friday? 
"Before the legendary Frank Gifford was a part of Monday Night Football's all-time team, he belonged to New York... 
Kenny Lofton threw out the ceremonial 1st pitch tonight. Who hasnt that guy been to the post seasonw itih 
Our next broadcast is Monday when the soccer team takes on Seaholm in the first game of the MHSAA Districts. 
I think it got eaten by a grue.- PC Friday - Diablo III (PTR Patch 1.05) | 
"If Eid falls on a Friday, is it obligatory to pray the Friday prayer?  
APOEL can become the 24th different opponent in UCL against which Messi has scored at least 1 goal. He has faced 31 teams in total 
Anyone going to be in Marshall tomorrow afternoon/night? #hmu 
Sprint may not want to buy Clearwire after all #news #benefits #bloomberg #clearwire #future 
Most common nights to order pizza: NYE, Jan 1, day before Thanksgiving, Super Bowl Sunday, Halloween. 
Ed Woodward already preparing for Real Madrid's bid for David De Gea in the January transfer window. #MUFC 
"The ""Bye, Felicia"" line in Straight Outta Compton by Ice Cube's son is a sick s/o to his dad saying ""Bye, Felicia"" in the movie Friday. #NWA" 
I have to learn all the words to every song on Calibraska by November 
Confusion clouds Saudi Arabia's anti-ISIL coalition: Some key members of the 34-nation anti-ISIL coalition ann... 
"Welcome back David Wright, now don't screw it up: David Wright returns to the Mets Monday in Philly, and immed... 
How is Vh1 gonna play friday after next and I still havn’t watched the first one yet? 
The only reason I keep going is that I get to see Amy schumer in June 
"Carly Fiorina: Unlike Hillary Clinton, I didn't do 'photo ops' with world leaders - Washington Times 
"White Sox load the bases but don't score, so David Robertson in to pitch with a 6-4 lead in the bottom of the 9th." 
@user Re Pope: is it possible to take MFL from 2nd to 34th on MORNING of MONDAY Sept 28? When does MFL resume regular sched/stops? 
The best (and worst) of the situation regarding #WWE firing Hulk Hogan on friday - - via @user @user 
"""""@Ilovedoobz: @user I did, the other new is in today, northern lights......"""" I get payed tomorrow!" 
We are playing a one off hip hop based set without Danny this Saturday at Plan B, Brixton, alongside the Dub Ratz... 
@user @user mxm wena Rebo, i know how to..and you guys are flooding up my e-mails.tltltltltlltltlt.Rebo and Tk, OST tomorrow night??? 
@user The night Matt has a place in Ypsi and we are going to State Saturday 
Tonight, Obama was the Buffalo Sabres and Mitt was the Dallas Stars. It may not seem right to the Sabres fans, but Dallas still won. 
NO YOUTH tomorrow. Come to Fall Festival. Also, this Sunday High School will attend main service with the adults for Super Sunday! 
"Wow, Vincent Jackson just missed another TD and potentially a 4th by Freeman, who is over 400." 
"When Devon was in 9th grade, him and brother went to see Twilight thinking it was a vampire fight movie" 
"Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th, &amp; it's called 'For You' it'll include 2 new songs &amp; 4 old songs she's done." 
"""""someone’s hitman"""" sure you are. you may be a hitman but dude, you just got pwned by Cupid cos he hit you real hard, man." 
"DBJ Tech Watch for Monday 8/8: News of Facebook, Google, Microsoft, CenturyLink and more: Welcome to the Denver... 
Sorry for all the Harry Potter retweets I just found a great account xD I know it's not Friday but #ff @user 
"The beast incarnated, Brock Lesnar calls Ronda Rousey a ""super freak"" but is worried she may not be remembered. 
"Dominant Christian ""culture"" is drowning out the truly loving and progressive Christians that I know of. :( 
i’ll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow Godwilling... 
Patriots fans, Patriots Fourth And Two returns Friday at Noon EST. I hope you can take a listen. 
"Sam Warburton Wales exclusive interview: When Wales play the Barbarians in Cardiff on Saturday afternoon, Sam Wa... 
So I'm mostly likely going to see Justin on Thursday and I feel like I'm gonna throw up cause I'm so nervous. I'm not meeting him tho :( 
got one floor ticket for Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean tomorrow night for 100$ who's coming with me? 
4 FLOOR Tickets to Ed Sheeran this Sunday. PM if you are interested. Section 7 third row. Best sound in the house! 
"Halfway through the 2nd, Kings lead 45-32. Collison, McLemore, Gay, Landry and Cousins on the court." 
Short week at the TDR Shop in NC...tomorrow we will head to Eldora Speedway for the 42nd Annual running of the... 
Syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the Non-Aligned Movement summit in Iran as Mohamed Morsi addressed #Syria crisis 
Floyd Mayweather may have beaten Pacquiao but I bet you a billion dollars he couldn't beat Kelly Robinson 
Wines of France was scheduled for publication tomorrow, but Amazon released it early. Look inside at 
With Mommy, Dada, Apple and Cherry are going to Noah’s Park. We’ll be back tomorrow 
I don’t have a jersey to wear tomorrow so I think I’m a just wear a Mavs shirt. Lol 
Ending our Thursday we have....  Bee Gees with Immortality 
Murray gets a warning for racquet abuse then proceeds to give his racquet to someone in the crowd. Anderson breaks back for *2-3 in the 3rd. 
GOP candidates Rick Perry, Bobby Jindal at the spoke Sunday at the Black Hawk County GOP dinner. #IAcaucus 
I'm afraid of Murray though... He beat Belluci with ease in the 3rd round. Kevin's strong point is his serves! 
"Ballroom dancing till 5 at school tomorrow, then Kpop on Saturday till 5, rehearsals at lunch times for mission day, &amp; grope dance at recess" 
Gucci bags other self aspiration april occur the set of two yours whole far out link in contemplation of admir... 
Teaching, then rehearsing.  Show with the GNR Tribute band this Friday in Cranston, RI at MARDIS GRAS! 
"Dear @user I need you to come to Neb in Feb, so I have someone to go to the outdoors hockey game with me. -Ninja" 
Mets lineup vs. Phillies: David Wright is in it for 1st time in 4 months.. Related Articles: 
"Iron Maiden tour dates get announced on the 25th! Boy, I would love to see my 2nd favorite band live!" 
@user Our friend Shawn is coming for the 1st time. We gave him a bunch of tips. I can type them up &amp; send in a FB message if you want. 
"Some girl sat behind me on the train thinks it's perfectly acceptable to blast her videos of a sam smith concert, which it isn't" 
@user @user they will have the last laugh when we get to the Carling Cup Final.. result may vary. 
finally finished my first season on #FIFA13 signed KAKA and Jordan Rhodes and finished 2nd in the league, champo lge football im Aston Villa 
@user no more mentioning of FlatBush Zombies. Are you going to his concert tomorrow?! 
If anyone is stopping at Dunkin and would be so kind to get me a coffee I'll pay you back tomorrow so hit me up! Thanks!!! 
"If Sheamus lose against Orton, will be cashing MITB briefcase same night? And what about Dean Ambrose? 
Nokia n97 small fry - do the trick each and every devil-may-care in there with equal exclusive chromesthesia: WAvuVw 
Will be on Chris Evans R2 show in about 20 mins talking about The Secret History of the British Garden - last episode this sunday! 
"First Friday Raleigh will be one of the last times to see Luke M Buchanan """"We Go Back In Place"""" at Rebus Works.... 
Photos: The 10th Hour & Fear of None played the basement at Santos Party House 
Gucci plenty foreconscious unbashfulness february crown the double yours virus inward-bound relatedness so as ... 
Sitting in the sun reading Keith Richards ’Life’. The man has some stories! #rollingstones 
anyone want a ticket to Knott's Scary Farm for tomorrow night ? 
I need to find a movie to watch . The only time I actually watch tv is on Sunday's and Monday's other then that it's either Hulu or Netflix 
Jeb Bush will unveil his tax plan in Garner on Wednesday. Claims it will create 19 mil new jobs. #ABC11Eyewitness #ncga #NCGOV 
'Joe Biden' appeared on Thursday 3 at the 14th place in the Top20 of Sacramento's Trends: #trndnl 
@user are you still going to Disneyland tomorrow? 
"Dance off Friday ~ Breakdance Conversation"""" with Jimmy Fallon &amp; Brad Pitt... #TeamSKM 
@user WOW that is some Real hallucinogenic shit U R smokin' der MAN! Careful it may cause U2 kill yourself &amp; not jst fry yur brain 
@user hopefully he comes on Thursday cuz you'll be in preschool right? It's Tegan's dad! 
"the only pandora stations to choose from at my work are Ed Sheeran, Coldplay &amp; Jack Johnson I may commit suicide before the end of the day" 
#AINA The Christian Militia Taking on Islamic State in Iraq: (BBC) -- Across the sun-scorched landscape of... #ME 
5. Di Java Jazz tahun berapa Alex dan Beno berjumpa for the 1st time? #DIVORtrivia 
"Increase Windows 7 Performance in 4 Easy Steps: ... complete with Windows 7, you may find you're lacking some po... 
starting now: saturday nights main event: hulk hogan defends the wwe world series alone i would you have taken in the bit about ten deep f 
@user golf is the Camilla Parker Bowles in our relationship. And yes, two!! U heard I’m going freelance? 1st order of business! 
@user  Kane just had his 6th heart surgery 4 wks ago-now he's home jamming! 
@user Nov 25 at the San Siro. I pray we would’ve gotten back our rhythm before then or we’ll get embarrased. 
@user @user We may have our qb. Tell me tom Brady couldn't win with our wr group? 
@user @user you may also be interested in this story about Kim Kardashian's  _______ 
"Four Lions on C4 tonight everyone, i implore you to watch, or at least record!" 
"Just tested my Moto G (2nd gen) for the 'StageFright' exploit and it is vulnerable, so I changed to a patched SMS app, and set as default." 
Fan Wwe Monday night Raw about to over up next  John Cena the time player them up John Cena. 
@user may not affect end result on Yakub. But he does have unquestionable right2 voice opinion. Wrong 2brand #SalmanWithTerrorist 
600 people will pack St Patrick's Cathedral later this morning to watch Father Paul Bird be ordained as the 8th Catholic Bishop of Ballarat. 
3 people from Big Brother are going to be at Flip Flops Friday lol 
Exhausted but buzzing after day 1 of #yalta2012. Need sleep, vitali klitschko speaks tomorrow, might challenge him to an arm wrestle... 
Joe Biden: run for presidency dependent on my 'emotional energy'   He want us to clap for him or something? 
@user No out of market broadcast tonight with the ESPN game on at the same time though,correct?" 
"Miss last Friday's Soundboard on @user We talked McIntire Park, Stonefield, & more with @user 
Light Up A Life w/b on Sun, Nov 18 at Hospice of the Valley in Phoenix AZ #pinterest #grief 
Play the Playstation Vita exclusive Silent Hill: Book of Memories tomorrow: 
"(someone, anyone, let's go see Ed Sheeran (because apparently he's here Tuesday and I had no idea???))" 
"Red-hot comedian Amy Schumer will bring her first solo arena tour to the BB&amp;T Center, #Miami on Dec 12. Do not... 
"#Kobe #NBA #Lakers Kobe Bryant, Lakers to make preseason returns Monday vs. Denver Nuggets #OpenFollow KBNews" 
Dwayne Bravo and Darren Sammy will donate their match fees from the 3rd ODI to the wife of Runako Morton...!! #WI 
"Not sure why Kane didn't start, he's miles infront of Vardy and also needs more international experience and goals for Tuesday game!!" 
"Ironically, we get to see both of the teams that'll be in the Super Bowl on the 1st day of preseason football. The Eagles & Pats." 
Arsenal midfielder Theo Walcott is linked to a move to Camp Nou the upcoming  
"Even if Real Madrid were at fault for the De Gea saga, Fergie would have offloaded him back in June, Van Gaal plays too many games." 
@user @user Apparently the answer is ""blue"". I guessed. I may have achieved Nirvana." 
Re doing a bio and watching the Republicans debate while smashing some Pineapple sherbet. Not sure what to make of this evening lol 
@user Really? We always had to make stuff for Mothering Sunday at playgroup/primary school etc... 
Soul Train 70’s Halloween  Party Sat Oct 27 ADV TIXX $10 -  $15 wt out costume $20 at the door...http://t.co/IrJ3lzNw 
6 - Louis Saha is going to play for his 6th Premier League club, only Marcus Bent, Andy Cole & Wayne Routledge have played for more. Travel. 
"Paddy McGuinness on This Morning, continuing to show the old stereotype that broadcasters from Bolton have to shout all the time." 
@user Yeah I know but I want to know when the 3rd generation Moto G will be available to buy 
If the PGA tour just played Thursday Friday Saturday. Dustin Johnson would win every tournament 
"Time for some Nekromantix, gotta get them all up ins my head for the gig next Saturday ^_^" 
@user @user when Shawn and the jacks are going to be in NYC AND YOU ARE GOING ON THURSDAY NIGHT 
"People of Cape Town! Organic Gardening Workshop by the Muslims for Eco-Justice!  This Saturday, Al-Azhar Masjid. 
Terry Collins said he asked David Wright to come out 5 times tonight. Wright declined. Will play Friday. Guessing off Saturday vs. righty. 
"I just watched the KCON snap story &amp; not rn BC Im going to bed, but @user can u plz teach me all about KPOP tomorrow. or after Gish. heart" 
@user may ur eve sweet dear,actualy its yet as Eid ppl do visits &amp; families,so it was here,miss u,u know my Eid wth u baby" 
Don't forget to tune in as Miss Iowa USA will represent the Hawkeye State during Sunday's Miss USA pageant: 
David Price and the Toronto Blue Jays offense 
"frank ocean, c'mon man I just got my heart broken. release your album, mane, we need it" 
.@FYFFEST is replacing Frank Ocean with @user for the Saturday night headliner spot. 
A new album of unreleased Kurt Cobain solo music drops in November! Any Nirvana fans in the house? 
Dear 72 virgins you may take over Yakub now.  
UBS: Interest in Apple Watch 'Tepid' - It sounds like Apple Watch is hot, but interest in the smartwatch may actua... 
I stanned Kendrick heavy Dec-Feb should I be happy about this and call everyone favs irrelevant? 
[Real Estate] Saudi Arabia to reveal 2016 budget on Monday: Three ministers &amp; the chief exec of the kingdom's ... 
I am so behind. Frank Gifford passed away?  @user though the sorrow may last through the night. His joy comes in the morning. 
Rahul should carry some Meow Meow with him when he goes to FTII Pune - he may relive his gods old bad days of Nirvana in a Cigar pipe 
Who will we be seeing on Friday at the @user #SheepandBeef #event? See us for live EID demos with NEW #app  
Bassi joins cleanliness drive: Delhi Police Commissioner B.S. Bassi on Saturday described the Swachh Bharat... 
"WASHINGTON -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) unveiled his health care plan on Tuesday,&amp;#160;promising to do on day one of his presidency" 
White Sox up in the 6th since when????? 
@user getting more people who never would have touched a Dark SOuls in the 1st place 
"This is the 3rd time I've seen Gadafi in a long while, and every time he's with Tony Blair 
Learn how to make soup with Danny Elfman's recipe: 
Gunna have a dank trim and maybe treat myself to a KFC tomorrow, get me in the mood for the weekend... 
Just happened its 8:33 am and I just stopped playing Minecraft at least I found diamods 
What if Caitlyn Jenner is building up the greatest April fools prank of all time...? #StillADude ? 
"Are you a Force to be reckoned with? Thurs., Dec 17 is Star Wars  Day. Batteries not included-some assembly required 
"Beyonce gonna perform """"gift from virgo"""", """"listen"""", and """"DreamGirls""""and Jennifer Hudson gonna come out singing """"Sun in the SKYYYYY....""""" 
KPOP FANS HELPING 5SOS #ShesKindaHotVMA it because 5th harmony should of not say bad stuff about 2NE1!!! 
@user +ticket rates and still EID mana rahe the log monday tuesday tak..Dilwale ka bhi monday tuesday huge hoga wait n watch bro 
I don't know what to wear tomorrow and I definitely believe this is the work of Lady Gaga and her team 
@user she look like every other 6th grader with a Caitlyn Jenner jaw line 
"Morning coffee with @user and his playlist.   Michael Jackson, Billy Joel, Nirvana, Bon Jovi, The Last Unicorn  
@user yES! But it's odd.. The meeting with Shigeru was in July but Nintendo give them clarification to announce it now.. Pikmin 4- 
Robert Griffin III returns to Redskins practice: Robert Griffin III returned to practice Wednesday for the Was... 
Best Buy Canada to begin selling the Apple Watch on August 14th: A subsidiary of Advanced Semiconductor Engine... 
The Nuggets kick off their season tonight and we’re hosting Nuggets fans THIS Saturday to watch the Miami Heat... 
"I'm going to buy my PS4 tomorrow.  Problem is, I am really confused about buying #Madden16 or not. Should I? Why?" 
My Assasin’s Creed Join or Die EDis coming tomorrow with  Ps Vita Liberation’s. But I want to play Xbox 360 version first! #AC3 #ACIII 
It seem like Austin Rivers is tryin to had to get a bucket. I feel em tho my 1st game in the league I was trying hard too 
Anyone else willing to drop $120 to see Paul McCartney at Nationwide in Oct? Or is it just me...? 
I may or may not be dressing as Zayn right now just so I can get cheap food at Chipotle. #noshame 
"RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK #fb" 
"Club going up, on a Tuesday. Come see Jeff and get a $2 Stella Artois Cidre and $2 Sam Smith Nut Brown Ale while... 
@user @user @user @user yo we should all chill again. lets go to the movies sept 9. Kevin hart movie 
"All 3 of Washington's TD's have come at the expense of our Linebackers. 1st Ryans on Reed, 2nd Kendrick's on Reed and 3rd #25 on Alonzo" 
"Red Sox take the lead, Yankees 0, Red Sox 1  Bottom 1st 
Who else is going to see Catelynn and Tyler at Anthony Hall on Thursday? 
@user there's a meeting for swimming tomorrow lb2 in Rodgers room let the soph squad know 
The art/science project I did with my brother (sitting on his coattails) is coming to Edmonton. Opens Nov 8th. 
RT @user Program Alert: @user will be having a debate whether or not Boise State can win it all! Check out the show today  ... 
@user @user might want to double check your Saudi Arabia info on this one. 1. 2. 
LOOKING AHEAD:Gov. Haley will visit Honda in Timmonsville tomorrow at 1:30pm. She’ll then visit the Governor’s School in Hartsville at 3pm 
No iPod until 10th grade began... Brother is still in elementary and succeeded in convincing dad he 'needs' one. 
Gucci bags subliminal self confidentness november establish the two-sided thine distinct avant-garde too to no... 
Cba for work this weekend, wana be a sloth on Sunday with @user and @user 
Michael Jackson Doctor Trial to Begin Jury Selection Thursday: Jury selection in the manslaugher case against Dr... 
"Aloysius Etok, the Senator for PDP-Akwa Ibom North West in the 7th Senate, condoled with the Super Eagles Capt... 
Cech set to leave in January: Atletico Madrid has joined Roma and Real Madrid in the race to sig... #TransferNews 
"Nirvana has been holding this man back for far too long, it's about damn time he went solo. 
Is David Wright going to break out the cookies again before tomorrow night's game?  #MetsMashers 
I’m going to Richie Hawtin at Buffalo in New York, NY - Oct 29 
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton Camp 'Getting Nervous': Sanders chuckled on Saturday at Clinton's suggestion that she will be the can... 
"Roman got Bray Wyatt hard on Monday. Tonight, he teams with Dean Ambrose to face Sheamus and Big Show. #SmackDown" 
"What's going on Saturday? (U2, Yumi Zouma, Detroit Cobras, Wolf Eyes, Government Issue, Andrew Ja... 
We are still taking registrations for our Education Technology Update with @user and @user on August 28! Visit: 
Only 2 non-Chase drivers in the top 10 -- Kyle Busch in 4th and Mark Martin in 8th.#NASCAR 
"Jeremy Ausmus eliminated in 5th place ($2,155,313) after he gets it in on the turn w/ a straight draw to Sylvia's top pair and Sylvia holds" 
See Marcello Giordani in concert on Feb 2 w/ the Dallas Opera Orchestra @ Winspear Opera House for ONLY $25. 
might as well go ahead and download the parade tracker app. Think a Zulu float may show up before the bus. 
wearing a nirvana shirt for the first time since 9th grade 
LISTEN: .@KwameKizito explains the reason behind the team's wastefulness last Sunday against Berekum Chelsea #AHOSC  
#family #Newyear2015    Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said Friday that he will not take a formal position on whe...  
Jeremy Corbyn's economic policy is so radical but reasonable George Osborne got a nose bleed reading it! #AnotherWay 
Haye waits on Vitali decision - David Haye will find out in December if a possible fight with Vitali Klitschko can g... 
Dustin Johnson cashing it in on the 1st hole. That didn't take long. 
"FRI at 10p ET on it's THE SCORPION'S LAIR w/Jay Scorpion. NEW music from Iron Maiden,... 
Nick Gillespie on Real Time with Bill Maher, Friday 12/22, With Kirk Douglas, Rachel Maddow, Mort Zuckerman, &amp; M... 
@user yes, i got an email reminder from nikon about this saturday event. if no go back, then we will join the photo exhibition launch. 
Mommy’s bday is the 17th.... Not sure what to get her yet 
Bowling tryouts November 5th pass it on if interested 
Microsoft cuts 2300 Nokia jobs in Finland: Microsoft on Friday confirmed it will close a Nokia handset product... 
Kris Jenner Gets Kandid: 9 Shocking Secrets and Admissions!  She may not be starring in any Keeping Up with the... 
And if ur saturday night ain't planned around Beyonce at MIA, we def not the same 
Amazon Prime Day: Thirteen Days in September: The Dramatic Story of the Struggle for Peace:  
"If youre gonna play the 4th line for only 5 mins, you might as well have kept orr and McLaren to fight" 
"Just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the """"Hands That Heal Fashion Show"""" Nov 4th Mr. Reggie 404-246-9582" 
"Rousey's fight may have been quick, but the most bad ass fight of all time is Tom Zbikowski v. Robert Bell." 
Sunday Gravy: Red Sox take another misstep with Don Orsillo 
@user saw Lou on Monday- tell me how she’s improved! 
Halftime. Red Stars playing well but only found one goal in 1st half to keep it tied 1-1. 
Almost a week since Paper Towns just released on last Friday but I HAVEN'T even see it. 
"Kentucky looked uglier than Caitlyn Jenner in the 2nd half, but a wins a win" 
"Frank Gifford, Legendary Monday Night Football Sportscaster and Husband of Kathie Lee Gifford/Frank had a great life &amp; just missed 85!" 
Wait what’s suppose to be going on tomorrow at cypress? 
"Booo, Murray gets broke early in the 2nd set. It's not as if he's playing bad, Anderson is playing exceptional tennis here. #USOpen" 
Murray just lost 2nd set and camera stayed on him during changeover. I counted 11 f-words in 20 seconds. New record? 
@user quite a few popping up in USA, XMen director, the producer that raped Kesha, R-Kelly, the 7th Heaven guy, thats all folks" 
Saudi Arabia to buy 30 An-178 planes for its air force That's a nice chunk of change for #Ukraine They can use it. 
Dustin Johnson hasn't made a par in his last 10 holes -- seven bogeys and three birdies stretching back to the 15th in the third round. 
Me n my dad just had our last traditional made in Chelsea monday together before I go to uni n we r so sad 
catch me on the news tomorrow: girl cries herself to death at ed sheeran concert 
Mohamed Nasheed’s Press brief about CONI report - 31 Aug 2012 via @user 
Stop by and see us before the show!  15th and Curtis! #DenverCenter #TheLionKing 
Meet your new (old) favorite endless runner for iOS, Race the Sun - Macworld 
Dave did you miss this? #TREND Runako Morton 
I think I just won tickets to see Jason Aldean on Saturday at MetLife stadium??????? 
Megadeth - Into the Lungs of Hell / Set the World Afire - Vinyl   Bike So Far dans mon Ipod en route pour Charlevoix 
Did u know that the official celebration of Pi Day (Mar 14 or 3/14) starts at 1:59 to represent 3.14159? 
"Play Clinton up front over Kane. He's not on it, still tired imo, give him October off." 
@user ~ remembering how he and Thor sat here in the exact same place years ago. He manipulated Thor into attacking Jotunheim ~ 
I truthfully liked my galaxy better as a phone experience but the game/app market is better on iPhone.  
Well it's about damn time Nike  
"Based on all the tour groups I've encountered so far (including my own), I think I may be the only Mainline Protestant in Israel." 
My #MUFC XI for Super Sunday: De Gea, Rafa, Rio, Evans, Evra, Clevz, Nani, Young, Roo, Chicha, RVP. What about you? 
Watching Crossfire Hurricane for the 5th time @user 
@user @user @user @user  Ronald McDonnell was supporting the march, cant see no sign of him condemning violence, IRA lover" 
"if YoVentura had done what @user Thor did on the 1st pitch to Esky he would have been villainized. Instead, Thor is a hero. #GoRoyals" 
Tuesday 4pm.  Ellen DeGeneres launches her new season with Caitlyn Jenner on NBC4.  What would you like to hear... 
I bet Nicki has like a 3rd of the industry shaking in their boots. Plus the Barbz will drag if anyone comes for her. 
"[Chicago Cubs Online] Kris Bryant Starting in Right Field, Kyle Schwarber Behind the Plate for Cubs in Thursday #Cubs" 
Today's MLB Cheatsheet is live! Ryan Braun is pumped about it. 
Buhari vows to defeat Boko Haram by December.  President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday declared that the... 
This image was taken at a huge demonstration in January after the Charlie Hebdo; let's stand with Paris again... 
Donald Trump finally showed restraint in a television interview Friday night when he was interviewed by Sarah Palin. 
Tottenham boss Andre Villas-Boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell Emmanuel Adebayor in the January 
Expect Samsung to announce the Galaxy Note 5 on Aug 13 for @user 
Are you interested? (IT) Oracle Functional Support Analyst-1st &amp; 2nd Line/Oracle EBS #aggeliesergasias 
Thursday night adventures... (@ Brooklyn Bowl for Maya Rudolph Performing the Music of Prince and ?uestlove to Follow) 
"EP #126: Psychobilly Friday From Space! - Terminal Signal: Psychobilly from Mad Sin, Nekromantix and the Quakes!... 
I bet Niall wishes he could see Serena and Venus play each other tomorrow. -A 
"As Kanye West confused the world with his VMAs acceptance speech on Sunday, there stood... 
Why am I seeing people with the #fifa16demo only on PS4 already when its out tomorrow? Its an Xbox sponsored game I thought?! @user 
Biden gauging his 'emotional fuel': Vice President Joe Biden revealed to members of the Democratic National Committee Wednesday...  #news 
Okay, who's going with me to iHop tomorrow 
Who's ready for WWE SummerSlam this Sunday!! Watch John Cena - WWE Universe take on Seth Rollins for the WWE... 
@user I'm in the second season when Naruto is training with Master Jiraiya and the 3rd Hokage just fucked up Orochimaru's arms. 
That may be it for the Mets tonight. You may not get a better scoring chance than bases loaded with David Wright up. Three more outs to go. 
@user @user #AskAnimeLtd Do you hope for a season 3/2nd movie for Haruhi Suzumiya? Were you surprised with how Naruto ended? 
Is it ironic that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter? Or is that just a pun 
Now @user get De Gea to sign a big deal so Real Madrid don't buy him in January on the cheap! #degea #deadlineday 
"Harris, or three others by others, lost in love; it became gradually her that brother's Wednesday, and cried Justin Bieber," 
#FootballAsAKid Every day at school, Saturday & Sunday morning for local teams, saturday afternoon going to watch Chelsea 
"Sat down, heard muffled music, wondered who in my family was listening to Nirvana, realized it was my iPod in my pocket." 
Because @user still hasn't put a pre order button for the Galaxy Note 5 on the website, I'm going to a store tomorrow to pick it up. 
@user The picture is from Karm al-Zeitoun Massacre in March You can find one with the same children on 60/70% 
Kane will be featured in the ACHiever for the Nov/Dec issue. Photo courtesy @user  @user 
Hey remember when Tony Blair took part in the baptism of one of Murdoch's children on the banks of the Jordan 
"David Wright may not be an everyday player when he returns until his back is full strength again, TC says, and that could be spring." 
"Ha RT @user Start of NFL Preseason tonight marks the beginning of the Raiders season, and the end of Raiders postseason hopes." 
ALMOST forgot about VCU’s Open House this Saturday! 
fty PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with po 
"I told you we were right about Big Brother not starting on Sunday, September 23rd... #CBB" 
When Kanye West told George Bush that Black Lives Matter...As much as I may not like him. It was the TRUTH!  
@user Yeah your game against The Ravens was a Thursday night game. Im sure you will pull for The Giants these next 2 games 
@user @user @user Anyone else noticed the uncanny resemblance between tgun and Petraeus? tgun's Dad may have a confession to make. 
I think imma just go tomorrow cus Iona feel like being bothers AT ALL ! 
Was just told Sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow  lol 
We're going tomorrow! @user Multi chamber of Commerce Event at Nikki Beach Miami 8/8/12 
"Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 23 - Fyxnews 
Have a spare Red Stars ticket for either July 7th @ Northwestern or the 14th @ Benedictine up for grabs. Takers? 
SUFFERING FOR THE GREATER GOD   Your kids may wonder why some Christians suffer. They may be confused by the... 
New game show Sat. hosted by Colin Cowherd and Hulk Hogan... Who wants to marry a Dominican?   10am in the Ron Jeremy Ballroom. 
Also,SPREAD THE WORD about our fundraising begin September 17 to raise funds for a 30 second commercial during the 2013 NBA All-Star Game. 
This guy is going in the mail tomorrow addressed to the Georgia Athletic Dept. 
How about that Knicks/Heat game tomorrow though lol, #ImOnIt 
@user @user you may have principles but lack reality. Liberal far out perform Harper &amp; Mulroney's record. too bad 
"Actual #Sharknado3 forecast in real life would be like ""22% chance of Sharknado but that may vary as the hour gets later""" 
someone should come with me to Noel Fielding on Saturday night because Noel Fielding, basically #please #Iwillcry 
What #DeepLearning and #MachineLearning Mean For the Future of #SEO &amp; Google's Search Moz 
Cup game this Sunday, away at Hamsey Rangers - 10.30 k/o. Tickets available on the gate on online through the ssfc website! #ssfc #cuprun 
@user Nov 1st Facebook, Sean Ryan put Plarium on the board as no. 1 social game in Q4, I can send you links to his interview 
@user @user he looks a lot like Hyung Jun in this pic. Lol. ^^ 
Anyone wanna tell me why us trending says Bon jovi performed at the Grammys. Aren’t they in feb? 
@user @user &amp; I was out with my best mate on Sunday's who's uncle was murdered in IRA bomb in London. 
Tottenham Hotspur boss Andre Villas-Boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a January bid for Brazilian Willian.  #BPL 
@user can you tell Evelyn’s bum mass I’m not gonna be at the bus stop tomorrow?!?!? 
i dont know is that the nintendo direct tomorrow is probably when were going to get right 
So in the 1st book of the E L James trilogy, Anastasia is played by @user & Christian is Christian Bale (OBVIOUSLY). It is what it is. 
"If Chuck Norris is telling you to relax on #Friday, then it's wise to do so. #FactsOnly 
iOS Developer  TH-Bangkok: Market Rate:  My client is the larges... 
Dustin Johnson will be partnered by Danny Willett in the final group for the delayed third round at the Open Championship on Sunday. 
@user ouch. Yeah, seeing the Lakers tomorrow will likely be enough. Lol 
Could have gotten ugly for Morgan in 1st after first 3 Red Sox hitters reached. But he only allows 1 run to score. Struck out Ortiz looking. 
Gucci bags other self good cheer november foster the couple thy party present-time coda upon side enlivened: ... 
@user I think you may be confusing @user with Thor. (Easily done.) 
Rockets have 15 assists in the 1st half. Lin and Harden each have five dimes. 
Lewis Baiely. @user Striking Katy Perry Images. You may want to check: 
"On injury report, Brian Cushing (knee) is listed as out for Thursday's game against the Colts." 
Morning tweeps #goonerfamily . Did Arsenal sign anyone yet ? Even from a Sunday League player ? I doubt it ! 
Vikings=10th ranked run game VS Lions=4th ranked run defense.  Need the O-line and Asiata and McKinnon to shine. 
Attention! The final release of tickets for Circoloco go on sale this Thursday at midday. Please note the first 2... 
@user &lt;sigh&gt; Yes I'll still be painting your Batman minis. Although I may need to take a break to make sure I get my Malifaux done :) 
Track meet tomorrow South Florence, Timmonsville, and the worlds finnest West Florence #tracknation 
Anyone taking their kids trick or treating tomorrow and would take Briana with them for a little while? 
@user My girlfriend is a prime case. Has gotten big into U2 lately but didnt know the words to Gloria/Party Girl/Electric Co/ October 
Bout to clown these Catholics and Christians on tomorrow. Blind eyes when you want em don't change things. Silence for now. 
Our hopes and fears for the film version of John Green's Paper Towns 
Real to sign Neymar in December - report - Bangkok Post: Real Madrid has reached a deal with Santos to sign gift... 
Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins for the wwe world heavy weight championship now on wwe monday night raw 8/10/2015 
"And, last night, I tweeted this article I wrote after Charlie Hebdo in January. Here I am doing it again. (1/4)" 
"About to watch Kony 2012 video. Despite 100m views, there are quite a number here watching for 1st time. Interested in the reactions.#yuga" 
@user you still got the Michelle Obama shirt ?  
"The twitter page of the woman who just won the Miss USA pageant tonight only has 3,300 followers, so you may have a chance still, guys." 
Its Friday people!!! Get that Kermit the frog cycling feelin ;) 
$LAKE 3 day rule applies for Bulls and bears on momo runs. Lake 3 red days = discount expect a big push tomorrow 
Looks like our English kaki at tnp missed the person for that wonder pass for mata 1st goal Eden hazard ! 
@user the Friday we got off of Thanksgiving break 
The boys have a surprise for Aussie Directioners with whispers they may return to the Australian Xfactor 
Friday Bonus Match the 2 songs for one time +400 bonus (awarded within 30 days): - Bad Blood by Taylor Swift - Feeling Myself by Nicki Minaj 
@user @user @user @user If the price is ""artificially"" pushed up, may be they should develop in Prince George?" 
@user the whole world will be watching tomorrow. And you have a decision to make. Will you accept Seth Rollins title for title match? 
Can you imagine being 12th in the polls and earnestly participating in JV debate before the main event? Congratulations you're Bobby Jindal. 
"I'm going to Flux Pavilion at City Nightclub, Edinburgh in Edinburgh, United Kingdom - Aug 24 
@user @user yes these are the submissions to be considered by Grammys. In December they announce the actual nominees. 
"En plein visionnage de """"Shut up and play the hits!"""" James Murphy est mon dieu..." 
Raw 1,000: Rock to get a WWE Championship match at the Royal Rumble this January 
This may be more of an Apple revival meeting than a press conference. This is the employee registration line. 
@user I reckon Kane will get off the mark on Sat then he'll be buzzing again c 
"Hear me and hear me well Saints, these ""cult-leaders"" may be forcing ""conversions"" on Christians in the dark? But... 
@user Barca turned down the opportunity and experimented with Suarez. Bayern haven't opened a cheque yet[Have 1st preference] 
"CBS says Andy Rooney will make his final weekly """"60 Minutes"""" appearance on this Sunday's edition: (via @user 
Aaah guys it’s Friday already in Spain where @user lives... I wanna do Follow Friday now but I have to consider Hawaii’s time... 
Dear @user @user please release a MGS Legacy collection on PS4 &amp; X1. So that I may play all MGS games for the first time. 
Big Brother starts tomorrow can't wait to see people slowly showing their true faces and/or going insane 
"D1:Highest on preEid,D2:Highest on Eid,D3:Highest single day ever,D4:Highest monday par with day1,each day is a RECORD 4 #BajrangiBhaijaan." 
@user @user Gonna try using it with Sadat, will evaluate my progress tomorrow at the library lol... 
@user 5sos, Zayn malik, green day, nirvana, blink-182, all American rejects, all time low, me!phi's may fire, MCR, panic at the disco" 
Who's going to be at Zac Brown Band next Sunday? 
@user I finally got moto g 3rd gen but its camera is not good as my Nokia lumia 720 is there something wrong in the unit which I got 
"Ok seriously what day do you think Niall will fly back to London? 12th, 13th or later after his birthday??" 
"If you don't come go see Parker McCollum Friday night, Chuck Norris will come to your house and roundhouse kick you. 
"London's Sweeney Tood with Michael Ball and Imelda Staunton, will close Sept 22; Broadway transfer rumored" 
@user Summer may be going, but Dunkin's pumpkin is coming!  #DDpumpkin #Sweepstakes" 
Covering Global Marijuana March for @user Night and day from #420, fewer juggalos, more serious advocates. 
On the 7 hour journey from uni to St.James Park - my real home. Come on Newcastle!! My 1st European night at SJP #nufc #brugge 
DEADline Aug 5 Fight the DARK Act and Monsanto 
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West update: Saint West may be the couple's last child: Kim Kardashian's pregnancy co... 
Champion Hurdle Tips - Hurricane Fly bidding to retain the Champion Hurdle: Ruby Walsh riding Hurricane Fly on t... 
"Well, Dustin Johnson isn't really in contention but that won't stop him from royally screwing things up on the Sunday of a major." 
Angela Merkel plans to run for a 4th term in 2017 If she wins she'd be Chancellor for 16 years 
Unofficially Yours for the 2nd time around. #nw with @user @user @user @user 
Getting ready for CHA 2015 Reunion September 26 on campus in Murray. It's also Family Weekend with a football... 
"Harper Lee, the author of the American literature classic To Kill a Mockingbird, will publish her 2nd book, Go Set a Watchman, this Tuesday" 
UEFA to study the case tomorrow and make a decision. Both Real Madrid and Manchester United want the deal completed. #DeGeaMissedDeadline 
"NYT editorial claims John Kasich might be appealing to swing voters, while admitting he's a social conservative. 
Dustin Jonshon doing Dustin Johnson things on the back 9. Time for Spieth to go fetch him the 3rd leg of the Grand Slam. #BestInTheWorld 
Tomorrow, PlayStation Vita owners can download the open PlayStation All-Stars Beta. PS3 owners can download the beta on the 23rd. #gamer 
"Miguel Montero with a go-ahead RBI single in his return from the DL, scoring Kris Bryant. The #Cubs lead the #Giants 4-3, bottom of the 5th." 
"You do know the term ""Bye Felicia"" was made by Ice Cube in the movie Friday and not some bullshit vine right?" 
@user the Red Sox just melted down in the 10th to allow the Jays to win, so we thank you for your sacrifice" 
Top Gear returns with Chris Evans hosting in May  
@user GOD bless you, may GOD use you to bring awareness to the fact that the attack on Christians is here. STEP 1, silence us" 
@user @user there are people who like/support Trump but don't want to admit it..may not be Rousey though 
@user @user Your mate should got through. After all he could sing look at Zayn When he 1st auditioned. X 
Preparing my birthday cakes for tomorrow. ..bday girls shouldn't have to bake their own cakes..Oreo cheesecake on the menu for colleagues 
"Rally against the imperialism and zionism. Milan, Italy 19 September 
"On this day in August 18, 2013~ #SummerSlam: Dean Ambrose vs. Rob Van Dam  
Amazon has just opened its Black Friday Store more on Business News by Cheryl Ceballos 
Y'all really think Goodell is mad at the Tom Brady suspension appeal? C'mon now. Haven't you seen House of Cards? LOL 
Rampage forward Greg Rallo ties the game at 2-2 at 4:25 of the 2nd period. Howden and Shore with the assists. 
"Jordan asked me why I was requesting the 22nd off &amp; when I tell him I'm going to see a Kpop group, he tells me how he used to work for a" 
"12 Ways June Squibb Is the New Jennifer Lawrence - 
Please tell me someone else noticed the Fourth of July instrumental in Paper Towns 
Even like NSN and He is We and Mayday Parade and Hey Monday and The Cab just because it's memories. 
Square Cash adds convenient money transfer to Apple Watch:  Cash, the iPhone app that lets you easily send mon... 
'Swachh Bharat' appeared on Sunday 5 at the 20th place in the Top20 of Pune's Trends: #trndnl 
"To combat the thick smog enveloping parts of Italy, Milan has imposed a 3 day ban on private vehicles from this Monday through Wednes..." 
Nirvana special at Liquidation @user  this Saturday 11pm-4am FREE entry Come as you are (but pls bring photo ID) 
MOSCOW, May 6 (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will discuss the crisis in Ukraine at talks 
@user Are you going to Danee's Thursday? 
I think I may know the story of the party nail. Salina Gomez jammed her finger the night before the Grammy awards. I rock a party toe today! 
@user What'd you reckon to the game, pal? All I've taken from it is that May is a gypsy, Maguire is a prick n Bellusci is a baller." 
Scott walker would tell you Wisconsin's 7 may or may not be less than Alabama's 14; he'll have to get back to you on that answer #politics 
Films at the Pratt: Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance, FREE screening, Sat, Aug 4, 1pm, Southeast Anchor 
"so mummy wants to go Hat Yai during the Christmas period, together w aunt. But my holiday starts on Dec 10 i think. mmm" 
@user @user have a look at the Sat KO games for NUFC and I’ll come out for a game and stop out.. maybe a 3pm or 5.30pm KO 
World Bank earmarks $245 million for Myanmar, outlines 18-month work plan: The World Bank said on Thursday it ha... 
Floyd Mayweather has Ali as only the 5th greatest of all time lmao what a joke 
Going to the album signing on Wednesday at HMV in Newcastle any one know if you go to the same place for the wrist band xxxxxxxx 
@user I know the feeling. In my country we don’t celebrate Halloween too, but we have a Pancake Day in February, so it’s the same ;) 
A piece of me will die tomorrow morning if Sam Smith is singing the new Bond theme 
"Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker talked tough on immigration Monday, saying he had a ""similar"" approach to that of real estate mogul Donald" 
ESPN stats from Sco v Ireland yesterday. Haven't watched the game yet but the stats tell one story 
Spend your Halloween (Oct 31st)  night with US!!! Movie Night in Morris hall (phase2) !!!! 
A Regal Nissan Titan helped walk a bride down the aisle on Saturday.  Share your special Nissan story. 
@user November 5th at Wells Fargo with (the remaining members of) Grateful Dead 
seeing a Google+ button on CNN for the 1st time. 
Me Saturday league match or the Chelsea game Decisions... 
"New Country 99.9 Gator Country Welcomes Jason Aldean, with special guests Cole Swindell and Tyler Farr, Thursday... 
Make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the Murphy Center in dance studio B!!! 
Hi Dr Bloody Curtis : EarlyModBlood. d0 u want to get FREE iPh0ne 6? Kindly check my bi0. Thx 
2nd look at the end of the botched move between Kevin Owens and John Cena tonight at #wwehampton 
Both clubs have proof that the De Gea papers arrived in time. UEFA will decide tomorrow morning if De Gea will be a Real Madrid player. 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday reiterated his stance on the government's approach to the... 
Nirvana climbed into the top 5 of the United Counties League with a 4-2 victory at Desborough on Tuesday 
13:58 Steven Pourier, Jr. (OLC) MADE the 2nd of the 2 shot Free Throw. DaSU leads 90 - 36 in the 2nd Half. #NAIAMBB 
Joe Biden confirms he is deciding on whether to run for president | US news | The Guardian 
"Our latest show: Prince George's 2nd Birthday, Danish Royal Family, &amp; Our 5c worth on the Republic debate #np... 
The signals for Axel Witsel to Milan are negative at the moment but they may make one last attempt before the window closes. (via @user 
Rumors getting strong Google+ may be going  away. If true I would certainly be sad. 
2 games left in the division: vs WSH at FedEx on a Monday night, at home vs. PHI last game of the season 
Tuesday's Q&amp;A: Should You Still Spend Time on Google+ Today?  Join the Super Gnomies for this &amp; more! 3:30pm PST: 
"Rome, Milan clamp down on cars as smog smothers Italy: Cars were banished Monday from the streets of Milan whi... 
It must be Thursday everyday cuz niggas is thirsty all the time 
Alright: who's choosing Paul McCartney over the Weeknd tomorrow? 
Will John Cena tie Ric Flair tonight by winning his 16th world title? #SummerSlam 
Franko's RBI single in the top of the 1st gives Gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom. 
Cuba with @user for March break 
The fact Ben and I might see Paper Towns together may make us gay. 
#Movie: Cate Blanchett May Star in Marvel's 'Thor: Ragnarok':  The award-winning actress is reportedly in the ... 
"Well-said! RT@TarHeelNation9: """"@KButter5: dook football, even the sun shines on a dog’s a$$ some days. #UNC""""" 
#FLEXTHURSDAY !! DIS THURSDAY!!!!!wit @user @user CROWS NEST WE CALLN OUT DA WHOL SOUF KUM KICK it Wit #PINKCITY!,:-) 
thought-provoking piece with Ian Bennett @user on new #blues manager Lee Clark in tomorrow's Birmingham Mail #bcfc 
tomorrow will mark the third anniversary of Niall picking marks nose and eating his boogers 
@user @user @user @user @user @user Norman Reedus says this ep is like the 4th of July here in the States. 
"Blog Post: Vice President Joe Biden to Present the Top Ten List on CBS’s """"Late Show with David Letterman,"""" Thursday,... 
Good by @user quickly punched out!RT @user Tippett Saga turning more than 5th day wicket at the Adelaide Oval: 
"George Osborne writing in the Guardian. Not surprisingly, comments have been closed but funny none the less.  
"So you dey fear cos of these ""Lion King"" names??? Don't worry the Super Eagles will soar to heights they can't see!! 
US Open: Federer,Sania and Bopanna cruise into next round: Federer defeated Kohlschreiber for the 10th time to... 
Have you seen @user Friday Night Lights? Our service powered all of the live-streaming updates. Read more: 
@user aww my celebrity day is this thursday also, going as Jennifer Hudson though :) 
ICYMI: The M's released Fernando Rodney Saturday night after a 6-3 loss to the White Sox. 
Kinder Morgan to divest assets to close El Paso deal - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP (NYSE: KMP) said Monday it h... 
"CM Punk posted the following on Twitter late Thursday night, in reference to the ongoing Hulk Hogan (cont) 
Kim Kardashian wears cornrows to mom Kris Jenner's Christmas Eve bash: On Thursday evening the 3... Daily Mail UK 
@user So you think The ""Feud"" between Brock Lesnar vs The Undertaker will end after Sunday's Match at ""Summerslam""?" 
Chelsea are going to write a blank check to Juventus for Pogba tomorrow. 
Obama comes back to win 2nd debate with Romney on points: (AGI) New York - A more agressive Barack Obama forcefu... 
@user i got given some cash from Fabrice Muamba, signed Gary Hooper, Andy Carroll some Sevilla Winger, i drew with villa 1st day. 
Obama administration poised to lift sanctions even as Iran flouts nuke deal with missile tests - Washington Times 
If David price can get 11 k's wearing Jordan's I'm going to footlocker first thing tomorrow #bluejays 
"Yes, Thor, I remember those 6th inning stats of yours. Let's lose them tonight, hey? #LGM" 
@user Harper's a 1 trick pony.  Throwing $ from a helicopter doesn't make up for clear lack of CPC vision.  3rd place &amp; dropping. 
Alright going to bed, gotta long weekend. Work Friday and Saturday then @user and @user Sunday night in Greensboro 
"Iran men march into final: In Sunday's final, Iran will meet Kazakhstan, which defeated Sri Lanka 2-0 in the o...  
"Just had a vision (it was a couple minutes ago, but Rousey had priority): Dean Ambrose turns heel on Reigns on Sunday. Match at Summerslam." 
Serena and Venus Williams faced off in a historic match-up at the 2015 U.S. Open on Tuesday, and many celebrities... 
Is anyone going to that Eid festival thing in trafalgar square tomorrow? 
Bruce I mean Caitlyn Jenner likes tradition...If he loses the dangly bits I May call him a her 
@user what time will the Anthracite 9s drop tomorrow on Nike 
Shit Nike joints be 35/40, u may as well do it lol  
There’s still time to get your tickets to the Indie Designer Fashion show this Saturday confirmed guest Erica Mena of Love & Hip Hop, Maino, 
"Turkey 'astonished' by Iranian charges of IS support: ANKARA: Turkey on Sunday said it was ""astonished"" by Ira... 
"On July 16, 8pm EST, Big Time Movie will be premiering on YTV with One Direction commenting during the commercials .x" 
Michael Jackson may have composed the music in Sonic 3. Someone please confirm this for me before I die this is so important 
@user please poach Chris Evans to host your F1 coverage and also TFI Friday. Top Gear is no good for him, he just doesn't realise yet" 
@user #FLEXTHURSDAY !! DIS THURSDAY!!!!!wit @user @user CROWS NEST WE CALLN OUT DA WHOL SOUF KUM KICK it Wit #Flex 
@user @user What time will that be? It’s already November 2 in the Philippines. Should I sleep now at 12:30am or wait for that? 
"Michael Jackson's Doctor, Conrad Murray is scheduled to go on trial on September 8th.  Can he receive a fair trial... 
Tuesday's Reader is out: Alzheimer's before 40, dwarfing Stonehenge, a more human Hillary and the value of college. 
"Putin will keep it nice and safe, may even load it up in some of the missiles that it may sell back to Iran. #satire 
Yeah Dustin Johnson will still blow it on Sunday 
"If you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today. -Bruce Lee" 
Mitt: I want unicorns. And to regrow dinosaurs. I want 25/7 St. Patrick's Day. And every month is March. #ohwaitthatsmydreamwishlist 
I start school tomorrow and it's almost midnight and I'm still watching Netflix 
"Some people may confuse what im saying for ""gay"".. Well happiness yeah... Pride..well yeah like the lion. Not the other gay..feel me?" 
@user hey I’m coming home tomorrow to surprise Lauren so don’t tell her but I’m going to need you or someone to let me in 
@user ’Jordan Rhodes (ankle) pulls out of Scotland squad for Friday’s World Cup qualifier with Wales.’ Nightmare.. 
@user did you know I love your face? Because I do. PS. @user I named my rubber ducky Capt. Sparkle-Pants the 3rd. #wtf 
@user aha yea it still closed and the truck is still filling... Im in my moms car because were leaving for DC tomorrow and we need gas 
@user is trying to cut the legs off @user investigation.   Hillary's Server Boy DID NOT take the 5th under oath! 
Pic: Jose Mourinho with Sun mingming (Chinese Basket ball player & one of the tallest men on earth.)  
WILDCAT WORKOUT OCTOBER 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! #FVSU RRTT 
@user my best friends and I are going to milan this friday to monday because you were going and now we have to go.. be there.. please 
@user guess whose going to be in charleston tomorrow too... Meeeee 
ed Sheeran is gonna be here on the 12th why am I poor 
@user @user you remember CescBoy saying for the 1st time in 8months he played 90mins with no strain at Chelsea! Compare notes 
@user Bring GTA3/Vice City 10th Anniversaries to the PS Vita! 
"After all, no Republican has ever won the presidency without Ohio, says Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who got the coveted 10th spot on stage" 
@user @user remember that day Chevy traded Bogo and Kane... Wonder if history could repeat itself. A 2nd p for p trade.. 
Kendrick Murdered it No disrespect J Cole wounded it 
Taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term: TAIPEI: Taiwan's high court said Friday it has extended ex-leader Ch... 
@user In one respect, teams may value Zobrist more highly than Kendrick due to the draft pick compensation tied to Kendrick." 
Daily Cannon: Coquelin: Arsenal label means you're obliged to give more #arsenal 
Summerslam preview coming Fri. Only 4 announced matches even tho there will be 7 or 8. Very odd. Will make for brief preview! 
Join us this Friday Sept 11th 7:00-8:30pm for Live Music and Yoga with guitarist Sean Michael Clegg &amp; Suzanne... 
Monday Inniit Boi Entertainment Eye Candy with the world's famous * Janet Jackson * @ age 50.... Black is... 
Nick was the 1st one pinned in the Elimination Chamber. 
"invited to an expert round table in Poland on representation of Muslims in the media. Organizers keep emailing me ""Mr."" 1st prob right there" 
MBB: Murray State just outside Top 25 (29th) in Preseason USA Today Coaches Poll: #OVC 
Gucci multitude libido self-command december appear the twain thine module an in earnings as far as approving ... 
"#ProWrestlingHasTaughtMe no matter what crimes Hulk Hogan commits, you can never un-wear your 4th grade Halloween costume." 
@user hey it’s Natalie the intern at CBS 47 Do you mind if I shadow you tomorrow or Monday or whenever it’s convenient for you? :) 
Boogie song of the day...Oh Ricky Martin: Que Mas Da Happy Sunday 2 everyone recovering from Halloween party hangovers 
"Tomorrow Salman Khan @user will be first one cry on mayyat of Yakub, he must already be on the way to Nagpur" 
"Real Madrid get better of De Gea saga, Barca goalies also under pressure: While transfer deadline day may have... 
First we got Doniya and now Trisha. I'm waiting for Zayn with Waliyha and Yasser so I can fly my ass to thee sun. 
"TEPCO UN chief in Japan as nuclear crisis simmers: UN chief Ban Ki-moon arrived in Japan on Sunday, where he pl... 
Anyone want to go and see Foo Fighters on tuesday the 8th of September? 
"Ends this Thursday. Have you seen Marvel's ""Ant-Man"" yet? 
I just may be actually done with this award show.. Unless they get Michael Jackson on hologram. 
OpenStack is powering production clouds. In this General Session at the 11th International Cloud Expo, Nebula CE... 
@user no offense but zayn left on the 25th an my organs are on the g r o u  n d 
@user Presents: DETHKLOK with MACHINE HEAD, ALL THAT REMAINS, and BLACK DAHLIA MURDER! TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13TH AT THE VENUE AT THE HUB! 
"If Spurs beat Chelsea on Saturday, it will set a new club Premier League record of 17 points amassed after the first 8 matches of the season" 
May 8 is the start date in the UK for the new Top Gear television program. No news yet on crew to join Chris Evans 
Look out for the Goon tape by Rocket droppin tomorrow and Underdogs Do Win by Yung Brodee I got beats on both this shit don’t stop! #wescoas 
If U live near Long Beach consider going to @user Church 2 hear @user Sat @user or Sun @user #BoldAsLove @user 
@user it's sophomores only ! For the CASHEE test or however it's spelt . 
@user uh....lol put Kris Bryant at the lead off spot on the Cardinals &amp; Carpenter 3rd on the Cubs and let's see how that stat looks 
Chicago (IL) Sun-Times: Cancel all plans tonight: Sarah Palin is interviewing Donald Trump 
@user Exactly. Back to Super Rugby ending at the end of May again - when the new deal is signed for 2016 onwards... 
Girls Gone Wild -->> Club Roar going be a Zoo friday 
VIDEO: Fury as lion killer returns to work: There were angry scenes in Minnesota on Tuesday as the US de... (BBC) 
Rios grounds out to end the inning. Should be all for Thor with Colon and Neise on bullpen. Still 5-3 Mets in 6th. 
I can't wait to take Bentley with me to work tomorrow and get her checked out. Poor baby hates being itchy! 
@user im only going to interlaken on the 17th. YEAH SIA i am always hungry here omg 
Show me your 7th grade literature term paper on Iron Maiden lyrics so I know it's real. 
@user Borefest m8. Witter slowing it down n turning his back alot, Frankie starting to turn it on since the 6th now in the 8th # 
Anyone heading to the Northern Territory Fashion Week Garden Party at Kerry's this 27th of September - don't... 
I’m going as Scott Peterson tomorrow and my brothers are going as Sandusky and Paterno. Possibly the most insensitive party ever. No fucks. 
"I may sound cruel, be it, it's nice to have terrorists like Yakub languishing in prison, dying bit by bit, before actually being hanged..." 
Going shopping for little miss parks tomorrow , like she need anything else ! #spoiled 
@user his 1st tweet after the attack was this. it's not unlikely he'd tweet that then after Charlie Hebdo 
Rather have that than the colab with Kendrick.  
Rehab update: Jhoan Urena replaces David Wright at 3B in the bottom of the 7th. 
U.S. Postal Service will increase stamp prices by one cent: The U.S. Postal Service said Thursday that the cost of... 
Who's going to Jason Aldean on Friday? 
"Katie: ""Let's watch Friday Night Lights."" Mom: ""Let's watch the new Nicholas Sparks movie."" Me: ""Well I wanna watch Naruto..."" ""GTFO Ethan.""" 
"Tony Blair's Labour may have seemed 'moderate' and but according to his former speechwriter, it was 'more revolutionary than anything" 
Taker. Undertaker attacks Lesnar to a disrespectful amount of boos. Hope Undertaker beats Brock Lesnar for the 3rd time at SS 
@user Didn't you get Slytherin in the Harry Potter museum? You sat under the actual sorting hat. That's the official word. 
Josh Hamilton catch top of the 7th. #SCtop10 
Aston Villa line up January bid for Danish midfielder: Aston Villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of... 
3rd verse on 745 by Gucci the best diss verse period. He dissed Jay-Z &amp; Jeezy &amp; crushed that shit. 
@user @user kris Bryant ain't no king. He's the 2nd best third baseman in Chicago on the 2nd best team in Chicago #SALADINO&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Jindal's claim that Planned Parenthood can't sue may not hold up, experts say | Because he has a LAW DEGREE?@#$%! #p2 
Turkey to hold snap polls on Nov 1: Erdogan: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced Friday he would ... 
Saturday night thoughts:    I was checking out the box scores from the American Hockey League - this box score c... 
Katy Perry flashes huge lovely cleavage in going down dress as she steals attention from ...: Katy Perry may n... 
A girl named Jordan just got crowned Miss USA on Sunday. It wasn't me in case you were wondering... 
Gucci bags conscience private matter december grow up the duplex yours pathognomonic way out accord over again... 
On a monday morning you still carry Schneiderlin matter put for head. These Arsenal fans ehn 
Want to find out more about how Eid al-Fitr is celebrated around the world? Join us in the PG Hub tomorrow! 
@user Going to see Ant-Man on Tuesday! Is it worth the money, or should I avoid it and go see another film?" 
@user I want to get my MOTO G 1st gen exchnagr with new MOTO G 3rd gen. Pls give me a deal. Let's start a contest for it 
Hey anyone wanna see the Zac Brown Band with me on Sunday at fenway? 
@user did they have Brock lesnar shirts at the live show on Sunday? 
I can't tell if Red Bull are about to sell or if they're just waiting until Jozy is available in January. #mls 
"I hope Paul Dunne doesn't collapse tomorrow, so many contenders for the jug going into final round! #TheOpen" 
Who else is going to be singing the Sharknado soundtrack at work tomorrow? #Sharknado3 
Dean Ambrose and Roman Regins might have found their 3rd partner because he is going to want payback #Raw 
@user haven't you heard, Zayn an Louis got married in Thailand. Just ask The Sun" 
Snoop Dogg's performance at the New York State Fair on Wednesday has been canceled 
@user Now @user what's good... why'd you get drunk in Milan? Oh because it's f-ing Saturday mate! #Freakysht 
"I'm going to @user at Forum Milan in Milan, Italy - Dec 21 
@user @user The Foo Fighters concert is on Tuesday so I doubt we will even be back by 10 o'clock. I might not see you at all 
1st movie of the night: The Vow 
One Jump Ahead on in the canteen: Seriously need to watch Aladdin tonight now! 
"Paul Dunne at -12, very possible that he'll be tied for the lead heading into tomorrow." 
"References 3.   Just the Facts June 25, 1961 Ref 3  Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) 3. 
@user your own Digi number, you may try one of these method :  Dial [+] 6016 121 followed by your 7 d... 
Former Westover HS (NC) star CJ Ford opens the season for Murray State against Brescia on November 9th at home. 
Those like Carly Fiorina or Elizabeth May who complain about debate criteria or formats should arrange their own. It's a free market. 
Let's be honest if Floyd Mayweather gets starched on the 12th will it not be the greatest moment in sports history 
"#Apple Your 3rd gen. iPad with Retina display is worth a lot of money, especially at Amazon #News" 
Sat crying at Google. I literally am so proud of people who go out every single day of their lives when it's so fucking difficult.... 
@user you literally sat a row behind Kanye west. How do u feel bb 
Sooooo....Chef Kerry has an extra ticket to the Owls Head Transportation Museum Gala on September 12. Kerry and... 
dunkin gets pumpkin spice tomorrow so if you need me I'll be there getting an iced coffee the size of my head 
Keep an eye out for The Lochgoilhead Centre and 3rd Carluke Scout Group appearing on the BBC tomorrow night on... 
"To compare, Anderson Silva also has won 8 bonuses and made $475,000. If Lytle gets a bonus tonight, the $65k would be his 2nd biggest one." 
"Sept 19 RT @user I'm hella mad they just showed a ""Sons of Anarchy"" commercial & (cont) 
@user Jo whiley name checked you on Sunday Brunch this morning as one to watch after talking about Nirvana...no pressure. 
UPDATE:: Bentley has informed me that my shoes that I cannot find MAY or MAY NOT be in the trash. :-) that is all. carry on. 
"Somebody tell David Price, it's nearly friday, the #redarmys ready to march on villa #awaydaysonly #mufc" 
I'm just trying to get that Derrick Rose SAT score.... 
@user what about a wee Boxing Day tip Curtis for the footy tomorrow spread the Xmas spirit with a bit of bookie bashing by all 
Politifact cites me to show Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty while Hillary Clinton supports it 
David Wright stranded for the third time tonight for St. Lucie. Mets trail 4-1 headed to the 6th inning. 
@user A normal hard slide into 2nd would be comparison to Thor pitching inside,Utley comparison would be if he actually hit him in the head" 
Canada responded on Monday to GOP presidential contender Scott Walker's controversial comments about building a... 
Correction... #TheSuicideTheory will be available on Netflix TOMORROW (U.S.). Check it out and follow @user 
"RT @user Drenched in vanilla twilight, i'll sit on the front porch all night, waist deep in thought because when i think of  ..." 
@user the 1st Deus Ex game was only ported to the PS2 home console. #DeusEx 
@user Thanks Kathy! Just walked in the door &amp; forgot it was Tuesday! Darned Labor Day threw me off! :) 
@user Like if you just label yourself liberal, it's different. Hell Bill Maher literally said """"C'mon guys I'm not a tea partier!""""" 
@user #BadWeddingVows ""This may not be the time, but honey.. I'm seeing Caitlyn Jenner. Espresso's after the wedding still right?""" 
@user @user I had planned to, but my school finals are on the same day as cheer finals (monday). So I’m going to NCA! 
Govt-shutdown caucus may not be ready to go to the mattresses over Planned Parenthood. 
Wednesday's Coyotes Tracks - Kane on the Move? 
Of course it’s Aston Villa.  Played them off the park on Saturday.  Bring it on! 
Going to some like it hot in newcastle on Saturday for a dance off @user 
"Watching Karate Kid 3 for the 1st time. So Mr. Miyagi's dream is to open a bonzai shop and not, I dunno, a karate dojo?" 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. - Julie Andrews 
"Although it's hard to tell, since I only have radio commentary. May just be that Anderson is choking badly, not Murray playing better." 
@user a poor man Muntari and benchwarmer for Lazio he no Milan player we buy him so in January we loan him to Carpi 
40% of Syrians are graduates.  Perhaps Angela Merkel's decision is not just humanitarian.  
The Undertaker returns to face Brock Lesnar at #SummerSlam August 23rd... Watch FREE throughout the whole month! 
@user @user For the pun alone! Not sure if it nudges Muppets' Nirvana barbershop quartet out of 1st place, but it's close." 
IBM Collation C4090-451 Exam Question - IBM Certified Specialist C4090-451 play around with may endorsed... 
@user first his young, you cant use his stats. 2nd shu khas Milan? Doesnt mean that was good business wt they did." 
5 star SEO Author promotion page designed 2 help come up in the 1st page of search engine results, above Amazon &amp; SWs 
Mark Your Calendar! September 12th from 8:00am to 11:00am  If you live near Prince George's Community College and... 
Remember the Bale's batman trilogy. 1st movie: Batman emerges as a new savior. 2nd movie: Batman is hated and casted away as a bad guy..... 
Can't believe Chelsea's 16 on Thursday and she still looks about 10 @user 
@user ""I may have thy fist bumped."" Thor is her fist for Tony to bump with his." 
Kris Bryant first pitch home run swing in the bottom of the 8th. #ChicagoCubs clutch hit 
Be looking for us this Friday @ Elon University for Campus Fest! Learn more about The Loft and check out how you can win the new Kindle Fire 
@user Was at the Zac Brown Band concert in Philly on Saturday. Saw a lot of ""jailbait"" and immediately thought of you. It was weird." 
Quote Of The Day (Superb Sunday) "As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." -- Donald Trump,... 
In Context: Scott Walker and 'birthright citizenship' - If it's Tuesday it must be... via @user 
Anyone else going to see Jason aldean and Kenny Chesney August 15th? If so hmu. 
National Hot Dog Day is Saturday #CapitalGMC #Saturday see you there. 
My early presidential prediction: 1year from now we will be down to just 2...Joe Biden vs Marco Rubio. You heard it here 1st! 
@user again it was a thurs watching Nadal game and tried to type ffs... 
Did you know that 'Seth Rollins' was Trending Topic on Monday 24 for 4 hours in Washington? #trndnl 
Look for Monday’s edition of The Record for full package of stories, photos and more about Friday’s plane crash 
"Sprint getting Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 with LTE support, on November 11th #PhoneArena 
Q3 0:54. Eli Manning pass intended for Victor Cruz intercepted by Danny McCray at the Dallas 35 returned for no gain. 1st & 10. 
@user what did you think of Derby tonight sav? 
U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday:  This is not a rebel song and it's not against on sunday...it's all about anyday. 
Arsenal couldnt get the 4th choice striker Juventus had  This is Arsene Wenger 
"The Pacers are counting on Paul George to step up, Gerald Green and DJ Augustin are your adds... Nat 2nd in the East, son." 
Defence lawyer also clarifies that earlier Mercy petition was from Yakub kin. Wednesday's petition was the 1st from death sentence convict. 
Got a call with digi tomorrow, they want meh 
sooo i might go to laidback luke on friday with nessaaaa ^.^ we going hard >:] 
"Murray needs to send for Thunderbird One here.  Two sets down for the 2nd time.  Surely he can't do it again, can he?  #usopen2015 #murray" 
@user Need to pop to the bank tomorrow before Star Wars, need money to buy Cloud for Curtis." 
"Next Saturday the 1s are home to Lechlade, whilst the 2s are at Trowbridge. Matches now start 30 mins earlier (see p32 &amp; p53 of Handbook)" 
did i ever tell you htat i had a really well thought out naruto oc when i was in like 5th/6th grade with a back story and everything 
@user keeping Dez (1st) and Hill (9th). Green&amp;Calvin will prob be the best avail WR's. Nervous about both. Go with Murray or Gore? 
@user Honestly didn't know.  But for example, Henry Owens is current Red Sox 5th starter currently.  I'll take Colby at the moment." 
#Canada #sweden Jason Vernau Live @ SET Nightclub Miami February 25th 2012:      Jason Vernau is back with some ... 
@user Around 11:45pm, but it never actually gets dark... just stays twilight for four hours until the sun comes back up." 
Sam Smith is going to be in Austin tomorrow and I'm going to be in San Marcos! Why?!? I wanted to see him so bad!! :'( 
@user today issued a statement once it learned that Sprint may take a controlling interest in Clearwire in order (cont) 
@user @user @user If I may ask what are the Boko Haram fighting for? even they don't know. 
Making a sign for #Kate’s NYC Marathon on Sunday for @user Charity. What do you think? Was never any good at art.... 
@user Funny thing, I think David Price is going to get bombed tomorrow.You'll win the next 2 though" 
Ganda din pala ng Unofficially Yours :) may pagkafriends with benefits! But the thing na ganda ng pagkaarte ni JohnLlyod and Angel! EPIC! :) 
"finally the term of Ruto as president ends tomorrow, dont worry @user you were not elected but selected" 
@user Kane walked off with a tight calf last saturday. If he starts i guess N'jie will be on the bench. 
"Soaking rain falls across Metroplex: Widespread rain across the Metroplex soaked the region Saturday, with most... 
What to expect from Apple in about 3 hours and 45 minutes 
We may never know cause Hillary's lawyers deleted all the emails related to having Ambassador Stevens assassinated. 
@user @user @user Personally I think Utd should just tell Madrid, the deal is gone and then in January sell DDG to Barca 
Ciao, Tennessee. Hello, Kentucky. Mali progress. I may actually make it home before the sun comes up. 
I think this is the first time Kris Bryant isn't batting 3rd 
Someone should point out to Unionists &amp; Loyalists that it is perfectly possible to investigate Bloody Sunday &amp; IRA crimes at the same time. 
@user What should tomorrow night’s #KandiKoatedNight topic be???? -- how I’m going to get on Kandi Factory! 
@user I actually drove him in Ps4 at Monaco crashed 2nd lap. Oh Naldo where have you gone? #ItalianGP 
Making The Rounds: Teddy Atlas previews Saturday's #PBConESPN card &amp; shares how he celebrated National Hot Dog Day 
"What is with August 9??? Bernie Mac, Isaac Hayes and now Frank Gifford all passed away on August 9." 
@user You may want to learn about what the SCOTUS does.  @user 
The next person to be on Smash Project is Of Mice & Men cause they're already going to Quezon City on March 8th and playing Soundwave 
c'mon. you GOTTA love this guy! @user Donald Trump says Jeb Bush should 'set the example' by speaking English only 
Religious freedom, purposely protected by 1st A., is now trampled by the SCOTUS decision on gay marriage.#ImWithKim 
Chuck Norris is on the 11th Prestigue on Modern Warfare 2 ... It took one game to get there. 
"Watch the Fall'15 Trend Forecasting and Panel from New York, Milan, London and Paris only at Fashion's Night in on September 9th!" 
Football: (10:39 2Q) - Touchdown @user Curtis runs in for his 3rd TD in the first 20 min. of the game. 20th TD on season for Curtis. 
"Some say he knocked Briana while with Eleanor but??? She's due in February, do you think she'll be pregnant for 11 months or what?" 
In the crypt of this church was an illegal Sunday night gay club where I first saw Lily Savage 
As expected David Wright is getting the night off for St. Lucie tonight. Steven Matz is making his 2nd rehab start. 
"I anxiously Google ""frank ocean"" all day long like he's an ex-boyfriend and I'm on Facebook and it's 2AM on a Saturday." 
When does the ipod touch 6th gen, come out? 
@user wins 3rd set to get back into the match but @user still leads 6-7 3-6 7-6 Murray has won 8 times from 2 sets down. 
"RT @user Time for #MusicMonday.. Today's choice is PJ Harvey - In the Dark Places, for the album Let England Shake ..." 
Tomorrow Knicks vs Heat it gonna be tough game Carmelo Anthony, Tyson chandler and jason kidd vs LeBron James, Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh 
So today i checked my old iPod 4th gen which is on iOS 6.1.6 and it can't be upgraded further and i randomly open twitter 
Not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for Carly Fiorina 
"All of a sudden nobody's talking about June, nobody's talking about the Dodgers, about Kershaw, McCutchen, Bryce Harper, or Wainwright. :)" 
@user the McCormick Place....rite here by the hyatt hotel on like 23rd nd King Dr. 
"Charlie Rose with Louis Rukeyser; Richard Eyre; Jonathan Kozol (November 16, 1995): First, Wall Street Week host... 
Chris Jericho brings his hard rockin outfit @user to the Mod Club Monday! 
"on the other hand, i'm 1/7th of the way done with naruto's manga" 
"Victor Cruz said Tuesday that his agent and the @user have """"agreed on the structure"""" of a new contract. @user @user @user 
Or make a 4th installment for the PS4 since that's one of their ips #ape #escape 
_RT_ bobbymoo: jreynoldsMP That's Real Madrid trying to open the De Gea documents sent over by #MUFC on Sunday... 
"the wait to find out if one of the 44 people i got to apply to win sam smith tickets is killing me, thursday hurry the fuck up" 
"On Sunday Come to @user - Jason Vernau - Say """"TRAVIS’s LIST"""" at the Door for FREE Entry 4pm-Midnight or Reduced $10 Midnight-2am" 
Rooney Mara wearing @user S/S'16 to the 8th annual #MoMAFilmBenefit honoring Cate Blanchett last night! 
I guess having 3 main teams is the best way to go about it, going with Arsenal,PSG, and a 3rd one I can't  think of atm 
Bernie Sanders will be here in Atlanta on Friday for a fundraising event, the guest cost is $50. Note, that on... 
@user both teams are off tomorrow and home Friday. Red Sox players probably needed a day to go buy new golf clubs. 
Meanwhile u r fighting over useless topics Yakub's Angels has been assigned he's finished doing 16 n 17th dancing on baby doll @user 
@user do you know where justin is gonna be tomorrow for the interviews? 
.@JMHSports1 NFL &amp; CFB - Thurs. 10/16/14.   TEAM BRANDES went 2-0 Tues with their CFB selections.  GET THURS PLAYS 
"When Obama sat down and began considering allowing gay marriage,he was not all in for it,it troubled him" 
Don't boast that you support LGBT rights than bemoan that Christians may have to obey public accommodation laws. 
Second Thoughts Careful now, or you might get a bad rap: Snoop Dogg is shown in a June 27 file photo. Sno... #Rap 
"To all of you watching Kina Grannis tomorrow, its still a GO. stay safe everyone! @user @user @user @user 
Field trip to the West End!RT @user Imelda Staunton May Star in London Revival of Gypsy 
Gucci bags heart arcanum may crown the bipartite thine unit drag also so as to all for animated: qZnvgUuKZ 
I just read Kim Kardashian May Have Gestational Diabetes via @user 
@user @user @user @user @user plz add L1520 in the 1st wave of windows10 phones release.plz dont hurt ur diehardfans 
@user @user We started the window with 2 problem areas. Needing a 1st XI standard DM and a pacey ST as a Plan B/Back up to Kane. 
TMZ reports that Seth Rollins caught a ride to a local restaurant in an unmarked cop car Saturday evening when he... 
@user ""I'm sorry...that guy I think has just gotten to me is all.."" She sat smiling towards naruto ""but please do not worry..""" 
"Ew gross an old man just sat down next to me and said, ""I'd give anything to get close to Cate Blanchett.""" 
As a liberal dude, I would have seriously considered voting for Jon Huntsman.  I may be wrong but he seems like a reasonable guy. 
Come on Murray dig deep...I'm going to be tired for work tomorrow if I have to stay up for a 5-setter @user 
"http://t.co/cbFYjd4r Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 23" 
"The SHOXX where Kiryu appears in the company of R-Shitei is out! It is the number of November, with cover, MUCC,... 
@user 14th Amendment is the one used by SCOTUS in the marriage equality ruling. @user 
News : Visafone and Research In Motion (RIM) on Wednesday seal a deal in Lagos that will see the first CDMA Blackberry roll out in Nigeria. 
Tom hanks and bill Murray may be the two people I would most like to meet. Well, them and Scarlett Johansen. Different reasons though... 
A.J. Klein grew up just a slant pattern away from Lambeau Field where he will play Sunday vs the Packers #Cyclones 
"Saudi Arabia forms 34-nation anti-terrorist coalition: On Tuesday through the state news agency SPA, Saudi Ara... 
Work done for the week, off the Spurs tomorrow 
@user I told you Shane would get his 5th-star on Rivals before Signing Day. @user 
@user @user Chelsea goes to school tomorrow, you ask to wear sweats..  I go to school and I get an insta post.. You do the math 
It's almost time for the new FT50 to reveal itself. We launch the new car tomorrow at Toyota Racing New Zealand.... 
The ambition of Nadal, the knees of Ena Sharples and the liver of George Best. My recipe for Saturday tennis. #5-7 5-7 
Few games gone with serve. Murray now leads 5-4 in 3rd set. Anderson will now serve to stay in the set #USOpen 
Spending all my money at the Gucci store in December 
fact: arruba has a really fat man in their march. he is called cherie blair. xox 
Vice President Joe Biden soaked up some sun in Florida, preparing to meet with fundraisers there as he stokes ... 
@user Hello Aaron, will you be with Israel tomorrow night? 
"Friday Night Lights are on the agenda, and pigskin of the pro kind, as well, as the Gazette's Jeff Linder... 
@user @user @user excatly: Jews had a 2nd-class status, the same as Christians. Were ""Dhimmi"" in muslim countries." 
Just got tickets to see Muse in Florida. That, combined with the Grammys two weeks prior, equals a really busy February for Ruby and myself. 
"Breaking Pointe, reality TV about ballet, featuring my client Ballet West, premieres on The CW Thursday 5/31 at 8pm: 
"1st good step against #Evil  ""Saudi Arabia announced the formation of a 34-state Islamic military coalition"" 
Review : black friday 2012 AmPro T19701 6 LED Flashlight with Magnetic Pick-up Tool:  Find, shop, See Reviews , ... 
@user Justin bieber is in Mexico city and monterrey performing.  I hope he doesn't ride any buses at night while there... 
"This day in rock history: November 1st, 1968 George Harrison released his first solo album Wonderwall Music on the Apple label" 
Teddy Bridgewater with his 2nd INT of the day. This one on Asiata though. Gotta make the catch. 
Learnt a valuable lesson on Saturday. When your in Oldham and you tell the the taxi driver to take you to town, he won’t think you mean Mcr! 
At least in the Streaming sense - me thinks ... I may then do PS4 recorded sessions ... Perhaps even edit them .... 
@user Chisora? Or will he not have it? Once this 3rd defence is done and he owns the belt outright will he move up in class then? 
Joe Biden obstacles in longshot run against Hill Clinton just remember why he was neva elected POTUS in the 1st place 
Wow. This informercial Sarah Palin did for Donald Trump's campaign is great. They should air it every night at 2am. 
The Great New York State Fair starts on August 27 and opens with concerts by Everclear, Eric Church and Rick... 
@user tomorrow is the last day. Trying to decide if i wanna go on this Nike run or go to that..... 
"When Ice Cube said Bye Felicia, on Friday it was an inside joke ." 
@user @user At the coming down of the sun.We will remember them.Do IRA appeasers,Blair,Corbyn, remember?  
@user @user @user @user Tom Brady went in the 3rd round too but don't see ppl complaining about having his jersey 
Houthis celebrate Mohammad birthday today same like other Sunni countries while in Iran &amp; Shia World it's tomorrow. 
"Hajj stampede 'beyond human control': Saudi Arabia's most senior cleric, the grand mufti, says Thursday's stam.. 
Im getting The Carter IV when it comes out august 29 
@user agreed. that’s like the NBA All-Star game taking place in October. 
The sale of the season hosted by Lucky Magazine with Grammy winner Jennifer Hudson, starts November 1st at 82Mercer 
Wine drunk on a Monday and watching Game of Thrones with my mother. What is tonight 
You can be sure that the bus driver will be made an example. It's always open season on Christians.  
Castle 5x06 sneak peek 3. (Season 5 Episode 6) HAHAHAHAHA is it Monday yet? 
Is anyone else going to see Sheryl Crow at Art Park on Tuesday? 
Tyga’s Careless World moving down five spots to No. 48 with 8,300. Headed into his 10th week, the YMCB rapper’s LP has sold 199,400 records. 
@user Schengen Area allows Belgian blk mkt weapons to leave on Tues &amp; be in Milan on Wednesday, or cocaine in Spain in Paris same day" 
So NTA covered live the return of the 1st Lady. 
"Kenny Lofton, who makes his debut on the Hall of Fame ballot today, is the 1st former #ArizonaWildcats to ever appear on a HofF ballot." 
Braille and Large Print Game Night is this coming Tuesday at MLK Jr. Library Room 215 from 6pm to 8pm. See you there! 
"Katy isd really sent out an email on Friday saying it was okay for kids and teachers to dress up for ""Star Wars day""" 
Thurs 12/17:  Wanna watch Big Hero Six with Thor &amp; Tanner today?  #ThortheElf2015 
"Football star Frank Gifford, 84, who teamed with Howard Cosell &amp; Don Meredith on ""Monday Night Football,"" died #obit" 
Follow the top David Bowie stories for Dec 19 on our topical page: 
@user Ying wants to know if you still desire her Competition readers? She can bring them in tomorrow if so. 
Played Dishonored (360), Darksiders 2 (360) and Mass Effect 3 (360) in the last 24 hours. 
#SteelerNation send our boys 2 the 2013 NFL Pro Bowl. via @user Ur vote actually counts, unlike the Nov 6th election. 
You may have find memories of rock concerts at Adelaide Oval. But how about a film screening?... 
Spoiler alert David HassleHoff wearing a David Price mask will bunt in the 9th #BlueJays hes hooked on a feeling #ComeTogether 
@user feels it too ""@jtbourne watching Red Sox is like watching the Leafs from Feb on except all condensed into half an inning lol""" 
TOMORROW 9/5:  Come get a FREE mustache tee @ Party on the Plaza in front of Gregory Gym from 10am-5pm!  We have a... 
@user @user Some of them may very well be. They could be from the Jewish tribes of Saudi Arabia who converted to Islam. 
Nuit Blanche is this weekend! Plan your night with the Personal Itinerary Planner: @user #snbTO 
"Cactus League previews may be done, but I also put together an abbreviated gallery. Check it out on @user 
If I go to ihop tomorrow I'm gonna feel like I'm cheating on Denny's and idk how I feel about that /: 
2 democratic mayors in Michigan are hosting Ramadan dinners for Muslims on... Wait for it... September 11th #O #K #A #Y 
"&gt;Top 10 Shounen list &gt;Doesn't put One Piece, Naruto, Bleach and DBZ because it's  ""overrated and mainstream"" &gt;Puts SAO in 2nd place" 
I had a dream Milan hired Mourinho and he got us our 8th champions league title. Em...em....i think it's time to change this pillow. 
WISCONSIN: Remember to Vote Tomorrow! Consider it Practice for Recalling Walker. Practice Makes Perfect. #WIunion #wirecall #p2 
Gucci bags myself restricted information august enact the span your personal inlet addition so side blazing: ... 
@user you never know with big brother that may have changed the rules expect the unexpected #BB17" 
I curious to know how many of you will be tweeting #ChurchFlow on Sunday after the NFL season starts 
Candids: Heading to the Chateau Marmont in West Hollywood (October 10th) 
Have you watched @user 's new fashion tv show 'Styled To Rock' 1st episode? No? Here's the link 
Brit Award winning pop-star Mika is set to return with his brand new album The Origin of Love, released on Island Records on September 16. 
JUST ANNOUNCED: Paul McCartney is coming to the @user on October 15 for his first ever central PA performance. 
l!! where is terrance he need  to cme back to the bluff should’ve stayed with him wednesday instead of going to turner house!! :)) 
Interview on Monday, a call back tomorrow, and Vans is really interested into me? I don’t know why you guys say it’s so hard to get a job 
"If the rumours I'm hearing are true, this next batch of NXT hires may actually be better than the ""NXT Kliq""(Owens,Balor,Itami,Zayn,Neville)" 
@user With rules and taxes Rose. Imagine, just imagine the moral outrage if we told Muslims now, you may practice your faith," 
Did you know that @user is airing Miss USA tomorrow? Here's why: 
"Kim Davis is against gay marriage, but not against getting pregnant by her 3rd husband while married to her 1st. Pity the husband #2." 
@user Friday Night Lights? It's a tv show. Set in Texas about American Football. Only watched it for Taylor Kitsch really. 
International Women's day over for another year - roll on March 8th 2013! 
Watch Latoya tonight on Dr Drew 8:00pm central time! What she thinks should happen to Conrad Murray!!!! 
@user The very same! Planning to tweet from the next Dons game on Saturday. 
You know you’re in SF when, on a thurs night at 6pm, there are people lined up around the block to see Reid Hoffman. 
@user actually he's watching Last  Monday Night RAW Big Show v Dean Ambrose right now 
"LOL Kole Calhoun bat flip down 6 to David Price in the 8th. Wear the next one*, punk. (* not really)" 
@user follow @user and meet her on NOVEMBER 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. She’ll be at the bell center at 4! 
@user  where should i meet you this saturday so that we watch chelsea vs everton 
@user For me?and a Nissan Titan?its got to be loaded. And I got to have a sun roof. And I want a black or white one. 
@user Brady in the pouring rain tonight or Russell Wilson in the friendly Ed Jones Dome Sunday? 
@user they may have but he is down to NC State and Baylor 
@user Bring the HEAT. Get TOP draw guests against Colbert 1st week. 1st guest on Colbert = Jeb Bush - really? awful 
@user @user I'm missing the #Hannibal finale for #ATX Pride Parade, but can't wait to watch it tomorrow morning!!!! #MurderHusbands 
Drone Drop-Offs at Your Door Won't Happen until the FAA Delivers: At a NASA convention in July, Amazon... #Amazon 
Floyd says he's #1 all-time &amp; Ali is 5th. Agree? Who is your top 5? Rousey says she can take Floyd in no rules fight. True?.....855-212-4227 
Youth Soccer continues this Saturday. Check with Chandra Farnsworth if you need schedules and times. 
we all know im not gonna make it to Thursday so ima stay home that day and watch Greys Anatomy 
Ruto becomes the 5th Kenyan to take the presidents seat. 
Amy Schumer Steps Out in Black at the 7th Annual Governors Awards 
This Sunday NFL playoffs come and watch your favorite NFL teams on 1 of our many HD flat screen TV's inside the... 
Big Brother is like cigarettes or whiskey. 1st time you want to puke. After you overcome your natural aversion you develop a craving. 
@user my car park ticket for Foo Fighters on Saturday hasn't been posted yet. What's going on? 
"DJ INDIE NEWS Katy Perry, Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift may have dissed Katy Perry in her track, ""Bad Blood,"" but it... 
"Bing one-ups knowledge graph, hires Encyclopaedia Britannica to supply results: It may have retired from the cut... 
I wish the Jason Aldean &amp; Cole Swindell concert was tomorrow 
Come check out the Montanari Bros East Coast Cup October 20th in New Haven CT! I will be there! I have some... 
"harry today im alone at home, and tomorrow night is zayn's birthday.i want to make sure that he will notice me." 
@user Phew, I’m still on edge after the Wenger out stuff! You going to SJP tomorrow? 
@user I think they need to line you up as an eligible receiver like Jacksonville did against you guys Sunday. Thoughts? 
I may have just splurged on this: ’Firefly: A Celebration (Anniversary Edition)’ by Joss Whedon... #dontjudgeme 
"Sometimes it may get bad, but remember, you're never that dude that would skip Paul McCartney for The Weeknd, and all is well again" 
Would it be appropriate to have cake for Prince George's 2nd Birthday? #realquestiontho @user 
"Ferry schedules changes with end of daylight saving time: Daylight Saving Time ends at 2 a.m., Sunday, ... #seattle" 
Would You Fly on Friday the 13th? - Yahoo! Voices - 
When @user wakes me up i think its Saturday aka move out day and she has to ask me to change from my ripped jeans and Kane shirt 
"Interesting, different ending to #SummerSlam - I guess it'll be Undertaker v Brock Lesnar #5 at #Wrestlemania 32 next April" 
It's comical when Dustin Johnson WDs from something &amp; his mgmt team gives a quote like he's on his death bed: 
Josh Hamilton scored #Rangers 4th run of the ballgame on a sac blunt in the 7th. #MLB 
Gadkari on attack mode, says ready for any probe: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday took on the Congress ... 
The Islamic calendar is 10 days shorter than the Roman calender and Eid ul adha was on the 3rd of October last year. 
@user @user @user  I think this is the motive of the Yakub's laywers for pursuing the case 
@user I texted you on Tuesday I was Trina see if you wanted to match 
"Photo: Day 302 (Sunday, October 28) Went to see the dress rehearsal for Aida at the Winspear Opera House.... 
i want to outline Batman tonight so i can stick it in the mail tomorrow but my hand is shaking too much. i spent ~7 hours painting today. 
No Andy Rooney on tonight's #60Minutes?! Can someone make sure that he's still alive? 
@user 18 Dec 2015, The Provisional IRA still exists and it's  political Stooges in SFIRA are still controlled by the Army Council....." 
via @user BPL issues to be decided Nov 1: Bangladesh Cricket Board will take a final decision on the ... 
Steve Bruce will overlook his returning internationals if they show signs of fatigue ahead of Hull City's clash with Arsenal on Saturday. 
"Salazar struck out the side in the 1st, and David Price answers back with the same in the 2nd. Tulo-Colabello-Martin due up for #bluejays." 
Briana may be pregnant but I'll never believe it's Louis' until he looks happy about it lmao 
Tune in this Wednesday at 12 pm PST as I talk to Dr. Milan about fatigue and how it impacts our lives. I'm very... 
Anybody interested in buying Jason Aldean hard copy tickets for the show this Saturday September 5th in Raleigh? 
"In Binghamton NY for the night, leaving at 8am, back in VA sometime tomorrow just to find out where im going monday" 
"July 4-6. Cubs vs. Reds with all game times scheduled for 1:20.  White Sox vs. Yankees, with all times TBD." 
Mysoginists, if you Rush into sex, in Limbaugh of true love, you may end up with a Fluke pregnancy, your footsteps in the Sandra, alone. 
Too distracted by the Friday Night Lights theme song to pay attention to the Frank Gifford tribute. 
Sunday Oliseh manning the Super Eagles. #AfcoQualifier #TanzaniavsNigeria 
@user lemme know the exact date because i wanna come with you , and we out to Rih concert in march cha ! ? 
Aaron Samuels in the house... Wearing pink and it ain't even Wednesday! #MeanGirls #DWTS 
"How Much Pi Do You Need?: You might have observed Pi Day on March 14. It gets its name from 3.14, the first thre... 
Cena gonna make seth Rollins his bitch this Sunday lets goo @user 
"Federal Reserve sticks with stimulus: The Federal Reserve made no major policy changes Wednesday, deciding to st... 
"SOPHOMORES!If you plan on coming to float building come to Sam Crain's house Sunday at 2!!  Contact any stuco member, Zayn, Emilie, or Bella" 
@user I will! I just won’t be at Star tomorrow night (Friday). But half our staff and DJ will be working at Bang too lol. 
Beginning to worry Murray may be stuck on two grand slams for the rest of his career. 
Rahul gandhi will have to take his birth certificate tomorrow to the magistrates court.... tough to prove not a minor @user 
David Cameron has just confirmed to the House of Commons that UKGov took unilateral military action in Syria on 21 August. 
Sarah Palin says she'll interview Donald Trump on cable's One America News Network Friday night - #breaking-news 
My very public response is that you thinking your version of Islam is the only right one is wrong. 
Someone go see Janet Jackson with me September 29th :( 
Sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: Charlie Sheen took it on the chin Saturday night at a Comedy Central TV roast... 
Zayn and Justin are both working in the studio. What if they're planning a secret collab? The world may never know! Stay tuned . . . 
"All I see over my Twitter feed is ""Paper Towns is out tomorrow"" i realised this 50 tweets ago, thank you." 
"Frank Gifford, a golden boy who helped usher the NFL into its golden age, died Sunday, exactly a week shy of his... 
@user @user sure as the 2nd tier for lack of a better word along with Iron Maiden 80-84 era, 80's Megadeth" 
@user may be I wanted to but thinking to die is not permissible in Islam so now I don't , as said life is just a test" 
Last Monday 11/2  Curtis appeared as he does mornings on Ch 5's GDECNY where he was gloating about the Met's loss... 
10k on the Feminism of Magic Mike XXL due on my desk tomorrow. 
"#Ruth 2:12 May Yahweh reward your work and may a full reward be given to you from Yahweh, the #God of Israel, under whose wings y... #Bible" 
@user -smoothed out. If it was up to Bentley, the sun-speckled skin would be perfect for a photoshoot. Still, Dodger is Dodger, - 
@user it was in 7th grade. she drew justin bieber and frank for me too. she even drew obama for the school to hang up. 
Murray HOLDS! Now Anderson serves again to stay in the 3rd set with @user 6-5 up but two sets down. 
YouTube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor: Google on Thursday announced th... 
EELS fans got a chance to pass the ball with the boys at Westfield Parramatta on Sunday. #news 
Biden: Presidential bid depends on what's best for family: Washington, Sep 4 (EFE).- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said the most rele... 
Anyone know what the weather on top of Mount Snowdon's going to be like on Saturday? @user 
"Ice Cube's character (played by his son) is wearing a 15,000 jerry curl wig in the movie which premiers this Fri.... 
I can't wait for 3 more seconds of Twilight Town or that same Hercules boss on the train.  
@user @user SCOTUS has interpreted equal rights under the 14th as such. 
Ibrahimovic will join Milan in January when PSG gets knocked out from the group stage of the CL.  A star like Ibra can't play Europa League. 
"August 4th 2012 Catch me LIVE at Pomona Fairplex for @user with @user @user @user @user and MORE!" 
"Arun Jaitley invites Rahul Gandhi to his daughter's wedding: New Delhi, Nov 19: As the wedding season is going... 
"I'm phone is going to died so goodnight i will be back tomorrow if i have time see you guys tomorrow goodnight to Harry,Niall,Liam, Louis" 
Cubs beat Giants 8-6 to take first 3 from San Fran! Kris Bryant hits 15th homer of the year! 
Someone run the Nike trail with me Saturday morning 
"Sharknado isn't sharknado without @user she just had a baby inside a roasted shark, c'mon people that's a dedicated mom #AprilLives" 
@user nope dang it! We decided Miss America in January because a couple of my teen sisters are  competing. Are you going?! 
Starting off our Monday we have one from Cucumber Castle..  Bee Gees with If I Only Had My Mind On Something Else 
On November 3 and 4th the Black is Back Coalition for Social Justice, Peace and Reparations is sponsoring a... 
Kris Bryant belted a two-run walk-off homer with two outs in the ninth Monday night to power the Cubs to a 9-8... 
Staver said the group believes the first marriage licenses issued to gay couples on Friday are void and not... 
"The Final Frontier is the fifteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 13 August... 
Anderson absolutely killed Murray in the 4th set tie break 7-0 to win the match. How embarrassing for Murray 
Real Madrid 3rd kits 2015/16 New New want one?? 
@user be at Mr. Mussers class at 8:30 tomorrow and I’ll give it to you 
@user but on the plus side...this: Jurassic World's Chris Pratt: equality means objectifying men too 
Running so late, planning on being batman tonight for random game Saturday 
Does anyone know where I can get Ed Sheeran tickets for the 20th of September? 
"August 9th, 10:10 pm &amp; still no sign of FranK Ocean.   I'll wait for you." 
A little Taking Back Sunday as the sun goes down. @ Pomona Fairplex 
If you would have told 7th grade Eleni that I would go see one direction in America without Zayn.. I'd probably think that you were lying 
@user @user @user @user actually Prince George is 2nd on the list of Georges so he's ""first in line""." 
I feel bad for Niall girls because Niall hooked up with a girl and gave her his number and 7th row tickets for their concert... stay strong 
@user : Prashant Kishore may be a Chanakya but not capable enough 2 make a leader like Rahul Gandhi the PM of this  great country. 
#News #Boston Yankees hit 3 HRs in 8-run 2nd inning beat Red Sox: The Yankees needed almost all of it to leave... 
Signing flat papers today and then skating with my new Derby chickas tommorrow #nervousmuch! 
Remember when cooper kylah and I did the talent show together in like 4th grade to Katy Perry 
went into saturday night planning to hook up with greg and ended up hooking up with shawn instead i don't know how that happened but okay 
According to State Farm, Missouri ranks 15th nationally among the states where motorist are most likely to hit a... 
This like being in 2nd place at the Superbowl.#MadeMyDay 
engadget Samsung's Galaxy S III mini packs bags for November 8th UK arrival:   Samsung just revealed that the ha... 
Review : black friday 2012 Gerber 31-000758 Gator Machete with Sheath:  Find, shop, See Reviews , buy black frid... 
@user you wanna replace Ice Cube with Ashton Kutcher in Friday? Let me hear you.... 
@user You're confusing ""BC"" with  ""Vancouver."" Didn't play soccer in December in Prince George @user @user 
"So basically tomorrow Nicki gonna beat Miley's ass, Bieber gonna get a hair cut, and Kanye's campaign posters are going up everywhere #VMAs" 
Back and forth at Baylor Ballpark. Dan Evatt 2 RBI single gives #Baylor a 6-5 lead over Texas A&M in the bottom of the 6th. 
(SCHEDULE) EXO-M will be going to Nanjing tomorrow; but there is no specific time. 
"Tuesday's Wu'sDay. Ghostface Killah- Iron Maiden. If there's nothing for you in this, I want to fight you. 
And while no one may keep track of my accounts.  David Bowie is an extremely relevant figure in the stories I have been told. 
the lighting is tragic but here are some pics of shawn with fans at the Energy 103.7 event in San Diego on Saturday 
remember when i sat and ate pizza and just like listened to sam smith live in the distance #casual 
"https://t.co/ozTi5f5eFe Elizabeth Olsen never dated Tom Hiddleston, it's actually Chris Evans #ChrisEvans" 
"And as we all know, the Mets used the second of those picks to draft a baby-faced high school 3rd baseman from Virginia named David Wright." 
Maude Barlow to speak in Toronto on May 15!  Anyone from @user Toronto going?  
"Just back from fab visit to Floriade in Venlo. Chelsea Flower Show meets Eden Project! On til 7 Oct, otherwise you'll have to wait 10 years!" 
Apple Watch may be a game changer when it comes to fitness activities, but not everyone has jumped on that... 
Is announcing an award the same as presenting it? B/C K is announc it 11/1 but what about the actual Golden Globes show in january? 
Police say there will be a highly visible presence in Rotherham to make sure tomorrow night's derby with Leeds United passes without trouble 
Do you want tickets to Ed Sheeran in #Houston on Sept 3? Enter our Facebook contest here: @user  
"Poor #USA  Rodgers fucked it up. Not Gay's fault. Gatlin was rapid.  Congrats #jamaica #china #canada for 1st,2nd,3rd  4x100 #relay #IAAF" 
Tatler sent a photographer to David Cameron's wedding and have just uploaded the pics to the internet for some reason 
Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto on September 12. Will he make it 49-0 or it will be 48-1? #SSBoxing 
@user tomorrow I think it'll be Madonna's "Like a Prayer"...  Can you help me with this please? Everyone must stand alone. Sorry. 
World Bank’s most business-friendly countries;Malaysia is the 12th most competitive economy on the world for doing business. 
@user @user  A majority speaks for the whole court. 4 SCOTUS judges really want to gut 2nd amendment. Should they decide. 
@user Already voted early last Friday for you in Cypress, NW of Houston. I definitely don’t want Cruz to win. We need a Dem in Senate! 
Just in: batman has decided to check his privilege and hand over the cowl to a non-rich orphan.  Many lives may be lost, but fair is fair. 
Here are the five Capital One Cup matches tonight and some potential upsets on the cards - Swindon to beat Aston Villa? 
Trent Richardson has the Browns out to a 7-0 lead over the Chargers on Sunday.  
RT @user keen for the eagles game today. #goeagles 
Nike has been talking about going "sweatshop free" since the 90's and it still hasn't happened. C'mon now. 
Kardashian memes take over Twitter as Kanye West announces presidency run: While it's not clear yet just how s... 
J Cole &amp; Kendrick Lamar just go in on each others instrumentals in Black Friday 
Fitted Hawaii MUA New Era x Tahiti Logo - See the full gallery on Posterous Releasing tomorrow at the Fitted... 
Last day to grab offers -Buy Moto G 3rd Gen Online from Flipkart at Best Price (+8 Launch Offers) - #ReadForGreed 
#WalkingDead fans . I will reveal a major spoiler for next week's The Walking Dead tomorrow at 12est at Pass it on! 
Atletico Madrid want to buy Chelsea?s Petr Cech in January [Sunday Star] 
Muslims Facing Tomorrow support Canada's listing of the Iranian &amp; Syrian regimes as state sponsors of terror. 
@user @user Our annual clothing drive for The Open Closet is during the 1st week of March for International Women's Day! 
Kane returns Monday on #Raw will we see the mask or not #WWE 
"Watch the new trailer for David Bowie's ""Blackstar"", which premieres next Thursday 
"Brooke Hogan asks fans to forgive her father: London, July 25 : Hulk Hogan's daughter insists he isn't racist ... 
@user @user Guys who do u think will be the entrance revealed monday? I think monday Wil be randy Orton 
Watch the free sneak peek of the latest season of Family Guy on iTunes today 
@user At 1st i thought u meant the metaphorical death of Hulk Hogan. But no way they just talked to Rowdy like 2 days ago bout him! 
THE INSIDER: South Africa can steal a march with robot olympics pitch 
Munchkin Steam Guard Electric Sterilizer $16.64 @ Amazon Prime only  May not be the best Steri 
Milone next up in 'Septober' march for Twins: Shortly before kicking off their series against the White Sox on... 
Nokia Move in China May Help Push Alcatel-Lucent Acquisition: Now, in an effort to curry the favor of Chinese ... 
"For Hulk Hogan's restaurant, Hogan Beach, it's business as usual - Sioux...: ...Hogan Beach. On July 10, Colto... 
"Auburn just wrapped up Saturday practice, interviews beginning shortly." 
"Maude Barlow is coming to North Carolina Oct 18. Hear her talk about Future of Water in NC!  STARworks Center, Star NC. 
"me and nina pull up to dunkin and she does ""hey may I have a Oreo Mcflurry"".... oh nina" 
"Just finished watching """"The Vow"""" for the 5th time." 
OMG ! ’Orphan’ is going to be watched in Tv5 tomorrow after ’The Amazayn Race Philippines’.. GET READY MONDAY, IMMA COMING ^___^ 
Super Eagles Manager Sunday Oliseh has invited 18 foreign-based Players for the 2017 AFCON Qualifiers against Tanzania 
Inbetweeners and ben and jerry's tonight I think ! 
Kesha is a survivor. She's been through so much. This court case may be the one thing holding her from freedom. 
"https://t.co/SIrcg4CEGk  Heathrow 3rd runway life &amp; death to residents, to George Osborne, just a big fat joke. @user 
Team Josh E Junoon Celebrated EID's 3rd day at an old home in Rawalpindi 
@user @user yeah true. I say he drops in Feb. but idk... That's when j cole and Kendrick I think might drop their project... 
Tomorrow!!! I'm not moving again for a long time!! Also I feel like Elaine from Seinfeld with all these damn exclamation points!!! 
"Murray two sets to love down. Think the broadcaster may want to turn the volume down, quiet a few F's coming from Murray! #USOpen2015" 
tonight!!! (wed)--Mike ’Slo-Mo’ Brenner solo opening for Jim White at Tin Angel. 8pm. c’mon out!!... 
An i will bring my ass to NEW YORK IF I HAVE TO..  We going to sat that bitch off... Jay-z yall lost your fucking... 
How could anything go wrong?   The fact Muslims want to kill Christians and Jews is hardly the point?  
Can someone bless with Mr wattecamps hw tomorrow 
"NEWS: Floyd Mayweather Buys the Most Expensive Car in the World: Good news, everybody: Floyd ""Money"" May... #GCPR" 
"Christians, Muslims, and Hebrews alike unite, and may the teachings of God solidify the cause of a worldwide government body and its courts." 
"Bargain said that ""Iran was the 1st 2help us"". Is that means each take a piece or credit goes2 1country or another? @user @user 
"Other boxers may have a good jab, a good left hook, they may go the body well, but I do Everything Great  - Floyd Mayweather" 
Here is a column I compare Red Sox situation to Sharknado in the 11th paragraph. That is all ... via @user 
It’s Nov 2nd, at mumbai int’l airport with @user . Leaving india in 2 hours. Mixed bag of feelings. #timeflies #bittersweet 
Uploading a new video tomorrow! Nandito Ako (Jonya) FANVID, The first cut is the deepest (Cover) & Elevator - David Archuleta (Short Cover). 
#BlueJays fans may become all too familiar with this Red Sox prospect one day. 
@user Wouldn’t it be better to do it April half term cuz Eurosong means nothing to UK ppl 
NIA reportedly found material suggesting that an abandoned madrasa may have been used as a hub  to make bombs exported to Bangladesh. 
I have an extra ticket for kenny chesney and Jason aldean Saturday at Metlife if you want to go let me know! 
If Chelsea pull off a Pogba deal tomorrow I am going to run on the pitch if I go to Juve game with a Milan top on singing Milan anthem. 
Man I just watched Kevin Gates kick that female for the first time...He punted her face like Randy Orton. He may do some time for that! 
Time for the #media to begin asking Jeb Bush some tough questions. #law #GOP #media #journalism @user  
I want to have a dance party sat. Come to Atl after the game. Lets do it!  @user @user @user @user @user 
"Did you hear about Zayn leaving One Direction ""That's so March 25th dad""" 
"Who's name shall I get on the 3rd kit? Chicha, Isco or Illarra? Help please!" 
I believe we may have a major security scandal with prominent people involved in the unclassified Hillary server. Is there a cover up ? 
Preparing a Saturday roast, meanwhile Rick Stein criticises modern film on the telly. The world has gone slightly backwards. 
Promo Pics from La O Na Makuahine - S301 #H50 Airs Monday Sept 24th - See the full gallery on Posterous... 
@user Millsap, Al... Favors is getting there and Kanter will.  Is Jeremy Evans your 5th? Idk about that. If Evans is legit, I think 
Dana white forcing Ronda back in the ring after she got put to sleep. He says it will be a rematch July 9th 
@user @user @user we need to reach the speed of light, we may need Hannibal's help 
"Getting To Know Super-Earths: Pasadena CA (SPX) Oct 16, 2014 """"If you have a coin and flip ... 
"Gerrard: ""Every single time they got the ball to their keeper it came in long"". Sunday’s long ball stats - Tim Howard (15), Brad Jones (20)." 
*pats dirt down on top of grave* there. may the Kpop fans rest in peace. #DirectionersFuneral 
Do you like data? Are you in Bangalore? India? Well come and chat with me and @user at Matteo on Church st tomorrow at 6pm. #datameet 
Tune into @user for live coverage of tonight’s NNS race. @user starts 5th in the 200-lap event. #NASCAR 
Not sure Archie is to interested in this drab England performance. Kane on 2nd half. Maybe he can play with Rooney 
Another dramatic day at the #USOpen. Federer &amp; Murray march on but Bouchard suffers freak fall 
sep. 5th 2015 || louis with Niall last night on stage #OTRAMontreal (1-3) 
"This Sunday join us for """"Living in the Valley."""" 
Calling all reality TV fans: We’re inviting LI reality TV stars to join a Google+ Hangout on Sunday and you can too. 
@user I know its not October 3rd but I'm going to Disney world so if you wanna come on down come on down! 
"Interesting that search for ""goddell on brings up ""Tom Brady needs to drop it and move on"" as 1st result." 
A row escalated between Manchester United and Real Madrid on Tuesday over the collapsed transfer of David de Gea. 
Aug 30! Toads Place, New Haven CT. Myself, M.A.R., Jitta on the Track, Danimal Lector and more! 
Something shows just how underrated George Harrison was in that band! I'm guessing here comes the sun will make the top 10 #NatFaveBeatles 
KKL-JNF International Expo Mission to Milan: The Expo 2015 exhibition opened in Milan on May 1st and it will c... 
@user @user Sarah Palin and @user Address the Nation from Saturday Night Live #ClimateChange 
I didn't watch Sharknado 3 because I never saw the 2nd movie and thought I'd be lost. 
Angelito casts and PBBUnlimited BIG4 with Kevin, Divine, Deniesse and Ryan are guests tomorrow night sa kick off. - adm. @user 
#wordtomymuva I’m going to that Lakers Vs Heat Game Feb 10th in Miami #IAmNotPetty 
Remember exit polls where Democrats who vote may not vote democrat- this happened Reagan vs Carter. Reagan got 25% of the Democratic vote! 
@user HayyyuY Can you bring my Nirvana shirt tomorrow? <3 
The Weeknd is the closest thing we may get to Michael Jackson for a long time...especially since he damn near mimics everything 
@user what do you think about Simmons' theory that Stevens may leave the team if they stink badly enough again? 
"gonna mull over getting a PS4 when stores are open again Tuesday. Will have to think of the weeb games coming, among other things." 
Come work a booth with me and others for Bernie Sanders at the Elkton fair on September 9. 
Anyone want a Jason Aldean ticket for tomorrow? $60 
@user but it's ok for sustained alarmist, biased and untrue general coverage from the Sun, Mail, Express, Sky and BBC? 
"Studs on Sunday - John Henson, Adam Morrison - the Bucks top to bottom-Talor Battle (LAC)  - also the All-Stars/MVPs" 
@user wtf i so want to see shawn but i get to see in october too #concerts 
jack and jack better perform some of the songs from calibraska tomorrow 
Wanna see Basse try out some Dark Souls ?  See the vid below:  Dark Souls II The Last Giant. 1st. BOSS via @user 
@user One Direction is going to be here on November 9.. Los Angeles won Bring 1D to US and Ellen giving tickets but you have to apply 
Bobby Jindal: 'I'm the only candidate that has actually reduced the size of government' 
Flash cross the ball towards goal but cleared by Red Stars. RS break down field and cross to Mautz but her look goes wide. 18th min. 
"The President of Chad, Idriss Deby, said on Tuesday that the Boko Haram sect was no longer led by Abubakar... 
Review : black friday 2012 Como Stylish White Cat Shaped Watch with Key Chain Clip:  Find, shop, See Reviews , b... 
Alright. G’Night! Tomorrow I will be in California. The next day I will see BIGBANG with my own eyes. No pressure on the sleeping now. :P 
Going to the Fair for a Little bit with the familia ;* But somebody seriously needs to come to the fair w. Me tomorrow .. 
Next Friday SolTek residents Daffadam and Medlam take to the stage at Plan B - London for C Panel’s 1st Birthday.... 
Rangers' Hamilton hoping to play more: Josh Hamilton was in the lineup for the fifth straight game on Tuesday.... 
"Today is National Hot Dog Day. Thursday is already on that fufu lame shit, I ain't wit it." 
Knicks Vs. Hawks: Atlanta, New York Battle For Playoff Positioning ...: The Knicks and the Hawks battle Sunday a... 
He tries to stem the march of time by covering the plug hole with his podgy mitt but #TrojanHero knows twilight must fall on bathtime. 
RT @user michael jackson - hollywood tonight 
Monday Morning Mobile: The 24/7 Consumer: When Steve Jobs made a surprise appearance to unveil the ipad2 earlier... 
@user @user CAITLYN Jenner may have saved/helped mils of trans people around the globe.why can't you just be happy for her? 
I rly hope madonna wont release rebel heart as the first single  i mean i rly like it but its not 1st single material 
I'll tell you guys about Paper Towns tomorrow alright 
@user ddo you think ill have SATS tomorrow 
9am sun: I hope my neighbors just heard me ask my phone to google "Sarah Palin's makeup routine" and then sneeze like a lumberjack 3x 
Avril Lavigne says after debuting spring line for Abbey Dawn she may make own wedding dress: Pop star Avril Lavi... 
View from the Valley: Seymour schools to open Friday 
Alex Poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with Kentucky during an exhibition game on Thursday. He played 28 minutes. 
Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr. Are about to be on Jimmy Kimmel live on ABC and since Disney owns ABC they may have the Civil war preview. 
RICHARD BLAND PPL why are you guys going back tomorrow if we don't have classes monday 
Stoops got the record 10th win against saxet! 
Onto the 9th season of Greys Anatomy. 
Here come the new elections in Turkey where Erdogan may win BIG this time 
Next time Google redesigns its logo, it should so hire our readers to do it. SO much better! 
"Well, sm years ago in Milan stadium, showers of yellow lights for healing the grasp. May be just a coincidence but Milan losed. Hi." 
A lot of work goes into to showing a Movie Under the Stars! Come out tomorrow night at watch Joyful Noise on our... 
Photo: October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at L'Arc. 
"ALERT: Thursday's Throwback, Sharknado will start immediately after the UNC vs. USC Football Game Watch Party in the Theatre! ETA: 10PM" 
I will make Julian Stark flex for every person  that sign’s Matt’s card tomorrow. He’s been working out to #FightForMatt 
"oh it's a monday night, guess i'll go listen to a U.S. senator #senat  @ Yale University - Davenport College 
Federer will be 2nd seed at @user if he wins this. Djokovic aiming to become 1st player to win all 9 Masters 1000 tournaments #CincyTennis 
Jordan Spieth and Jason Day birdie their 6th hole and are one back! Paul Dunne birdies the 5th to get back to twelve under. 
Gunners want Real Madrid midfielder? Tuesday's Arsenal gossip round-up 
Writing's on the Wall by Sam smith will be the Spectre James bond theme coming out September 25th. 
"My presentation for the DG Agri event for #EUYoungFarmers in Milan, Monday. On new technolgies + chain organisation 
"ENough muslim countries lobbying in the us for today, i'm watching 'twilight saga: eclipse ' to better understand girls)))" 
Netflix just asked me if I'm still watching for the 3rd time.. so that's how my life is going. 
Jenn’s post below inspired me to find a few more pics of Alex at the Independent Spirit Awards this past February.... 
Moto G 3rd gen vs. Xiaomi Mi 4i: Your pick? Moto G 3rd gen. 68% of voters agree with me. 
"David Wright with sharp single to left and Mets have two on for Cuddyer, vs. Alexi Ogando with one out in 7th." 
"Miss last Friday's Soundboard, our radio partnership with @user and @user 
And Google+ is probably going away....but @user sure isn't. Look how you've stood the test of time!!! 
The last few snakes in Ireland were found at Blarney GAA hall during the St. Patrick's Day Parade. pic courtesy... 
I don't get the speakers at 6th form, can I only play artists like Beyonce? If I don't will it be frown upon or will my phone be yanked out? 
#ChessBaron News; Jonathan Rowson reviews The Art of Chess - On Sunday the participants of the London Grand Prix can... 
Michigan basketball team to appear on ESPN's 'College GameDay' on Feb. 2 at Indiana: Trey Burke and the Michigan... 
Most likely just stay up and take someone to ihop tomorrow cuz that's the mood I'm in RN 
Ahead of last weeks budget George Osborne indicated that he intends to relax Sunday Trading laws...  
"Monday’s rain (0.38"""") @ BDR brought the monthly total to 1.86"""" which is just above normal (1.80"""") through yesterday." 
@user Chanot, you may want to travel this Christmas. Phuket or Bali! :) 
Only 2 spots left for Standard First Aid with CPR C! November 5 & 6, 4pm-10pm in Centretown. Contact Centretown... 
Kurt Cobain: how low? Me: @user  I may or may not be a little in love with ATL, don't judge me. 
James is going seeing the Foo Fighters tomorrow and I am very jealous 
Timmonsville residents live with guns behind locked doors -- 
Did you get a full, part-time job or internship offer? Let us know! Signing Day tomorrow in LBJSC Amphitheater-tell where you will work! 
Spending quality time with katherine louise and mileys smiley! Katie leaves indiana tomorrow. #sadtweet #gonnamissher #sad #gonnacry 
@user imma check it out then wait till the Carter IV drop on the 29th before I make a decision like that one lol 
Derrick Williams now is your chance to show why you were taken 2nd overall 
follow @user to find out how to win tickets for Fantazia 360, as it comes to the Liacouras Center November 3rd at 7:30! 
Hawkie here reminds us of Joe Biden, the randy old coot who may run for President! #Democrats a disgrace. #auspol 
Why does everyone ignore Zayn's interview with the Sun? He said all he did was for the fans #5monthswithoutzayn 
"Matt Cain legit just hung 5 straight pitches over the plate. Kris Bryant fouled 4 of them, 5th one - a long dinger. Can't make that mistake!" 
If this is the end for @user I once again have to commend @user for his emotional Gary Carter memorial show in February 
"Following Monday's On Sale, Paul McCartney Tickets Averaging Over $400 On Secondary Market: Monday was just an... 
Anyone want to see Demi Lovato tomorrow night at Mohegan Sun with me? 
@user @user @user it may have not been the best idea to name our Mascot the Beaver...still better than Ducks 
John cena got screwed thanks to the interference I think the WWE should they should have a rematch Monday night raw 
"Stoops said he was in contact with the league about J.D. Harmon hit, leading to suspension Saturday." 
"A New Work, Threshold, will be read by the African American Repertory Theatre of Virginia this friday at the... 
thanks to the radio at work I'm all depressed now with it playing JASON ALDEAN then house of the rising sun. Fighting with your BFF sucks 
From a Call to Prayer for America Saturday at the Washington Reflecting pool with the Washington Monument in the... 
ARRIVAL of ship: MATAF PRIDE Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 5:44AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel appr... 
"Lets fly like a bird! This friday a new Birdhouse edition at the Jimmy Woo with Flava, Clay, Youri Alexander, Don Perigion and more!" 
@user make sure you have the songs 64, 50, Rella, Oldie & Tron Cat for tomorrow baby ;) 
Red Sox likely going with 6-man rotation: Red Sox interim manager Torey Lovullo reaffirmed on Saturday that th... 
"RT @user After losing 2 last week, today the GOP is trying to win 2 Senate seats in Wisconsin by recalling 2 Democrats. It l ..." 
My Jesuit university sent out an email saying the Pope will be giving mass at Madison Square Garden on September 26th. Starts at 6:30 
@user @user let's not forget that the original point of this discussion was bc Shawn believed the 2nd amendment to be.... 
Nigeria beach soccer team have booked a place in the last four of a Dubai invitational tournament after they beat Japan 6-5 on Thursday. 
@user LOL remember the 1st time we ever met with nabeel when we reached that jam 
So I am also gonna do another video for Halloween and I'm going to recreate Wednesday Adams. 
"Its this week! Catch Kina Grannis LIVE IN MANILA on Wednesday, August 8! Have you got your tickets yet? :) 
@user @user  Oh c'mon, he said Wonderful Frank Gifford. Like the guy is wonderful?????? Duh!!!" 
Had a dream that Angela Merkel was trying to get me to snort coke with her at a music festival. Happy Wednesday everybody 
"Mashed out to """"Niggas In Paris"""" in the club while in Paris... as cliche as it may sound. #WeOutHere" 
Polar Dust is hitting Black Dahlia in Boksburg on the 10th of November. Click here for event details: 
I think I'm going to watch terra nova or something faggy like that and then pass out since I'm supposed to wake up tomorrow 
Gay rights advocates say conservatives need to walk the talk, not just march in Pride parade 
Nintendo NES System Console with Super Mario &amp; Duck Hunt.:  $85.00End Date: Thursday Oct-1-2015 1... #RETROGAMING 
More than 10,000 refugees are expected to make their way to Germany by Saturday. Angela Merkel setting an example #migrantcrisis 
Might be going to the LSU game on Saturday! 
On the bright side at least we're playing against David Price tomorrow 
@user Yo! See u in Helsinki (again :P) December 14th yeeey~ last time u were here with Dio ^^' 
Rafa will play his third round match at the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells on Tuesday against Marcel Granollers. 
@user mama come hang out with me on Jan 8 at the nasa for David Bowie purttyyyy pleaseeeeee 
The Sharknado is ready for the playoffs. Are you? We're hosting Game 2 on Thursday - $1 beers and $2 Moe's tacos! #FinsUp 
"The Undertaker looks to avenge The Streak when he faces Brock Lesnar at SummerSlam, THIS SUNDAY at 7e/4p, Live on... 
#RAW A friendly reminder to Seth Rollins from Sheamus. If Seth Rollins wins both of his matches he could have a 3rd match against Sheamus 
"#FavouriteMovieQuotes  """"After all, tomorrow is another day!"""" Bill Murray, Groundhog Day" 
TEAM NEWS: Moussa Dembele, Emmanuel Adebayor and Gareth Bale will all miss the game tomorrow against Maribor. #THFC 
Star Sightings August 2015: GRAMMY winner Sam Smith got a kick out of posing with his wax figure at Madame Tussauds on August 10 in S... 
Travis Shaw homers to right and scores Bogaerts as sox go up 2-0 on the White Sox in the 8th 
"On Reelz, this would be the 6th episode all new they do however replay episodes occasionally.  @user @user 
Kevin Rudd rents out Canberra mansion and lives it up at Hyatt - Herald Sun: Kevin Rudd rents out Canberra mansi... 
@user @user should do everything in his power to keep Messi from walking onto Jerry's cabbage patch field in the 2nd half. 
"Abbamania or Night Fever: An Evening of the Bee Gees (7:30 p.m., December 17 and 18) 
"In good, non-Kris Bryant Is Dead news, Josh Hamilton just put the Rangers up 2-0 over the Giants in the 6th" 
"Tonight's WWE RAW takes place from the HP Pavilion in San Jose, California. Confirmed for tonight's SummerSlam... 
It’s official, I’m going to the Justin Bieber concert tomorrow!! 
Federer takes the opener 7-6(1) against Djokovic. Better player in the set &amp; winning plenty behind the 2nd serve. 
A Red Carpet for Radicals at the White House  by Steve Emerson and John Rossomando IPT News October 21, 2012 A... 
The lines I just witnessed around nanuet and Nj to #gas got me #smh then I checked online,it said I’m not getting power Back till the 11th 
Cricket Australia have downplayed Ricky Ponting’s hamstring injury, saying he should be ready to play in the first Test on Nov 9. #cricket 
Brits don't want these economic migrants. For every single one convicted of a crime David Cameron and Theresa May must serve the sentence. 
"Microsoft issues critical patch for Windows 7, Vista users: Microsoft issues light Patch Tuesday, with just one... 
its 2 in the morning and im up watching white house down for like the 4th time 
Milan just got its 1st same sex second-parent adoption #adoption #family #Italy 
Ward 2 May Have Two Members on the DC State Board of Education 
DTN Kazakhstan: : Capello Ill Tweak Lineup for Azerbaijan GameCoach Fabio Capello said Monday he will tweak the ... 
Hmm, I also stopped thinking about tomorrow. Don't tell Fleetwood Mac. 
@user Today is not the death day of APJ Abdul Kalam's. He passed away on 27th. today is his janaja. its only Yakub's death day today. 
The arrow and the flash dropping crossover episodes with similar names is way more dope than j Cole and Kendrick Lamar dropping Black Friday 
It may be the right wing Indo SF TDs silent over Adams's links to IRA tax dodger  
"Bauer bears down, shakes off wildness - In a critical moment during a 3-2 win Monday over the White Sox, Indians s... 
On Thursday over fifty countries and international organisations will come together for the London Conference on... 
"DIOP Sisters Project Reach Out in the SUB on Thursday, November 1st at 7:00 p.m. Come volunteer to be a MENTOR and help the Girl Scouts." 
Rams call timeout with 1:04 left in the 1st. Marshall pushes lead to 41-26 
Liam said at MetLife that they were going on a one year break after their 5th album comes out.:/ 
I'm gonna watch Nicki's opening tonight then watch the rest tomorrow 
@user The only reason #WVU doesn’t lead this stat is because WVU skips giving up 1st downs and just lets them score... 
"Oh look, it's rehearsal for live action Naruto. 
Has Chris Evans just let-slip who will join him on Top Gear?: Chris Evans may have let slip who will be joinin... 
@user @user either way its probably true rmbr when the sun said zayn was leaving and we laughed and then zayn left 
Jesse Jackson, in #gso, says he’s headed to Sanford fla, where Trayvon Martin was killed, Saturday night. 
Hahaha can imagine Dana White may want to kill himself after that Rousey fight 
@user MARK LANGTHORNE @user  My Book about Michael Jackson is out Sept 10th. The truth 4 MJ #michaeljackson #83minutes 
Ed Sheeran floor seats. 3 tickets available.  Sept 3rd.  Let me know if you're interested. 
To all Nintendo fans out there; I may sound crazy when I say this but Kirby and the rainbow curse and/or Kirby canvas curse should be on iOS 
Why Verizon's 4G Limits May be the Droid Bionic's Achilles Heel - Gotta Be Mobile #verizon #phone 
Miss America is coming to Buffalo on October 30th at the Theodore Roosevelt Museum and Historical Site from... 
President Muhammadu Buhari has given a definite date for the end of the Boko Haram insurgency: latest by December... 
Jay Paterno, former Penn State assistant football coach and son of Joe Paterno, said Sunday night that he was at an event when a... 
@user Could I suggest something: People, like Atheists, may be trying to discredit Christianity by maligning the Pope? 
"Caitlyn Jenner fears she may have to serve in MEN'S prison, revealing she ... - 
I was made for loving you Even though we may be hopeless hearts just passing through Tori Kelly Ft. Ed Sheeran #Nowplaying 
Kanye West may just have gotten into a bad batch of flakka. Good night. Prayers up! 
One thing we can be pretty sure of is the talks in Stormont tomorrow will do a deal to please the IRA. #NIpeaceprocess 
"Today: #KimDavis, gay marriage, gender trends, persecution, rise up and stand Tomorrow you'll care more about football #AmericanChristianity" 
"Found Here Comes The Sun by George Harrison with Shazam, have a listen:  
Not often when you see Dustin Johnson going low on a Sunday 
Except u're Charlie Sheen... RT @user Is it true that you tell people 'Top of the morning' only when you had sex the previous night? 
SmBiz Feed--> 5 recently added entries in the Encyclopedia of Life:  The Encyclopaedia Britannica may have cease... 
@user uhmmm are you sure ? Cuz Groundhog Day isn’t til like February or march lol 
A three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) on Saturday night. 
"#tbt to the first time @user and I visited Ole Miss, fall 2011 - see you tomorrow, Oxford! 
Is Tamar trying to pull a "Mariah Carey" with releasing her album on September 11th? But, I know she's trying to honor the tragic day but... 
@user Milan will buy in January. Y'all need a midfielder with outstanding vision though, else Bacca and Adriano will struggle." 
#CEOSleepout I’ve made my cardboard shelter in the Member’s section of Adelaide Oval. 1st time I’ve ever been here! 
@user  @user I haven’t screamed that loud at the tv since Sun when the Pats kicked it across the pond. 
I am going to @user 1st and then to the London Conference of Critical thought 
For those in Ohio who care, Buckeyes would be 6th in the BCS right now ... behind 1-loss LSU 
I just cried at the Amazon Prime advert with the boy in the Superman outfit. Wild Friday night 
Get your ticket for a Detroit Red Wings Bus Trip on March 22nd against the Dallas Stars. 
"i did not think about david bowie very much today. tomorrow will be different, i promise" 
@user we have yoga @ Mitchell park but it's every Friday and I work every Friday :( I miss u mucho btw 
UFO...? over East Village NYC 10-22-2012  from the corner of E 5th St & Ave A I saw a bright orange glowing li... 
@user Islam is the 2nd largest religion and every person interprets differently. But ofc there are main points that no one can dispute 
"Films on TV tonight: Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Ladykillers, The Mask, Run Fatboy Run, American Pie 2 and Tsotsi 
Mizzou Links, 9-5-12: Holy smokes, it’s Wednesday already? I haven’t even posted Bill Carter’s SELA photo... #NCAAF 
@user @user Well, you definitely should give them a 2nd chance. They have A TON of people on who speak up for Christians and life." 
@user @user @user Would you be upset if Arsenal finish 2nd? 
Dustin Johnson would have several majors under his belt if only the Thursday / Friday rounds counted 
Do you have to watch Game of Thrones from the first season or can you start watching the 5th first? 
"Day 19 Sat in HVAR with 30degree sunshine and countless beaches, but would rather be at home watchin Super Sunday, find me a bar #unmissable" 
As reported Jason Varitek is close to taking job with #redsox, may be special assistant to GM Ben Cherington. #redsoxnation 
Now that you have looked at my avi, come to breast cancer awareness event hosted by DreamTeam.  Thursday at 7 in B117 Wells. 
A senior official told Nick Clegg that the previous gvrment *cough* Tony Blair okay'ed mass survelliance of Brits. 
"Since first three Red Sox hitters reached to open the game, Morgan has retired 12 of last 13 batters he's faced. #Phillies lead 2-1 in 5th." 
"Christians, tomorrow morning as a gathering of believers, you have a divine appointment with God. How many of you... 
Dana White confirms Cain vs Werdum II on the 6th of February 2016 Las Vegas @user @user @user 
"Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th and its called """"For You"""". Then she's signed with Interscope Record (finally!)" 
@user SCOTUS interprets laws, and since by their interpretation it is protected by the 14th amendment it is technically a const violation 
"// -- cinema this Saturday. I would love to see Ant-Man, but he's not into Marvel like I am, so I believe I'm gonna have to give it a miss." 
Watch #Tunisia Live's live stream of the #August13 march on National Women's Day in downtown #Tunis: #WomenRights 
"Didn't Major meet the IRA, Quentin? I may be wrong possibly....." 
Scene in Straight Outta Compton of Ice Cube writing the script for Friday hilariously exemplifies how scattered the film's second half is. 
Jack-Groves is likely being rescheduled for September 12th on Floyd Mayweather's undercard at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. @user 
Ice Cube playing.. I just want another Friday. That's it. 
Did I miss the Charlie Sheen roast on Comedy Central or is it Sept 19th? 
@user marami sis. Moon that Embraces the Sun, Love Rain, Scent of A Woman, Fashion King, King 2 Hearts, Queen In Hyun's Man =D" 
Ricky Ponting was pulled out of a Sheffield Shield game on Friday with a hamstring injury. 
"Prompted by the ace Jack White film the other night, I am (voluntarily) listening to (old) U2 for the 1st time in years. *loses all friends*" 
@user Hey, you never know with these 2nd, 3rd round guys. Look at Russell Wilson and Kap." 
"Colts owner Jim Irsay will give $64,753 to victims fund in state fair tragedy = the total number of tickets distributed at tonight's game." 
@user @user @user Trump cant beat Hillary that is confirmed take it from me but hillary may not get nominated 
'Israel' appeared on Wednesday 23 at the 17th place in the Top20 of Norway's Trends: #trndnl 
"Trip begs Bree to tell him what happened the night of Alejandro's murder as in the series finale of #DesperateHousewives, ABC Sunday at 9pm" 
"Tuttosport already talking about Milan's January targets: Witsel, Perotti, Biglia, and Soriano. Just ended yesterday FFS." 
victor cruz aint do the salsa ALL game...he’s overdue....its the 4th quarter...its TIME 
Real Madrid defender Alvaro Arbeloa is considering a January move due to a lack of playing time at the Santiago Bernabeu. 
Makin a trip down to see the magic opener tomorrow #yes 
"Interesting... Lollapalooza 2015 Friday Recap: The Weeknd Grooves, Paul McCartney Plays the Hits... With ...: ... 
David Miliband in the FT today: Germany may have more in common with Britain or Poland than with euro members such as Italy or even France. 
So if anyone wants to buy me an outfit for the Jason Aldean concert Sunday for my bday that would be great bc I don't have anything!!! :-) 
@user sorry 4 delay- at work. Stunned me when 1st  earned this. Still does.4 all out similarities- its the norm here-except Islam! 
"The late Frank Gifford is the reason why I often say ""Mundee night"" instead of ""Monday night."" @user 
#VIDEO The last day of occupation will be the first day of peace Milan Oct 24th 2015 
@user Yes, the Dallas event did. Remind me to send you a link tomorrow. It was on 10:00 news too. Our Ft Worth event had none tho." 
"He may have visited Pakistan to start a new company by declaring as Pak Citizen as that of Rahul Gandhi,as per the Congress4farmers&amp;Dalits." 
"They should let Ice Cube son be the ""new"" Craig in a Friday movie" 
I'm going to IHOP tomorrow. 
Malaysia's AirAsia X to suspend Iran service: AFP - The long-haul arm of budget carrier AirAsia said Monday it w... 
It’s going down THIS Thursday @ Club Signature 2001 Lumpkin Rd Suite #3DollaThursdays $3 w/ College ID! EVERYONE ELSE $5 18+ w/ ID!!! #ColGA 
We want to tell people how great Islam is yet we are not great Muslims. May our actions speak louder than our words. 
Even though I already know how it ends... Im watching the CMAs tomorrow just to see blake drunk 
Panoramas of the crowd/stadium last night at MetLife, August 5th (via insider @user 
"#Entertainment #Buzz One of the Boys by Katy Perry (#CD, Jun-2008, Capitol) #KatyPerry #Auction" 
Texans meet back up with Mario Williams this Sunday 
"May I know @user Do you have any proof that Yakub is Innocent? #AAPWithTerrorists" 
JUST IN: Apple announced the iPhone 5 Wednesday at the Yerba Buena Center in San Francisco. Rumors leading up to... 
"We wish we may, we wish we might...check out the newest Farmers Market at Twilight @user #tucson #twilight 
Today in Hockey History - October 12th: On this day the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League (AHL) play t... 
Remember that one time he also sounded like Luke. how does Niall do it? the world may never know  
Boko Haram attacks the chief of army staff in the thick of the battle ground? This will help in the fight him from this 1st hand experience 
Amazon Prime Day is not the new Black Friday as British retailers have little appetite for mega sales... yet. 
"Alawites, Shias, Christians, Yezidis, etc  the true victims of the middle east.  may Allah protect them &lt;3" 
"Did Thordis just say that Prince George ""may be"" king one day? Bit threatening..." 
Whos going to shawn concert on October 16 in columbia sc bc we should totes meet 
Wednesday night I had a half an hour chat about arsenal with Antonio Carluccio. Standard 
Either David Cameron   {or Marx said}   "Those are my principles &amp; if you don't like them; well, I have others." 
@user Jeb Bush in 7th place with 4%.. 
@user Counting Holms, this will be the 3rd opponent in a row that has a 9-0 record before fighting Rousey. #UFC" 
@user really debating Florida. Need to look at a few more sources and color it tomorrow. 
Blue Jays score 4 in 10th; beat Red Sox: Troy Tulowitzki singled in the go-ahead run off Alexi Ogando to trigg... 
Goin make my first trip of the season to Rupp on Monday! 
Mario Balotelli may have notched a goal and assist on his return to action with Milan but coach Si... #soccernews 
One more day left in Iqaluit. Back home in Ottawa tomorrow 
Guess I'm talking to my grandparents about moving to Fresno tomorrow...Leaving everything and everyone behind. 
does anyone just get drunk and watch twilight with their best friend? On a Monday? No? Okay. 
Let's talk about the situation that's arisen between Sheamus and Randy Orton...... We still don't care 3 years after the 1st time. 
@user So what If the rules were spelled out back in May.  Politics is all about change.  Carly Fiorina deserves a place in your debate now. 
Ryan Braun hit a grand slam and finished with five RBI in Sunday's 6-1 win over the Phillies. 
Anderson Cooper and Kristin Chenoweth on His Coming Out: Anderson Live premiered Monday, with Kristin Chenoweth ... 
The Politics of the Turkish Military Presence near Mosul | Moshe Dayan Center | TA University | Israel 
@user i agree with Chelsea City and Arsenal but Man Utd?no way mate they will be more closer to 5th rather than top 3 
HBT @user David Wright on track to make his return next Monday 
Terra Nova went 2 and 2 coming in second in the Silver Division at the Del Mar Invitational Saturday. 
Rollins you better win on sunday at #Summerslam! I do not want Super Cena to tie Ric Flair's 16-Time World Title reigns. #Raw #TitleForTitle 
@user @user yes we k Ow for the 14th time today. Kris Bryant hit a walkoff. 
@user  , may i ask about the agent of Procter gmable products in Jordan, i need this for research in university .  thanks   wissam 
Per NC State: Lorenzo Brown will have exploratory surgery on his right knee Tuesday to pinpoint the source of the discomfort in his knee. 
@user we getting them tomorrow so just give to Lexus 
"Starting Wednesday, September 15th, Big Brother will move to Sunday's, Tuesday's and Wednesday's for the rest of the season. #BB17" 
My source from the Arsenal Camp has leaked me a pre-meditated XI for Saturday, anyone want me to post it?  >Bruce< 
"#Packers getting set to host the #Panthers Sunday afternoon. (@ Lambeau Field in Green Bay, WI) 
"Since Trump announced his presidential bid in June, pundits have contended he would not be the nominee.  Ben Carson &amp; Carly Fiorina climbing" 
@user 1st do you need an intern? Moto X pure or Note 5? Real Madrid or Barcelona? #teamkrispy 
"KJV OT:Ezekiel:Ch 39: ... you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood." 
Another event coming up soon for POE August 4th &amp; 5th at Pomona Fairplex. will fill you in soon! 
Madonna will make her first appearance in Hong Kong on February 17th at Asia-World Arena... 
Paul McCartney in Ohio on Oct 13th. Does anyone wanna go with me? 
"Hi im Kate,on the 4th pic she's my internet besfriend, i want to live in Niall's ass so i can go w him pay golf 
"Where to buy minimalist, vintage, and Kim Kardashian pins on the internet:  
And the Monstography bidding begins... Silent auction closes Tuesday 20th 8pm. Who will be NZ’s next top Mon 
@user @user I really hope he stays now, Even if Kane dies of exhaustion by November" 
Ay but I have a date with Colorado tomorrow! 
I wanna go crazy with Zayn till we see the sun... 
@user I do remember. It was like leaked at 1st so he made a new one for Careless World 
5th floor Paterno with @user @user @user we’re going to be productive from now on. 
Lady Gaga added a new tour date for the #BornThisWayBall in Oslo, Norway on 6th of December. 
Josh Hamilton flies out to Center... We are going to the Bottom of the 9th tied at 7! #NeverEverQuit 
@user Hi Tancredi, today spurs are again being linked with Roma’s Pjanic. Any truth in the rumours of a january move? #thfc 
"Robin Ventura, White Sox pleased with Carlos Rodon's progress - Chicago Sun 
Kane's confidence is sky high.. Odds on Kaboul to have the game the game of his life Sunday and him to be lost in his pocket? 
"#4: CaseCrown Axis Flip Case (Black) for iPad 4th Generation with Retina Display, iPad 3 & iPad 2 (Built-in magn... 
Have you got your tickets yet for our performance of Beethoven ’Missa Solemnis’ at Barbican Centre on 17 October?... 
@user you may be thinking of tara strong, who does twilight and bubbles" 
(Which is why Kim lost with the 6th Circuit and SCOTUS) 
@user Same reason you say 'Thursday' even though you don't believe in Thor. 
"did you Know Only four batsmen has scored 1500-plus runs in 4th innings in Tests: Tendulkar 1590, Rahul Dravid... 
So Donald Trump is coming to Simi Valley on the 15th. cool. 
@user I'll be back for the Ed Sheeran concert Sunday night 
"I'm going to @user at Mediolanum Forum in Milan, Italy - Nov 10 
"Tom Brady spoke to the media for the first time since Feb 2. By one reporter's count, his press availability lasted 4 minutes, 48 seconds." 
It’s going down THIS Thursday @ Club Signature 2001 Lumpkin Rd Suite #3DollaThursdays $3 w/ College ID! EVERYONE ELSE $5 18+ w/ ID!!!!! 
Want to keep Bucks' rookie John Henson company as he visits Lambeau Field Monday? Click to enter sweepstakes. 
@user Hopefully BBC will televise film sometime as they did with 1st 10 pieces with BBCNOW. Loved the BWV 565! 
"The Halos counter with a lineup that's hit .252 in 103 career AB's vs. #BlueJays southpaw, David Price. In the 7th spot, Ianetta is 6/18." 
@user Me & Colton are supposed to carve one tomorrow! Is it gonna be hard?! 
Its November already.. Christmas will be here soon, then New Year, then Valentine’s day then GRADUATION?!?! 
I may not like Kpop but don't bring racism and the dead and I'm taking to both sides Directioners and Kpoppers #WeLove1dAndKpop 
Murray gets the pass across. 1st and 10 from the 44. 
@user Yo man @user wants you to wear a Dawgs jersey! Boise State jerseys are going out of fashion on September 4th. #UGADAWGSWAG 
"Yeah, I get text notifications if it's supposed to be cardigan weather tomorrow @ Island Paradise Apartments 
We beat The Vamps but they're so close behing C'mon we don't have to lose it this time  #MTVStars Little Mix 
@user hours are 9:15 to 13:30 (GMT+1) for the public. As you're in Turin, they may refer you to the Milan embassy, and here's their...." 
Wonder if Chris Christie can cancel Valentine’s Day and move it to April..Flowers are cheaper! 
Dustin Johnson hacking about. It must be a Sunday. 
Is Hillary starting her campaign over again, for the 3rd time? 
"Dustin Johnson has become notorious for choking on Sunday at any tournament with the word ""Open"" in it" 
Dick hard like rottweiler. Can you handle it? Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt #np #SoundCloud #sold 
"Nice 1st pitch from @user but HE should have been the one signing the ball for Josh Hamilton, instead of the other way around ##1" 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh says it is wrong to tag some players 'home-based,' even as they ply their trade in the domestic league." 
@user Its 900p because we have 60 fps it may be 1080p on Ps4 but it lingers around 50fps 
"#MLBFantasy Carlos Rodon limited the Indians to one run over seven innings Tuesday, and the White Sox held on to beat the Indians 7-4." 
It’s 3 ferry Friday between Torpoint and Plymouth with waiting times upto 10 minutes. [PC] 
"Ease of use may be invisible, but it's absence sure isn't" - IBM 
My mums going to Liverpool shopping tomorrow and I’m working. Damn 
Ladies it’s time for y’all to bring out them tight freak um dresses at Club Pulse tomorrow 1118 N 4th Street free til 11 
Going to do a broadcast on periscope tomorrow. Maybe a Q &amp; A, room tour, also might share my tarot cards and oracle cards. Would you watch? 
@user I’m thinking of an outfit like """"Nick the Lounge Singer"""" (Bill Murray) from the old old Saturday Night Live. Maybe a sherbet tux?" 
Mansbridge interview with Trudeau may not have been a classic but I did find Justin believable. And I dont feel like I need a shower #elxn42 
Whose goin with me to get those Concords in December? 
@user @user Jupiter on Thursday, then. Thor's day, thunder &amp; lightning, Jupiter." 
Mark Montgomery, David Adams and Austin Romine have been selected to play in the Arizona Fall League Rising Stars game on Sat. #Yankees 
Are you losing organic Google traffic from April 21st? 
ISIS is mercenary contractor originally based in Arizona.Has nothing to do with Israel except they may hire some 
If I rise tomorrow and there's no sign of 1) Zayn throwing a public tantrum or 2) Nicki taking over the world then I'm checking out of life 
"Did any of you party with Jeremy Evans in Dallas on Saturday at the """"Posh Cool Down"""" at Club Posh? 
Rematch John Cena Vs Seth Rollin title for title Part 2 Tomorrow on raw @user Book it 
"The mention of Hollywood Dailies may have been yesterday. If so, look out for reruns on Reelz in the US" 
"Tony Blair's hasty folly in Iraq - you have to admire the chutzpah, coming from the war's biggest cheerleader 
#VoteForBJP Let's make 15 october 14 as another Independence day congrss mukt bharat 
Gucci bags them sealed book june get the identical yours item toward joining versus journeyman sparking: KhvoAkMlb 
Will Justin Bieber get Xmas Number 1? The NHS Choir? That one off the X Factor? Find out 10am tomorrow with @user 
@user OH SHIT! Youve been caught in an ego trap is he chuck Norris ??? 
Rolling Stone  Out of zone  So you can't monitor  My SAT phone 
Gucci inexpressibles ego acceptation may embody the twosome yours meaningful open door junta so elenchus extan... 
Thor and Odin have more to do with Dec 25 than Jesus 
ESPN's Chris Mortensen confirms that Danny Amendola (clavicle) will be inactive for the Rams on Sunday. 
The #Cubs score 2 runs in the bottom of the 6th on RBI singles by Kris Bryant &amp; Miguel Montero to tie things up with the Reds @ 3 apiece 
The lights will go out at Gampel and Calhoun will slide to midcourt on a wire Saturday to try to fire up the crowd. @user 
@user hey are you trying to meet Shawn tomorrow? 
Erdogan rates call counter says this was his first since April 25 and the 2nd one since he met Cenbank Gov. Basci March 12. 
Real Madrid and I are #TakingItToTheHouse tonight! #FIFA11 
Milan's Expo is well and truly over and it seems public transport strikes are well and truly back. One coming up on Wednesday 16 December. 
"Join us at the Eid multicultural festival 11.30 at #Brighton Open Market, London Road tomorrow 
Last day of school tomorrow then im out too Cuba :P haha 
USA coming up...last time this many Americans were in London the 8th Air Force started the Baby Boom. 
not surprised Frank Ocean dropped out of FYF. my inner-curiousty had me hoping he wouls drop that jawn before or during Saturday but nawwww. 
Milan draw 20th place team Silvio makes public statement about coach New Mr. Bee rumors Management deflects responsibility again #MilanCycle 
Watching Laugh At My Pain with @user on this cool Saturday night 
@user still see Koivu. You even admitted it was a good comparison like a month back. Kane may be a better one though. 
I remember one time in like 6th grade I didn't want to be in the news because I was wearing a Kurt cobain shirt . 
We have been informed of Caltrain’s 9:10 delay of 15 min. We a 2nd shuttle on route for the delayed train. Call 408-525-4646. 
Queen’s Brian May says Freddie Mercury Biopic is on the way. Sacha Baron Cohen will play the role of Mercury. via @user 
Seth Rollins kick off the monday night #RAW #Baltimore 
@user merely trying to make 11th a day to include all dead including IRA men, it wont be allowed to happen." 
We’ll have a live webcast available for the Jon Huntsman event tomorrow at 10AM. Tune in if you can’t make it! 
Amused by the 2nd hand commentary on the Apple keynote this morning. #techthings #wheretheladies 
Liverpool looking to activate Demba Ba’s 7m buy out clause with Andy Carroll going the other way in january 
"I want Ice Cube to STOP making all these other movies and give us that ""Last Friday""" 
Every 250 Supporters = 1 min of Punkrag &amp; The Fox: 1st animated feature film with gay heroes! 
"Cameron says the UK is prepared to veto the EU budget: (AGI) Brussels, Oct 19 - David Cameron said the UK is pre... 
"Polish see Dyngus Day as their answer to St. Patrick's Day Parade: D'Ella Heschmeyer, center, dances with the Kr... 
FREE DOWNLOAD! Adam Freeland - Morning sun (Endymion Bootleg)! Click on the link below & like Endymion on Facebook! 
The Super Eagles may not be playing the tiki taka football we expected but atleast our coach is as fit &amp; athletic as Luis Enrique. 
Counting the cost of the Boko Haram crisis 
"Tomorrow 7:10 @user - I'm catching ""33"", and the real ""Trainwreck"" on DVD isn't the Amy Schumer comedy. Listen: 
@user flying home tonight and arriving monday! At Florida Mall atm but got txt from BA saying its delayed til 2am! #peak 
Man, bye. I gotta work all day and drive to Houston tomorrow. 
Request for ppl in media : Dont take the opinions of organisations (however religious they may be) as the voice of Muslims. They DO NOT. 
@user @user Hearing Dana White wants UFC in Dec at ATT Stadium in Dallas 3 months before WM32 with Rousey. #HEEL 
Siapa duduk Putrajaya and can pick me up at the airport this Friday? Kite belanje minyak masak! 
US Secretary of State Press Availability on the London Conference: LONDON, United-Kingdom, February 24, 2012/Afr... 
Having a cinema day tomorrow to watch Inside Out and Paper Towns 
Who's going to Sam Smith's concert tomorrow?? 
@user @user Michelle Obama stated she was embarrassed of America. Figured she'd be 1st 2 give up citizenship. Bow 2 that. 
As a Jewish accepting Islam should be considered. You can keep the Sabbath. But Friday becomes your new Sabbath 
Can I just go to the Jason Aldean concert Sunday??? 
I’m determined to watch The Vow tomorrow, I still haven’t seen it! 
Why am I watching a changing diapers contest between kim kardashian and jimmy kimmel instead of studying for the exam I have tomorrow? 
#OPM will be performing live in the southside at Rex Theatre on the 8th of June. Holla at any #OPM rep. or myself for tickets. 
early bird @user catches the strava fail. @user bosses LSCC club run sat in Spartacus flemings, wheel all day. 
hope they ask and talk about Philippines tomorrow asddgffghj 
"Oct 3rd, network will show a live MSG card with Brock Lesnar in the main event." 
@user He bet me 5 bucks the Lions would make the Superbowl, and he also thinks the Superbowl is on Monday 
Me: ma? Ma: yes, love bug. Me: wyd? Ma: grilling with shanney and april. Me: at 10:30? -___- AT night. In Memphis.While I’m in Knoxville.. 
"Deron: Surgery may be Net result: Encouraged by the results of a cortisone shot, Deron Williams believes he will... 
"Debate standings: Perry in 11th place (not likely to make cut). #RickPerry   ""Chris Christie, John Kasich and... 
Harris English hit a dude in the top of the head on his 1st tee shot of the day!! #wow 
@user lol, creating the 1st university and hospitals in Egypt and you want people to believe islam destroyed Egypt lol. butt hurt" 
Benefit show for the Gay and Lesbian Outreach Center on October 17th! Let me know if you want to play! 
"Well it's been 13 years since 9/11, the day all our 1st responders rushed into action and got all the Saudis out of the country Bill Maher" 
"Selling 2 Tickets to Ed Sheeran on September 9th in Miami, please message or text me if you're interested ASAP" 
Did you know that Travis Barroquillo is the 4th Indiana native to participate in the NWCA All-Star Classic. He... 
That concluded the #NCDebate. See Thursday’s NCA for complete coverage. 
@user @user @user swapping Kane for Giroud week 4. Hazard is a waste of coin as well so he may go next &amp; bring in Yaya or Kun 
@user sir first can we have clarity of Rahul Gandhi if he is Indian or not before you start scare Politics. 
norv turner calls a play action pass on 1st & goal at the half-yard line, rivers throws a pick. #chargers 
Taco| Playground x Deadline ~ This Saturday: Meet and Greet with Nipsey Hussle and Dom Kennedy for the Playgroun... 
Murray would be working the night shift at McDonalds in Glasgow if he hadn't learned how to hit a tennis ball 
Yakub +family may be released&amp;sent to Pak in exchange of Dawood +Lakvi+Hafiz saeed+Headly. Pak sends four and we send Yakub+ how about it?? 
"Federal Reserve sticks with stimulus - The Federal Reserve made no major changes to its policy Wednesday, deciding t... 
'Swachh Bharat' appeared on Saturday 4 at the 14th place in the Top20 of Pune's Trends: #trndnl 
This is what happens when you have evidence against Tony Blair 
"Iran may want to wipe Israel off the map &amp; ISIS may think Palestine will be the Jews graveyard, but God has a much different  point of view!" 
"The 8th #PeaceDay in the Park festival in Cape Coral Florida, includes a food &amp; blood drive, yoga, music &amp; much more 
"RT @user 1 more day of work tomorrow then it's Bolton, first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok" 
Captain America, Angus Young AC/DC, and Kermit the Frog. Levi, Mad-Dog, and I did work. One more tomorrow. 
Norwich City are the 6th team into the Capital One Cup Quarter Finals 
"#MLBFantasy Red Sox placed INF/OF Hanley Ramirez on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to August 27, with fatigue in his right shoulder." 
somebody tell me what is there to do on Friday night in N.O.? I’m trynna bring my b-day in the right way 
"1st capital Canada Day, 12 hour telling of the Odyssey, Beirut and Mastodon at Bluesfest, craft brewery tour #WhatDidYouDoThisSummer" 
@user no every  satellite china n russia n iran and around the planets fly bye wire leading to the sun n burn up ur com asap 
Someone hangout with me tomorrow so I can show them the dance I made to Bad Blood. It's pretty fucking sick. 
@user Second.  He and Chris Evans are both slated for the second half.  Getting a feeling the war coming to Earth may be part two. 
@user I’m heading off to Hong Kong next Thursday. Spending the remaining time with my folks before I go. Will really miss edi 
The new guy at work calls me brother. I think he may be hulk Hogan's brother. 
Boy...Kenryn just asked me if Nicki goin march in a second line...lmaoo 
We have a game Friday at the Knicks then back home in Miami on Saturday against the Nuggets #TeamHeat #HeatNation 
A's newcomer Yoenis Cespedes will make Cactus League debut on Saturday: By Carl Steward PHOENIX -- It's finally ... 
#NHL #CBA -- NHL source tells John Buccigross that the league will cancel Winter Classic and All-Star game next Monday if no CBA. 
"How's this for crazy? David Wright's last 2 trips to the DL, he's returned in Philly with a HR in his 1st AB. Also 9/20/13 vs. Cole Hamels." 
"#BlueJays David Price, 1.61 ERA in 3 August starts, has recorded a sub-3.00 ERA in each of the last 4 months (dating back to May) #AceOfJays" 
@user only thing that is guaranteed of tomorrow is the finishing off of any Christians left in the M.E...Hazel wallah you're giving 
"Super Eagles led by its coach, Sunday Oliseh  is playing Taifa Stars of Tanzania at the National Stadium in Dar... 
Thinking about going to Red Sox game tomorrow hmmm.... 
@user The Galaxy S III will be available in select stores this weekend and in all MetroPCS stores & online on Monday the 22nd. Thx,JG 
ROUSEY reminded me it was Tuesday. Stick that tongue out! #tongueouttuesday #MakingofK9Rousey #throwawaydogs 
Regretting not going to fleetwood mac in June 
Is @user going to be the 3rd man on the team of @user and Dean Ambrose at @user #NightofChampions? 
"Ain't seen the sun in 66 days ,  let me count the ways in a fucked up base ( Ice Cube -  5K )" 
NFF Executive and Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh on the floor of Nigerian Stock Exchange 
I met Em and Blaine through Hannibal. I may have my issues with the show but I'm modest enough to respect that. 
The sun burns you in SAUDI ARABIA it doesn't in New York wow I can't why did i watch this 
Selling a Jason Aldean ticket for September 19th ! Let me know if you need one. 
"Camila is really a fangirl goals. Hanging out with Taylor, Niall and now Lucy. C'mon dude" 
"#iran Iran men march into final: In the end, India-2's soft touch wasn't enough to st... - 
@user @user May you find peace in life. I think I'm too educated to argue with sum1 who thinks Islam is a cult. Take care 
(LISTEN) Dana White on Saturday Sports SENtral: President of the UFC Dana White chats with Kevin Hillier ahead... 
Brock Lesnar Announced For WWE Live Event In New York City: Brock Lesnar has been announced for the October 3r... 
"Okay so tomorrow me, @user and @user have a date with the fair" 
"Right, but has John Kasich ever had to make payroll at a casino? 
tomorrow's going to be so busy and i'm staying up to watch harry potter ok 
When WVU takes the field on Saturday, it will have been 42 days since they last held an opponent under 45 points. 
"A look at the intense rivalry between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar: Raw, | via @user 
San Antonio - your October 18th show for the Collide With The Sky Tour has been moved to Backstage Live! 
"It's 3am and I'm watching Frank Ocean videos trying to figure out where he's been. C'mon Frank, where's the album?" 
"RT @user @user @user either of you LA guys going to Summerslam on Sunday? I'll be around, but not at the show." 
You can't make this up. Dustin Johnson starts his round with a snowman 8 quadruple boget on the 1st. 
Oh shit I just remember the Sam smith concert is on the 30th 
@user I don't have the figures but I find hyderabadi Muslims much more educated in comparison to other parts. May not be due to mim 
Brock Lesnar's return to MSG to air live on the WWE Network: It was announced on Sunday night during SummerSla... 
Going by the White house tomorrow 
@user tomorrow filming Wizards of Waverly place the movie 2 starts 
"Hello @user is it true that George Osborne is visiting/speaking on Friday lunch time?" 
"WEEI FLASH: Red Sox beat the Phillies 7-5. More: -- Msg&amp;data rates may apply, STOP2cxl." 
1st preview of the new HU w/ @user @user @user & @user Tonight: 12:30am PT on Reelz! 
"#AllLivesMatter ... White, Black, guy, girl or even a Caitlyn Jenner whatever that may be stop the violence 2k15" 
Ha! They got pics of Nicki Minaj boobies coming out when she performed on Good Morning America 
"I have 1 lawn seat for sale to Jason Aldean Friday night, if you're interested message me!" 
'John Kasich' appeared on Tuesday 21 at the 5th place in the Top20 of Indianapolis's Trends: #trndnl 
"Guys, I don't want to alarm anyone, but I think Hulk Hogan may not be featured on the next season of #CelebrityApprentice." 
Anyone want to buy tickets for the friday Red Sox game? Hmu 
#MariahCarey announced Australian Tour. Are you going to buy a ticket? #AustralianTour #January #tickets 
Come back to Milan @user This one has your name all over it!  
At the Greensboro comedy zone working on material I might use tomorrow during the 2nd round of the ultimate comic competition 
How To Dress Well plays Santos Party House on October 8th with o f f Love and Warm Ghost! 
I feeling KFC after the game tomorrow #mixingitup #tacobellisgettingold 
.@washingtonpost alleges that Lexus dealers are besieged with haggling-averse millennials eager to pay asking price: 
Chuck Norris:jan strangle you with a cordless phone. 
Watching Kentucky all access makes me want it to be Monday 
"La Liga: Betis march on, Malaga held to draw: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table after Salva Sev... #sports" 
Anybody here on Natchitoches got a membership at the warehouse an free to workout tomorrow 
Sooooo I may or may not be freaking out. I was watching their show at Radio City and umm it just like...hit 
@user ur not wrong but think what would happen to Muslims in the west if turkey, Algeria etc invaded Europe tomorrow" 
Going for England 3-0 tonight!  Kane 1st goal. ( if starts) #Eng 
Philly!!! @user will be rocking A FREE SHOW @ the Liacouras center @ 7pm THIS FRIDAY! Come through and watch how we get down!! 
Sounds like the intro to a new sitcom.  BTW, this is campaign launch number what for Hillary? 
@user Obama even changed the Oath of Allegiance in July to accommodate Muslims 
"Hey, do you still remember about Meat Free Monday program by Paul McCartney? How is it?" 
@user Have you seen Lawless? If Guy Pearce doesn’t get an Oscar nomination for that, I may possibly give up on the Academy Awards.. 
Delhi Police said that the fresh report submitted by AIIMS doctors.. More info - 
think a spontaneous sojourn to the City of Light may be in order. Its all Paris Fashion Week's fault... 
@user What is the significance of Sept 9th and U2 announcing/releasing things? 
"MILAN, Aug 24 (Reuters) - Lock Marco Bortolami, 35, Italy's most capped player with 112 appearances, has been left out of the 31-man squad" 
@user I just don't believe the Sun bc louis and Zayn said not to so I'm not believing anything until they confirm it 
@user my biggest dilemma, I drafted Aaron Rodgers, then as a joke in the 12th rd I got Tom Brady, who do I start?" 
Join KSPN this Friday night at the Belly Up Aspen we present new artist Ben Sollee! Showtime at 9 p.m. 
Dustin Johnson's caddie should do the old hockey trick where every Sunday he tells him it's Thursday all morning so he shoots mid-60s. 
@user Muslims will take the ""5th"" on that one." 
#MUFC: Real Madrid's Florentino Perez launched a blistering attack at Manchester United's Ed Woodward over the David de Gea fiasco - The Sun 
Just watched Dashboard Confessional's video for Stolen for the 1st time in several years and realized Olivia Wilde is in it. Mind...Blown... 
Dodgers are 4th in fewest days between no-hitters with 9 days. The White Sox lead with 1. 
"Rehab update: Kirk Nieuwenhuis and David Wright score in the 4th to put the Mets up 2-1. Kirk reached on a BB, Wright on a fielders choice." 
"Every game with Curtis as caretaker manager has a growing opportunity cost. Jenkins may be acting diligently, but it's not reflecting well." 
"For you younger kids, Jan Brady has no relation to Tom Brady. nor to deflategate. Just,.. never mind." 
@user Do you have chocolate? Sunday is National Chocolate Day. 
[ESPN] SEC lunch links:  Some linkage for you on a Thursday: Alabama will throw some different thing... #RazorBacks 
@user 4th OAR concert of 2012 tonight at Art Park! 2 ladies want hooked up with VIP &amp; a HEY GIRL! Traveled from Philly 4 this! 
Saw two bill boards with Christmas on them and CVs had candy for Christmas, 22  more days til black friday 
@user @user Close early on Thanksgiving Eve. Decorate like the Dickens. Thanksgiving Day OFF! Boom. Store all Christmas for Friday. 
I’ll be in Berlin with @user and @user for Social Media Week. Meet us there tomorrow @user event:  #SMWB 
@user were going to Grand Bend tomorrow, and my mom said i should invite you but idk if youd wanna come hhaa!" 
#Tucson Gay couple gets license to wed in Kentucky county - A gay couple walked out of a Kentucky courthouse with ... 
"Janet Jackson Misses Grammy Deadline on Purpose with New Album, Due October 2: via @user 
"We covered Nirvana's ""Breed"" w/ @user and @user to end the U.S. #CTTM10 Tour last Sunday. Watch: 
@user dude I swear Friday I was going to go take you to ihop but Danny had to go home cus he was in pain 
I think if I wake up one day and realize that I am not married to Frank Ocean I may lose my mind. 
Happy b day @user made it home Gucci I better see you tomorrow fool! 
Odds on Donald Trump becoming next US president AND Jeremy Corbyn becoming next UK PM now JUST 54/1 with @user - 500/1 in July 
"RT @user Therefore i still expect Arsenal to sign Jag, but Cahill is next option, Bolton are just willing to talk to Arsenal on mo ..." 
@user Gay marriage never existed before the last 15 years. The Left acts like the people and states should no say in a 10th amend issue 
TV Guide added Apple Watch may be one of my worser ideas, but let's be honest, I'd do it again. 
Someone come see Amy Schumer with me in June 
It’s Presidents Day at the White House Thursday. Barack Obama hosts George W. Bush for unveiling of portrait. George H.W. Bush there too. 
Hamilton scratched vs. Twins with sore knee: The Rangers have scratched Josh Hamilton from Wednesday's ... : @user 
John Terry is due to captain Chelsea from the start for the 500th occasion tomorrow... #CFC 
@user I’ll let him know if he text me, otherwise just drop it mate, I’ve got road tax and CBA to get it till Monday lol 
Monday stressing you out? Try these calming yoga moves 
I've bitched enough. RT @user CBS says Andy Rooney to make his final weekly 60 Minutes appearance this Sunday: 
Donald Trump is coming to Dallas next Monday. just wanted to put that out there.. 
Azarenka vs Halep... I believe the person who may give Serena a hard time will come from this match. 
Shaqiri on game at Arsenal:  "It will be a difficult game for us at Arsenal on Saturday, but it is one that we... 
Monday's wrath with a Rousey mask on 
"WICKEDNESS: Man, 32, infects two kids with HIV: A 32 year old man Terkura Iorpuu was on thursday arraigned bef... 
Saturday nite/Sun morning is end of Daylight Savings. FALL BACK. *if you thought it was dark in the morning before...... 
@user @user I know you all will make a big dial over Prince George Bday, remember Winnie Fallon July 23rd. #orangeroom" 
Indiana 1, Northwestern 0, end first half, men’s soccer. Eriq Zavaleta’s 16th goal the difference. IU dominating play. #iusocc 
"Nicki carried Taylor so much in that performance, tomorrow she's going to need a Nicki massage. #VMAs" 
I plan on playing in the @user Pro Series this Friday and Saturday. Anyone else? Free shot at $250 on both XB1 and PS4! 
Going to shut the gov't down over Planned Parenthood, Tom? 
@user ""Bye Felicia"" is an Ice Cube line from FRIDAY. And, Suge Knight is a Blood (Red wardrobe &amp; immediate conflict with Snoop).." 
Bad Blood is winning VOTY tomorrow (even though it should've been Blank Space) 
@user We understand that the site should reopen next Tues. Pope's Urn will be officially launched by Lord True on Mon 21 Sept 
RT @user were is the profile Happy Friday Everyone Tha Carter IV #shedidntcallbecause 
My friend has 2 extra tickets for the Ed Sheeran concert this Thursday 9/10 in Tampa at Amalie Arena. For sale... 
MGS V: Ground Zeroes (PS4)   will be Monday! Sorry for the last minute change!  &lt;3 #heroofgaming 
@user he has missed Chiefs, Saints and Vikings it was a 4 game sus and this game at Oak would be his 4th he can play Nov 11th 
@user he had death threats in july (I think) but it was for tonight at MetLife. 
Paul Crowder will be entertaining everyone at the LIthglo 15 Twilight Markets this Saturday at Queen Elizabeth... 
Rattlestick recommends IMAGINING MADOFF! Check it out on Sunday at 3p at the JCC in Manhattan! More info at 
Guys ... April 27 ... @user is coming to Lexington. #going 
"Devonte has to go to Super Saturday, so it's like Shepherd's A2 all over again!" 
"Chuckin' cows was a hobby, down on the farm. Norris Wing was the insane asylum. What can Chuck Norris do with this? 
@user I almost went PS4 route but decided seeing how NFL is sponsored by One, it may be slightly better on the One instead of 4" 
'Hulk Hogan' appeared on Friday 24 at the 1st place in the Top20 of Leeds's Trends: #trndnl 
Norman Reedus is there going to be a 6th season of The Walking Dead 
@user im going up to Berkmar tomorrow 
@user You may have a point. ISIL may be Islamic, as the KKK are Christian. Oh, and the IRA. And Joseph Kony's bunch." 
ICC announces teams for WCL Division 3: Dubai: The International Cricket Council (ICC) Thursday announced the ... 
"Instead of debating whether Yakub shld hang or not, may be we should debate death penalty itself, like so many countries who've abolished it" 
SHHHHHH secret party! TONIGHT! Meet at the Brooklyn Bridge 
@user Yep, saw it right here in Israel against a clear eastern sky; to the west, sun was just above the horizon in a blazing sunset." 
Sunday Cinema | Paul McCartney &amp; David Gilmour - Paul McCartney continues to stay Out There as the former member o... 
Surprisingly, K.K. Downing, formerly of Judas Priest, has his birthday on October 27, just two days after fellow... 
No home opener info over Labor Day weekend. Instead, we learned that all home games will be Friday or Saturday, with one Sunday afternoon. 
"Blog Post: MTV’s """"Teen Mom 2"""" Returns for an Intense Third Season with Chelsea, Jenelle, Kailyn and Leah on Monday,... 
"INDIE GRIND NEWS Cara, Michelle - On July 5, Cara Delevingne hit the red carpet of the ""Paper Towns"" premiere in S... 
@user I have plans to go to CVS before work today and get something.  That may be what I get. I’m going to quarantine myself today 
Going to watch Fashion King after 1 Litre of Tears and The Sun that Embraced the Moon I think 
Amazon Prime now delivers alcohol to fuel your drunk online shopping: said on Tuesday it... 
Wondering WHAT to do tomorrow in the RAIN? Come on down to Lil’ Iguana’s Children’s Safety Foundation for their... 
@user #wealltried Aye are you going to kpop star tomorrow? 
#Redskins QB John Beck will start Friday against the Colts despite a strong performance by Rex Grossman. 
Highlights of the Seaholm at Lahser football game will be on tomorrow morning at 11:30am on the CW50 Detroit 
Want to be upgraded to floor seats?! Share your Ed Sheeran selfie with #LiveBright tonight &amp; @user just may pick you for the upgrade! 
Register now to march with United Way for Pride Parade this weekend!  
"Gov. John Kasich may seem moderate, but take a closer look at what he's done so far. 
5 things we learned from Milan 2-1 Empoli: Milan recorded their first victory of the season on Saturday night ... 
Watchman on the Wall: The Day America Died 26 June 2015 WR15-181 
#Alert Rahul Gandhi will visit Flood Affected Chennai &amp; Cuddalore tomorrow and not the Court .. #ChennaiFloods 
The run time for Final Destination 5 is 1 hour and about 33 mins. It is premiering at The Chinese Theatre tonight. 
Tomorrow Venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 Forecast - #weatherbomb #9571 
On the Jersey shore, emotion outweighs cost of rebuilding: BAY HEAD, N.J./BOSTON (Reuters) - The people of the Jersey Shore may feel ... 
O yea btw imma be in Clemson on Thursday...I tryna get a early nigga knock going on 
Floyd Mayweather says he will fight September 12th (again)... but no opponent yet  What do you think?  #boxing... 
Who could it be? Gov. John Kasich getting major endorsement Monday at Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in Birmingham...home of Sugar Bowl losers. 
the fairest graces spring in hearts that ever sing may Jesus Christ be praised Christians under value the ministry of song in the heart 
@user Lolla will be my 14th time seeing you, but I feel like I'm cheating on you by leaving early to see Paul McCartney. #forgiveme" 
"RT @user Andy Rooney will make his last """"60 Minutes"""" appearance Sunday. Here are his 10 grumpiest moments | 
@user @user Thor's single with 2 strikes leading off the 3rd is what should tick them off. 
@user pagans named each day of the week after one of their gods, e.g.: Thor's day = Thursday. @user 
GBP JS blog: Packers TE Richard Rodgers will do some catching up with his dad Sunday 
Real Madrid's goalkeeper Keylor Navas sat on a private jet for an hour as he waited to see i... 
"They should have used wolf link for the rerelease of twilight princess. Or Isaac from golden sun, or another Nintendo game, not FE again" 
"On Eid ul Fitr 2nd day we have visited  Kot di jo kilo, Khairpur and sukkur Group members: Faraz, Nouman, Fayaz, Umar and Me" 
As a human being I am capable of feeling such emotions: I may have had a love/hate relationship w/ SS’s music but it’s a tragedy 
Seven Penny Stocks to Watch with Heavy Volume for March 14 - Fyxnews 
#Baqiya Family! Plz follow n support our dear brother in Islam! @user @user @user May we all stay united with him bi'thnAllah 
"Day two of graphing the Cubs tomorrow. Tough team. Will Kris Bryant or Jon Lester sign? Find out tomorrow on ""Graphing with CJ."" #RackCity" 
Iditarod Check-In:  It’s 8:45AM AK Time, where are you @user  DeeDee Jonrowe mushes on a swamp as the sun sets... 
Sorry DT - you're just jealous that Carly Fiorina did 10 times better than you did in Thursday's debate. 
@user may Briana carries his child, but he has been carrying Eleanor on his heart for 4 years, thing that he'll never do with briana" 
Nicki just gave this pastor a shout out but didn't attend Sunday school last Sunday. Man please. 
@user ppssssssttt it’s 32 tomorrow !!! Don’t sit outside tomorrow and jam to Lana Del Rey,, You’ll burn !! :)  K, Bye 
#Trayvon My daily tweet (10/20) in memory of Trayvon Martin - killed 238 days ago. ~May you Rest in Peace~ (Hang in there, family) 
@user Major lols. Where you get that from? Ricky Gervais? :-P may be up for some BFME later x 
@user Cabana this friday.... you might find Marissa and Irene there being rachetts trying to get niggas with bottle service #Hoes 
Effective Tomorrow: Are the Good Times Over for Saudi Arabia? 
My biggerst worries about this hurricane are Meryl Streep and Susan Sarandon, because they live in NY, may God protect them and ther family 
Conference Call with Special Guest Scott Walker this Saturday!! - 
Last Halloween was spent studying. This one will be spent studying. Had a test the Monday after the Super Bowl and Daytona 500. #communists 
"Tomorrow at school: ""Why did Zayn and Perrie break up?""  ""Is sophiam engaged?"" ""Did you guys break the record?"" Me: 
"Speed Of Light Iron Maiden | Format: MP3 Music Release Date: August 14, 2015 Download:   $1.29 (Visit the Hot ... 
@user Dinah, Taylor just followed Beyonce on twitter and wednesday she will perform in Houston.... bye 
"Should've went to watch Paper Towns first, I'll just go see it tomorrow" 
Travelling to Milton Keynes for the Ashes on Saturday ? Be aware that the Foo FIghters play the MK Bowl on... 
I don't have cable, so I'll catch up with Suits via Amazon Prime tomorrow. 
Welp. White Sox dominating the #Royals. May be time to go back to the full strength lineup tomorrow. 
Somebody remind me to cancel my Amazon Prime trial membership before the 30th so I don't get charged for the year. 
can someone tell me how teens with purchasing power managed to sell out a 4 pm Monday matinee of Paper Towns 
Memorial Day, President’s Day, Monday, any day seems to be the right day to see Independence Day on t.v. 
is it bad that I want to try to meet Shawn again tomorrow 
"Sam Smith confirmed for James Bond theme tune: He recorded the track in January, but only now has British pop ... 
Justin Bieber to see what it's like to be famous 
@user  Wed @user AM on """"Java Jazz"""" with Ken Irwin, tune in for a chat with UMass Jazz Dept. Head Jeff Holmes about his new CD, """"Of One’s Own.""""" 
What's going on with Frank Ocean? 
@user are you ready for Sunday? To beat Randy Orton?!?? 
Mass Mayor Puts Jindal On Blast - Bobby Jindal may not make the first Republican primary debate, but he has found ... 
@user 16th birthday at Garner. I gave her a face full of chocolate for her birthday. She gave it 
Jarred Cosart talks about pitching in AFL’s Rising Stars Game...and coming to Houston on Friday 
The signs on Dunkin doors should say see you tomorrow instead of see you soon 
When does the WWA film come out in december 
I admit Nintendo may have gone a bit overboard with the whole "lets give all the popular youtubers a copy of super mario maker" thing 
Today is the anniversary of F.Scott Fitzgerald’s birth (116 yrs), Dr. Seuss’s death (21) & the 1st pub. of The Hobbit (75) via @user 
hey @user I have a concert this Saturday at Bedolla Skater Boyz in Alsip, IL at 6pm. Any chance I could get you to show? 
"Niall will follow me One Day  That day just isn't today, maybe tomorrow? @user 
Who going to the Kendrick lame concert tomorrow? 
Pick the Chelsea team to play Swansea - Chelsea’s focus now turns back to the Premier League and on Saturday we make... 
@user @user @user we will take pictures. Mom said we might have to do it Friday Night as we will be at Grammys sat 
I can't be the only one that thinks 5sos should do a cover of In Bloom by Nirvana. C'mon 
Beginning today at noon., 10,000 tickets will be available to the public for the Pope's event on Saturday,... 
Vice President Joe Biden will "meet with senior advisors" tomorrow. WH did not provide a location. 
@user @user @user just added to the June 15th show at Rex Theatre! @user LIVE!!! 
"Please Welcome to the Stage Sam Elliott, Doing Your Friend Becky's 'Bad Blood' 
@user Tomorrow night ""Upstate"" Anderson,SC Models & Bottles plus $100 cash to the sexiest lady in BLACK 
"Tiger Woods' former caddie Steve Williams made about $140,000 for his work with Adam Scott today. Tiger Woods' new caddie made $5,800 #golf" 
Who remembers the song Friday by Rebecca Black 
Dustin Johnson leads the @user at @user entering 2nd round play. Can he lead wire-to-wire? 2nd round tee times in one hour 
Tomorrow weather goin be the same as today. everybody just come to school NEKKID. 
Gonna start the 80's Show with Pride by U2 - just for All Ireland Sunday !  Starting at 1 pm on RTE Gold Digital Radio ! 
Boko Haram tops agenda for Nigerian leader meet with Obama - Sun Herald 
RT @user Our new dance instructor for #ClubFitness has toured w/ Beyonce!!! You know our Beyonce themed night is going to be ... 
"Is it fair? Both print as well as TV Media reacts 2 Yakub's coverage, it's big picture as 2nd headline 4 Kalam's 
@user I haven't listened yet, and I'm sure you did great, but I'm worried you may be the Tom Brady to Gleeman's Bledsoe." 
im just honestly sat here in awe at nicki haters. like legit how can you hate her for calling someone out for talking shit about her 
@user rolling stone, ball game, bamma weed, the whole 1st ringside Ep he dropped" 
"Ryan Braun hits his 24th HR of the season and Wily Peralta gives up 1 run in 7 innings as @user beat Reds, 4-1. 
"Better value phone that Moto G 3rd generation? But Android only, people. I see you, you iTits." 
"When John Kasich is beating you in polls, it's time to hang your hat. 
[MLBlogs: Just Mets] David Wright to start at third base on Monday against the Phillies #Mets 
"Floyd Mayweather is a cherry-picker: Mayweather will face Berto on September 12, and boxing fans around the wo... 
The India Rich List edition will be available in Mumbai from today.Other cities can get it tomorrow onward. It remains on stands till Dec 31 
Okay....I'll admit it...Taylor did a good job performing with Nicki...I will be performing my own lobotomy tomorrow....Bye 
"Gary Barlow, Wayne Rooney, Sir Alex Ferguson, Lionel Messi, James Arthur, Geordie Shore Cast, Ant and Dec, Emile Sande and the rest" 
@user bro you going to that event at Gampel on friday? 
New Delhi: Cricketing legend Sachin Tendulkar Thursday called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed the... 
Was supposed to come up with a filler piece idea before my appointment tomorrow and didn't. Gonna come out looking like Randy Orton. SKULLS! 
Raiders vs Buccaneers Game Coverage: The Raiders take on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers this Sunday in Oakland and the... 
"I might not be able to tell you any answers to my homework tomorrow, but I sure will tell you all about how the Red Sox beat the Yankees." 
Sat parked in my car to listen to the end of Holiday by Green Day bc it reminds me of my youth @user 
I want to go to Chateau Marmont tomorrow night! 
And finally.. @user dad says he will play 'with a point to prove' if he starts against Nigeria in #u20worldcup last 16 on Wednesday 
"Court Judges Disagree on Yakub Memon, May Not Hang on Thursday: The Supreme Court today referred to a larger bench the plea of Yakub ..." 
I wish my old phone still worked bc it has videos on it from my 1st Shawn concert &amp;all u can hear is me screaming &amp; crying in the background 
Apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday pushed out the powerful hea... 
@user @user Mom told me the day would come, in order to fulfill duty as Christians, we may have to go to jail. It's here now." 
It would have been nice in the epilogue of Harry Potter if they warned me not to eat those chilli nachos last Saturday 
LOL. Iran produces oil for $1 / barrel. And the UK is going headlong into fracking . . . now. At this moment.  
these kids born in the 90s didnt know a Ice Cube as a hardcore rapper they know him as a actor and the guy from Friday. so who's shooting? 
Instead of watching the Miss USA pageant I watched Drop Dead Gorgeous...A 1999 dark comedy &amp; Amy Adams 1st role! #USA 
Franklin Cty GOP plans to hold Eisenhower Day dinner tonight, although keynote speaker, former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, may not attend. 
Several new series available Friday at the All Arts Market at Neighborhood Theatre! 
MLW Radio Extra! @user @user talk the Hulk Hogan situation and Disco plots his revenge against @user 
I don't go to the Stampede parade either, but, I still support it. Pride parade isn't a mandatory event.  
"The guy at dunkin just said ""see you tomorrow"" because he knows that I'm there every day" 
@user Perron? Really? Gagner is no comparison. Perron=1st liner Gagner=3rd liner. One 8 pt game and people forget that he is a bum???? 
#EndOfWatch with @user ,Six Flags in the am,Then UFC on Fuel TV,Waffle House late at night w/ Z, Church&Ultimate on Sunday, #HeckYeah 
@user this kid from work is going to Belgium for tomorrow land 
BIG is growing as a new sport clothes brand that will see the light on December 8th during Pacquiao VS Marquez IV at the MGM Grand. #BIG 
Latest: Jack McDermott QUITS job at McDonalds just weeks after coming 4th on Big Brother #Celebrity 
<3<3 NIPPLES >=) The Elite After Olympics Party is the place to be SATURDAY OCT 27 @ Oneil’s Place! 
@user kirk should be messaging you by tomorrow latest :) we’ve just been tryna brainstorm again. 
Meet Snoop Dogg at Total Wine &amp; More this Sunday - Have you always wanted to rub shoulders with Snoop Dogg? Great ... 
Dustin Johnson is about to get that 'Tony Romo in the 4th quarter' treatment. 
Monday night at 10:30MST I'll be running people through hard raids on PS4. @ me if you need one! #REZOforTriumphs @user 
Klitschko still the WBC boss Vitali Klitschko retained his WBC heavyweight title on Saturday when his fight ag 
@user Did you know that David Miliband was a Yum Junglist? Catch @user @user this Friday night. 
Trying to come up with a rockstar for @user 18th, so far Emilie Autumn or Amy Lee seem like ideas 
"Leonel Angel Coira signed with Real Madrid and will begin training September 6th, he is 7. I need to get Pax some cleats." 
Woman can drive may change Saudi Arabia but not the cars lewat @user 
Pedroia could make Red Sox return as soon as Tuesday 
A night to just lay up & watch movies on Netflix. 
@user I'd like to see him, Speith, Rory, &amp; Dustin Johnson at least have a shot on Sunday. Kinda rooting for DJ after all he's been thru" 
"Fernando Alonso has already signed for McLaren according to Niki Lauda, who claims he signed last Thursday 
Crucial ruling for Thursday in Ruto and Sang ICC case  ICC Judges are set to issue a landmark ruling in the case... 
Obama has a 40K early voting advantage in Nevada if he gets to 80K by next Mon he wins if its less than 70K he loses in between is a toss up 
@user you sound like the ever so common Nike shirt that everyone had in the 6th grade 
STATS Hosted Solution | News: NEW YORK (AP) Tom Brady learned Thursday he will start the season... #NBAStatsPipes 
True. Except that Rick Perry has more swagger.  Trump may have had a point when he said Jeb is asleep.  
Unpopular opinion:  Harper is right to think Nats fans ditching in the 7th inning was brutal.  No sure he was right to say it though. 
I may have invited my boyfriend over tomorrow because my Nirvana poster fell down and I'm not tall enough to put it back up but he is so 
Reason why promoting ibm machine accessories june have being scrupulous the type her exact vice pronouncement!: xTOws 
@user @user unho ne btaya tha k wo 3rd day of Eid madine jaengy wheen hongy i think 
"Free showing of the """"Lorax"""" this Friday night after Trunk or Treat at J.P. Riddle Stadium.  
November 1st - Kicking it off the start of the Holiday Season w/ Love Actually followed by Dashboard Confessional for the loneliness. 
I still have the Jason aldean ticket for sale! 1 lawn ticket at riverbend on August 23rd! I will take the highest offer!  DM if interested! 
for my 10th & last pick, i went for D-Will! Derrick Williams hehe sana mag-breakout na with Beasley & Johnson gone 
Of course Pottstown has to be ass backwards & have off school on the 15th instead of tomorrow ! 
Anyone heading to H&M on Thurs to shop the Fashion v AIDS collection? Sneak Peek here: via @user 
@user 180 lad, 1 night in Milan 1 in Munich then back the Friday" 
wait guys what if they show Shawn singing idekyn on Kelly and Michael tomorrow because he sang that last time but they didn't show it.. 
It’s this Thursday night!  B95’s 11th annual Hold ’em For Hope Texas Hold ’em Poker tourney at the Eagles Club in... 
Reach out if you're interested in attending IBM Insight2015 Oct. 25-29th 
@user For the weekend? No. For Tuesday? Fly to Japan from Kyiv. 
Excellent, on how Erdogan's decision to attack the PKK may drive it and the PYD towards Iran via @user 
"Look, fighting Triceracop and Hackerman and the Armed Vikings is one thing, but that's Thor AND a T-Rex.  Surrender may be the best option" 
If the Cardiff boy was planning to attack the Queen on Aug 15, it's a bit harsh of David Cameron to kill him on Aug21 
'They say the sun shines for all,But in some people world, it never shine at all' Bob Marley. 
New Plymouth’s run at state ended by West Side high tonight, 21-13. Marsing hosts Salmon tomorrow in 2A q-finals. 
Cameron can solve the refugee 'problem' easily - here's how: A compromise may be possible for David Cameron in... 
Finish watching Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance.  Movie was alright.  I still prefer the 1st one better. 
So Josh Hamilton returns to Anaheim for 1st time since the trade. Big deal or not? Let us know why/why not @user live 5ET 
Harper doesn't want to see you leave unless you're stretchered off. #brutal  
@user I think they may have used up all the sexy earlier in the summer with MAGIC MIKE XXL 
@user there's no word that he signed over to Apple yet but may be true. 
Im going to watch the Steelers and Giants game this Sunday 
2012 NFL Week 9 Odds: The Ravens a slight favorite on the road against the Browns on Sunday afternoon. 
@user is hosting #SNL on Nov 3. It will be epic. Like if the ghosts of Gilda Radner&John Belushi mated w/ Bill Murray & had a comedy baby 
Perceptive piece by the perceptive @user on hope that Obama's clean power plan is a 1st step, not a last one 
Who would you rather have as a 5th Member: Michelle Obama, an Ewok or The Sneezing Panda. #iHeart5SOS 
We are in search for Trade Sales Manager in Muscat, Oman. If interested you may APPLY @ 
@user It's our authorized Digi Specialized Store at Tesco Puchong. You may check with them as well. However, ... 
@user Where do Muslims in Ireland stand on the 'Repeal the 8th' referendum? Do you/they support the murder of the unborn? 
"yes. it may have ruined my social life, but I don't regret finding out about Shawn one bit. 
@user just imagine you are Dumbeldore and the LSU defenders are dementors on Saturday 
#TRIPPY - OCT 9TH Photo: Kris Jenner spotted on a date with mystery hot black dude: I see he... #TRIPPY - OCT 9TH 
Why do the White Sox look like they should be playing in your local park on a Saturday afternoon? 
@user may I suggest Boogie Wonderland by Earth, Wind &amp; Fire. Maybe a little bit of Tragedy by the Bee Gees" 
Caitlyn Jenner may as well donate her balls to the GOP since she doesn't need them &amp; the #GOP  needs a pair. 
The All Blacks face Tonga tomorrow in RWC. Tonga has it's own haka which should make for entertaining viewing. #RWC2011 
Download the unscene app for all the info for the Halloween party in Covina hills Fri. nite  
@user Yes Hayden is precious, the 1st job that came to my mind for Curtis was Stripper...(I'm probably not precious) #GH" 
"You don't win silver you lose gold."Nike advert at 1996 Atlanta Olympics . . .C'mon,let's go for gold! 
Most stores requesting new Sunday liquor sale permits in Prince George's County are near the D.C. border 
If I'm Holly Holm I think I go to Dana White &amp; hold him hostage. But I may just enjoy chaos a little too much 
Tehran, Mon Amour: Obama Tried to Establish Ties with the Mullahs via @user No Barack Obama - Vote Mitt Romney 
Hey #RedArmy, vote for your @user to be part of the All-Star game on December 22! Go the South! 
Anyone want to go to a Red Sox game tomorrow? HMUUUU 
"If someone wanted to find me at #saratoga tomorrow, it wouldn't be too hard. I stick out like a sore thumb with my PS4 lanyard thing." 
@user I'll just get it tomorrow after I see Ant-Man with or without Coffey. 
Ellen's 13th season premiere with Caitlyn Jenner.  #ellen  #caitlynjenner #theellenshow @user @user 
"Anyone interested in 2 tickets to the Sunday, August 9th Zac Brown Band show at Fenway. grandstand 21, row 2, $70 per ticket" 
@user yup from the Oakland Athletics...so there are times were players take advantages of 2nd chances some arent...josh hamilton," 
"Takahashi Rio, one of the ensemble for Live Spectacle Naruto, was Katsuo of Seigaku 5th Gen in TeniMyu 1st Season 
"Now the Economist is taking a crack at it... Dana White: ""Women will never fight in the UFC"" :)  #mma #ufc 
@user Well, he's 2nd in the AL in ERA. He has a chance at the Cy Young, though Verlander is probably ahead of him right now" 
Everybody stop complaining about Shaker is the only school thats gonna be open..lets all wait and see about it tomorrow 
Of note: when you Google "pegasus," the 1st phrase prompt is "pegasus hobbies." 
I may have just exceeded my gay 
@user @user whatever platform, a bit of fun but we all know he will be a Real Madrid player tomorrow." 
"Everyone came to the VMAs looking boring or like trash (from what I see so far), and then Nicki showed up looking like a sun goddess." 
Monday on CSN: White Sox return home for series with Red Sox - 
Did I mention that for my brothers 17th birthday he asked for and received John Cena merch. 
@user the cake is a lie! ;) and ""read"" may have been the wrong word. maybe ""moved to nirvana"" would fit better." 
#AFRICANBAZE: Kris and Caitlyn Jenner Take First Photo at Kylie's 18th Birthday Bash -- See the Family Pics!... 
Links 1 Nov: What Does Apple’s 10-K Filing Tell Us?: Apple has just filed it’s annual 10-K with the SEC. For those unused to the arca... 
Made it to Wednesday and starting off we have...  Bee Gees with Jingle Jangle 
"Sunday’s at 5pm CST, Tune in for """"The Sunday Blues"""" on Underground Radio. An hour show with Blues musical styles,... 
@user This was so the sun couldn't spin a ""louis trying for relationship with briana"" story from her attending the concerts" 
@user lmao how old are you? Club bodi should be live on sunday, its 18+ tho 
recent google search: how to get clear skin without sacrificing the blood of a newborn babe at twilight under the 1st full moon of the year 
@user @user I’m going to try to bring the @user to Volstead on Sat.  What you guys doing tomorrow? 
"If Naruto will be the 6th, and Sasuke is his rival then Sasuke is at the Kage rank as well." 
"I'm going to Ben Sollee at Notes in Newtown Nsw, Australia - Jan 8 
"I look over at Matt during SAT class and he's writing ""Kanye West"" over and over in his book" 
@user it's girls night ! We Go out somewhere to sat and then moomba ! Are you like jealous ? 
@user If a zombie apocalypse happened then Raccoon City would be a reality. (you may have to watch of the Resident Evil movies.) 
Would it be disrespectful if I wore a Duke shirt to the Tarheels game tomorrow? Lol I'm kinda a Duke basketball fan so... ? 
"Can't believe what's her face, prince George's mum, is pregnant for the 3rd time" 
Floyd Mayweather going for 49-0 Saturday 
Oracle Sets the Date for Its First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Announcement: REDWOOD SHORES, CA -- ( Mar... 
John Kasich cartoon needed different caption: Sun News Letter to the Editor #Shaker 
"YouGov tonight  shows 2% Labour lead. So headlines tomorrow -""""Crisis for Cameron as Labour pulls ahead"""" Or perhaps not." 
How safe are local rescue workers against the threat of Ebola? David Linton provides some answers on Sunday. 
I have 2 Jason Aldean tickets to sell for Friday night. $90 for the pair. Any takers?? 
"OZFM takes no responsibilty for any ""accidents"" that may occur during the Powertrip to Ed Sheeran in Sydney 
"Chelsea are one of the #UCL finalist in Milan in may and I know everyone knows how we play a final winning game,... 
"November 12, 2001 George Harrison was being treated for terminal cancer in New York. He knew he didn't' have much... 
Final: IU 1, Northwestern 1. Indiana finished the B1G season at 3-2-1. We await Saturday’s result to see our seed in the B1G Tournament. 
@user dunkin on Monday I'll give you my card to get it 
"A new era for the #Nigeria national team starts today; Sunday Oliseh's first game in charge of the Super Eagles, v Tanzania. #AFCON2017" 
@user Check inbox. I sent Lorna a range of info and a sample script for you to read on October 2 
"Why Sami Khedira Is the Piece AC Milan Are Missing - Carlo Ancelotti may not be coaching AC Milan anymore, but he ... 
"Kanye West may claim he's a Democrat, but the majority of his lyrics decidedly lean Republican." 
I just noticed MySa squared us in our friday game (-__-) 
Can't take disrespect ppl show Venus! She's the 2nd best in women's draw-wins a set off Serena &amp; ppl say it's fixed. Such BS #SerenavsVenus 
She may have failed the drug test for metenolone but no trace of Rohypnol or GHB were found in her sample 
In the very 1st episode of Transformers, it looked like Soundwave transformed into the Cybertonian equivalent of a lamppost. 
With Rick Perry's campaign unable to pay staffers, it may be time to think about bowing out or catering exclusively to a big donor. 
"RT @user Andy Rooney, 92, will make last appearance on CBS' '60 Minutes' this Sunday - TVNewser 
@user is it true pumpkin is back tomorrow at Dunkin?! 
@user  Thor shook his head, ""I may not be your blood, but we were raised together. You are not a monster, Loki. What have you done ~" 
"Seth Rollins goes 0 for 2 on Monday Night Raw, and Sting pushes the statue into a garbage truck." 
Did David Price come out for the 9th as a righty? #Price #Lowe #BlueJays 
@user tomorrow is casimir pulaski day, and we have school. im asking mr.otool why tomorrow! wanna join me? 
AC Milan Ready to Make January Move for Chelsea Full-Back Ashley Cole: San Siro side want Stamford Bridge defend... 
Beyonce ain't been doing shit, but she's been rising ever since Sat 
1st Soundtrack for the Milan Game 
Greenbrier & Summers Counties have just been placed under a Winter Storm Watch for Monday night through Tuesday... 
Kesha's Camp Speaks Out on Dr. Luke Abuse Allegations - Following the news Tuesday of Kesha's lawsuit against her ... 
Gonna be a long day for Dustin Johnson... starts the final round of the #PGAChampionship with a quadruple bogey on the 1st hole. 
Follow up Sharknado 3 tomorrow with @user Mega-Bad Movie Night: Deep Blue Sea 
Hoya, Sungyeol and sungjong with Bae yong jun. look..sungyeol’s hand! 
"Got a sweet tip for all you fantasy softball players. @user star player Curtis ""dinger"" Wilkerson is out for tomorrow's game" 
July 19th is National Ice Cream Day in the US.  Can you answer the following #JAG ice cream trivia? -- borrowed... 
Some other retailers might have the new Iron Maiden LP on Friday but you can bet they wont have all this stuff too! 
Gucci bags heart resolution april foster the dichotomous yours critter friendly relations undergirding versus ... 
"Store offers Watchman refund. Interesting if you 1st refresh on #TKAM, otherwise not much but read many worse! #GSAW 
For those wondering about the Amiibo giveaway, it was awarded but not yet claimed. New draw tomorrow if google+ user doesn't claim. 
"1st this @user writer implies I copied Kpop, now lectures me to know it. What's the Korean word for backtrack? 
These PAUL McCartney tix are burning a hole in my pocket. Want em? Call 313-298-1043 after the 2nd Paul/Beatles song. It WILL happen. 
@user @user  I saw the movie Sunday, Curtis. Max looks like a hybrid of Jesse Eisenberg, JP from Grandma's Boy and Marilyn Manson" 
So @user will be in the @user London studio tomorrow morning. Hope no one mentions Harry’s Brit Award error 
This is the Gratitude Journal in The Mail on Sunday ...right next to Katy Perry and Giselle Bundchen. What an... 
Miss Kentucky @user stopped by the studio before UofL's home opener on Friday to talk volleyball &amp; Miss USA 
"Sat on a bench and my feet couldn’t touch the ground. 1, Drexel, shorter benches please. 2, God, 6’4"""" that’s all Im askin. #asianboyproblems" 
"Sweet got Yoga Classes tomorrow. Time to show off my ass to strangers in the guise of ""getting healthy"" drink it in pal." 
I haven't heard anything about Niall since Saturday is he dead or something 
Are you gonna buy Calibraska and have it on repeat while you cry tomorrow? 
they put the instrumental for Fourth of July by Fall Out Boy in Paper Towns and I've been looking for it since I watched it 
Jay-Z may have his big companies... And Beyonce but that doesn't amount  to what Nas has done for the world and the people. 
Its been a hard days fishing  today my 1st fish a ruffe a good start I thought I'd been blessed by the pope! 
@user @user I may be a career college student trying to get my Bachelor's degree too! Unless you'd like to write me a check for 50k 
Keith foulke is throwing out the first pitch to Jason varitek.... I mean are we Rly celebrating an 8th yr reunion? 
Vice President Joe Biden led an emotional memorial service on Saturday honoring the five slain service members 
The Most Awkward Holiday Musical Moments in Television History: From Lady Gaga singing with the Muppets to Mar... 
Will jessica still be in shanghai on the 18th? 
Jazz Is Dead - A Jazz Exploration of the Grateful Dead comes to the Music Hall on Friday 8/21. Celebrating the... 
@user Jeb Bush's 1st name is not "Jeb." It is John. Let's be accurate with news reporting. 
Israel Interest Rate The Bank of Israel kept the benchmark interest rate on hold at 0.1 percent at its December 28th 2015 meeting 
Dustin Johnson's scorecard is ridiculous. Starts with a snowman on the 1st hole. Since then hes added 2 eagles and 4 birdies 
@user lol I’m in Laguna hills, but ima be in L.A & Hollywood all day today & tomorrow . 
WVU’s #QSU meetings will be at their regular time again starting tonight. Meet us at the Mountainlair Laurel Room at 8:00pm every Thursday. 
Thats the David Wright I know at 3rd bbase 
So @user I think we need a Directioners Day again with Ayesha.. BUT.. Cant be the 26th... 
Can you bet on Dustin Johnson to be top five all week until Sunday when he comes 6th and below? I'd take that... 
Gucci bags himself fervent hope june make progress the span yours joker good terms nonessential until connoiss... 
@user yeah KJ sent an email out yesterday with info and she said she’ll Follow up with another email tomorrow with the details 
Daniel Descalso robs Kris Bryant of a hit to end the 7th for the #Cubs 
I hope Israel calls for a day of cleansing both of those days. Cleans Israeli lands by any means necessary. 
@user lol that was our only year we may have had a chance at the Superbowl. Now we must wait until Nick Foley 
"David Wright / Wright is out of the lineup Saturday but will return Sunday,: Wright is out of the lineup ... #MLB" 
.@ShawnMendesNY is selling one ticket for the Island Show in NY including Shawn and other artists on Sept 8 for $56. 
North has a half day Thursday, Einstein doesn’t. Anyone wanna go see Ms.Kable with me? 
AUSTRALIA DAY #T20 International to kick-start the ultimate Australia Day long weekend @user Sat 26 Jan: 
This time NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT we will be about to kick off MEGAchurch with Stan Walker, JC Epidemic & Michael Franzese! 7 sleeps! 
Going to the Conor McGregor vs Jose Aldo UFC fight on December 12, who wants to go?? 
Lots of rumors out there. Oilers are said to want Leopold/Adam/3rd, Sekera/Pysyk/2nd, Sekera/Adam, Leopold/Adam for Sam Gagner. Who knows?? 
Balotelli will be back to playing for Milan in the first game back after this break! Jan 6th vs Bologna! [CorSport] 
Triple H was NECER Ric Flair's bitchm this Sunday i will make you mine -@JohnCena #RAW #SummerSlam 
"Is anyone else going to the Kenney Chesney, Jason Aldean concert tomorrow? Maybe we can tailgate?" 
@user Went for tea at Claridges on Tuesday morning with someone who used to go to Elvis’ place in Bel Air for jamming sessions. 
@user @user thats next Friday. Tonight I'm moderating a Paley panel with cast of CBS's new comedy, #Partners" 
David Owen: UN and Nato must heed the lessons of Kosovo and Bosnia: diplomacy & force are effective only in alliance 
The speakers slides during the 4th IIA forum in Saudi Arabia are available on below link:  #IIA #saudi 
Friday is the religious day of the week for Muslims! Check HERE for proof:  
@user lol so Milan will get a lot of money regardless of being 1st or 15th in the league. 
I thought Dustin Johnson chokes on 18 in Majors? Does this mean he will win tomorrow? 
"Will the so cal earthquake hit already, so it doesn't hit during Summerslam or next weeks Monday night raw #earthquake" 
@user lol saw the 1st over Thanksgiving break, watched the 2nd a few hours ago. But the 3rd...ain't that with Denzel?" 
@user @user When we can get the MOTO G (3rd Gen) in indonesia? #MotoG 
That should be Andy Lee's 3rd punt today down Inside the 5. 
WWE lost $50 million on the stock market on Friday following the Hulk Hogan racist comments being released to the... 
Don't miss your shot to win an Apple Watch from @user tomorrow morning ... Get the secret code here: 
#FREE CLASSES TOMORROW!  11am PC 50 with Zak &amp; 6pm Yoga with Claire!  #lotuskitty 
"In shaa Allah, I may do a ""dawah roadshow"" where I call people to Islam on the side of the road. Complete with signs and amplified sound." 
You may feel you’re alone, But I’m here still with you. You can do what you dream Just remember to listen to the rain ~by: Amy Lee 
"Tom Brady is gonna go off this Thursday, the steelers don't have a chance. I'll take that -7 all day." 
"Like Ice Cube says ""if you a scared nigga then go to church"" so das where I'm gon be tomorrow" 
"Hi guys! We know a lot of you want to see Paper Towns, we won't be showing it from Monday but we are hoping to... 
Tomorrow at #Wingsday catch the Playoff game with Knicks vs Heat @user on the sounds. Reserve your table now 214-444-9161!!! 
Nokia N9 will not launch in the United States: Nokia confirmed on Tuesday that its flagship MeeGo-powered N9 sma... 
@user I know what you mean my bday was on the 17th Zayn left on the 25 
@user I'm afraid you may be right, Abid! I've heard that WWE Management may have a Match Between Seth Rollins vs Triple H at WM32?" 
Top 5 features we want from the next version of Android Wear: The Apple Watch may have taken the world by stor... 
"""My Pain may be the reason for somebody’s laugh, but my laugh must never be the reason for somebody’s pain.""" 
"Floyd Mayweather is showing no signs of letting up ahead of what might be his last fight this September, sharing with his army of fans the" 
What made Aaron Rodgers so good in the final moments during Sunday's win vs. Mia... - 
Photo: Flatbush Zombies, Santos Party House October 17th! #ACIDALUMNI (Taken with Instagram) 
Witsel intermediary: If Milan wants Witsel than he is ready to land in Italy tomorrow or today. 
"Iron Maiden - Live in Milan, Italy, March 30th, 1981 [with Paul Di'Anno] 
@user you may not know this but america is a majority white country, what is obama doing for Christians in the middle east" 
Rahul Gandhi savours `litti-chokha` on wintry Sunday - See pic!: Rahul Gandhi mingled freely with street vendo... 
So what if Donald Trump is right on some things? Like the old saying goes "the sun will shine on a dog's ass, occasionally." ;-) 
@user so bea what do you want from Dunkin donuts tomorrow? 
#ToughEnough The Miz is the right candidate to replace Hulk Hogan as the 3rd judge. #WWE 
"After taking big hit in the polls, Scott Walker was last seen studying the 14th amendment. Hope he gets it right this time. #tcot" 
"Separation of Church and state doesn't seem to apply to islam, does it? 
"All he said is that it was funny, and weren't you up Nicki's ass in July? 
What the federal Judge fails to see that the #KimDavis name is on the form for Gay marriage that makes it a #1st She does not have to comply 
Did you know that 'Paul Dunne' was Trending Topic on Sunday 19 for 5 hours in Columbus? #trndnl 
@user For me. It goes One Piece&gt;Naruto&gt;DBZ&gt;Bleach. Bleach has never really sat right with me. I can live without bleach. 
Caitlyn Jenner &amp; Josh Duggar are trending... c'mon twitter @user you're better than this!  #disgustingtrends 
I would've preferred that episode 4 of Hannibal season 3 was the 2nd episode of it. would've been better to check on everyone earlier. 
SPECIAL Conference Call tonight the 7th at 7:30 PST - 10:30 EST Featuring Doug Wead! Doug is going to give us a... 
In honor of National Hot Dog Day on July 23. I advise you to forget this article before you eat your half-dozen. 
May fall asleep on the couch watching OU and Eastern #naptime 
Watching Ghost Rider 2 this is A LOT different from the 1st... 
It’s known, if you were born in November, your parents were getting it in on valentine day! 
Cubster Huggs &amp; Love go out today to  My Big Brother   Steve Prado Because you and I may have had our Fights... 
Ryan and I are fighting about which one of us is gonna hook up with Phil’s dog tomorrow night 
"At this point tomorrow I would have already seen Ice Cube perform with the cast of ""Are We There Yet""" 
What if Caitlyn Jenner is actually the worlds ultimate April Fools joke? 
"#lyrics #music Jason Aldean ""fall into the right hands for a reason"" // ... 
Well it's official John cena vs Seth Rollins #TitleForTitle winner take on this Sunday at #summerslam #RAW 
Might as well go to the Atl tomorrow 
This shark on Friday's twilight charter just wanted to say hello! #sharkdiving #gopro 
@user Um...sir, I'll concede that your daughter may be a rising star. Rahul Gandhi though? God save us all if he continues to rise" 
"'Can you imagine Mail on Sunday asking the weight of the PM, George Osborne or any other leading politician?' 
Rick stein reckons tuna is like roast beef to the Japanese. Anyone for tuna with Yorkshire pudding & Sunday roast? #goodfoodchannel 
@user Gators soccer wins 12th SEC title: The three points earned put Florida on top with 33 ... Youth Soccer 
@user BTW, I'm OK with gay marriage, but The 1st Amendment, which GUARANTEES Religious Freedom trumps gay marriage @user 
"Yeah ,, I was a bit sad bc it was my 1st 1D concert and Zayn wasnt there but I still enjoyed it  
Fact: Tom Brady vs. Ben Roethlisberger will be the 1st Week 1 matchup in NFL history in which both starting QBs who have won multiple Rings. 
@user @user @user @user Web Poll Question for tmo.  Did Serena tank the 2nd set for dramatic effect against Venus? #conspiracy 
my music is all over the place. I'll listen to everything from Chris Young to Justin Bieber to Eminem to Memphis May Fire to Lynyrd Skynyrd. 
"Kris jenner had an affair w Lionel Richie in the 80s an he may b khloes dad...that makes sense doe? """"Why cus she's dancin on the ceilin?""""" 
Or I may have to invest in an eyebrow pencil and start speaking with a Liverpudlian accent. What to do? 
Kerry woke me up at 8, and now shes fast asleep and im just sat here. 
"A mong he may be, but if Kane can produce last seasons form consistently then England have a goal scorer for 10+ years" 
Would it be acceptable for me to write my Free Entry Friday in Ms. Hughes’ class tomorrow on candy 
All of you people who're saying The Weekend is the next Michael Jackson, Go to sleep, you got school tomorrow. 
Sif's crush on Thor is adorable but also sad she should just hook up with may 
GOLF tomorrow!! meet at the forum at 2pm!! 
The Jazz agreed Thursday to a three-year, $5.5 million deal with forward Jeremy Evans, The Salt Lake Tribune has ... 
#inappropriatefuneralsongs Thriller by michael jackson. while the dancing may be great having to kill your zombie grandma wont be as great 
I told brionna sierra my sister n lexus we all corny lbs Lexus was first thoo I was 2nd just movn now tho so idc lbs 
Confirmation that the Army v Navy at Twickers is 27 April 2012, weekend off again !! #piginpoo 
@user i only sat on a plastic chair when they were giving lap dances. i never broke it tho. im telling you i was straight. 
"How Mothers Day is renowned: Online Floral Mothers Day, also known as Mothering Sunday is notable on the fourth ... 
Quick reminder to folks agreeing with Jon. Ric Flair's 16th reign came via Kevin Nash handing him the title. He lost it about an hour later. 
World Gold Council releases conflict-free standard: The World Gold Council (WGC) published Thursday the anticipa... 
"Picturehouse's, Pink Floyd's, 'Roger Waters: The Walll - opening 29 Sept is now making waves. Watch the trailer on Rolling Stone - look..." 
The choir has Ed Sheeran tickets to raffle.  We have two complementary tickets to the September 17th show at... 
anyone want to go to Foo Fighters - Sat 5 Sep - Milton Keynes? 
"Not that I don't love Seth Rollins, he's gold on the belts. But this may be Sting's only title run sooo #StingOnRaw #RAW #RawTampa" 
Why are the Red Sox and Yankees playing a 4pm Wednesday game? 
"Here's a preview of the new Iron Maiden double-album The Book Of Souls, due September 4th. #RockfileRadio... 
@user Sellout-shmellout @user attendance in 11-12 19th in league just above Preds. Small arena = small market. 
"Nirvana tribute concert Friday July 31st at Pine Street Bar in Livermore, with tributes to Green Day and The... 
"The Celtics may have lost last night, but at least the Lakers did too!" 
Catch NZKPaul at the Milan Expo 10-11.15am tomorrow in the Sala Colonne Plenary. Innovation in Education 
@user How fragile is it? I'm still on Moto G 1st gen and this has lasted all holocausts. Looking at Mi now. 
@user did you play for Exeter 1st team against Swansea yesterday? 
"A Rwandan pastor has made the record of conducting the largest conversion of Christians to Muslims on Tuesday,... 
West Indies go home after the Dharamsala 4th ODI. No fifth ODI. No one-off T20. No three-Test series. #Shokingnews #INDvsWI 
Kang Ho Dong has come back.  On October 29, Kang appeared in the main building of SBS in order to do a shooting... 
Red Sox with a lot of work to do to try and win this. 13-5 down in the 8th. 
"3 things Buhari can do and he'll get a 2nd term automatically. Tackle corruption, improve electricity, stifle Boko Haram." 
@user of an attack with Sophos first EUROPEAN vendor SECURITY solutions(@ Living Tomorrow)... 
Apple Watch Arrived At Best Buy Today  Best Buy began selling the Apple Watch on Friday, becoming the first... 
Report: Russian hackers behind JPMorgan Chase attack - They may have struck about nine other financial inst... 
too funny! // Monsanto 2 begin spraying cities w/ chemical designed to make people not hate Monsanto via @user 
My Thursday nights aren’t the same with Waterloo Road to look forward to... 
"RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK. #infobiz |" 
@user @user Trump's tweet is real, he was tweeting in regards to the Jan 7th terrorist attacks on Charlie Hebdo" 
Inkigayo with @user YAY This is our Saturday Night <3  #kpop_stream 
#INDvsWI The #WI team has pulled out of their tour of #IND and todays 4th ODI in Dharamsala will be their last game of the series #Cricinfo 
Wish I knew how Deloitte is going to determine if its safe for me to drive to my client Monday morning. #biggirlproblems 
He may be right. Look at some of his policies.He is acting like Obama did when he ran 1st time.Look back.. 
@user Im saying hold it to a private area tho lol  he gone be on WORLDSTARHIPHOP tomorrow 
@user @user  this is like the 2nd episode that should have Shawn on it. The 1st being Girl Meets Semi-Formal 
#lrt I had a 7th grader belting out David Bowie songs on the surf club trip. :) 
"New MKX patch coming soon to PS4, Xbox One. Jacqui buff confirmed?!  What else do you want to see? #MortalKombatX" 
"Okay, imagine Dustin Johnson's choke on the 18th green at Chambers bay.  Now move his ball from 12 feet to two... 
"Atletico gets the """"three package"""" from Valencia just like everybody else in Mestalla. See ya Atleti. Hello 1st place! #amunt" 
V-P nominee Jaswant likely to meet Jayalalithaa on August 6: ’Some of our leaders are also in touch with ... #india 
RT@angelpike: Call the hospital in Iqaluit & press 2 for English. Every Cdn should experience hearing an aboriginal language as 1st choice 
"Israel warns ties may suffer if Brasilia does not accept nominee Dani Dayan, a former head of the Jewish settlement movement" 
Regus 3rd Place site opening throughout Europe. Check out the new UK locations at Beaconsfield and Cobham.  
NHL lockout: Sidney Crosby in town as talks set to begin Thursday afternoon: Players are gathering at the NHLPA... 
@user - ahhh don't talk about it!! I'll start tomorrow night at home or the day after. Need to finish Hannibal first 
"By George Aluo SUPER Eagles' Head Coach, Sunday Oliseh, has declared that he is con- demned to winning next... 
Willett joined by Dustin Johnson in that catching it in your shorts late department. 1st to 18th in no time. Watching another Major go away 
my dad think im playing =\ ... he takin us to the Queen Mary on wednesday 
Isaiah Thomas tweeted that he worked out with Floyd Mayweather on Tuesday. 
I’m working overtime to elect Mitt. 50 radio appearances down the homestretch. On Huckabee national radio on Friday. 
C'mon Wawa NY and Long Island need you. I don't want to run on Dunkin' anymore #please 
"On Oct 27th, PM #Noda visited Iwate Prefecture to gauge extent of the damage from the Great East Japan Earthquake . 
Make sure your coach has turned in your Chevy Youth Soccer ticket stubs for the Cruz or Equinox drawing in December! 
@user Any of the NY Times' long-form coverage of Ebola, especially the hospitals in Africa. Or the chemweaps piece from Sunday." 
@user I think what you're trying to say is, you cant believe it's the 8th day of Eid." 
I'm gna play more tomorrow My PS3 controller battery is running low and u can't access the menu with the PS4 controller 
Music of the Sun, A Girl Like Me, Good Girl Gone Bad, Rated R, LOUD, Talk That Talk and finally _________? 
Also...Sun Belt barn burner on the U...MTSU just took a kick to the house to go up 34-27 on Western Kentucky @user #MTSU 
@user you say. Sunday I’ll be at the Wikipedia Women’s Workshop. Can meet before or after that. 
"Signs and symptoms that may come with HIV infection. Once you see them, please, run for HIV TEST SEE HERE&gt;&gt;http://t.co/8MnYZXwOgC" 
Republican hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday that she feels like the only candidate going after Hillary Clinto... 
Good morning! Listen at 7:20 to score lunch at Aladdin's Natural Eatery in the Trivia Cafe...and at 8:20 for your tickets to Darien Lake! 
@user can i peel it off tomorrow at digi 
Top 10 Father’s Day Gift Ideas for the Dad Who is a Cleveland Indians Fan: Cloud Expo was announced on February 24,... 
@user @user Was the referee not a option i take it. See Howard Webb is starting for Man Utd on Saturday. 
Is Paul McCartney really hidden inside a birthday cake in the 4th episode of the new season of the Netflix animated series BoJack Horseman? 
"This day (26 Feb) in 1988 George Harrison received the award for ""Video Of The Year"" for ""When We Was Fab""." 
",.EXCLUSIVE.United targeting Anderson and Kane on deadline day but Sources reveal united may not risk flashing out big deals on deadline" 
We could withdraw from EU tomorrow but threat of Civilisation Jihad not going away. @user is weak on Islam. 
Nov 1 1959- Montreal Canadiens goaltender Jacques Plante wears a protective mask for the first time in an NHL game 
@user with him and Kendrick? No only ""Black Friday""" 
@user @user Islam is a Muslim Nationalist Movement with geo-political ambitions, as such, it must lose 1st Amendment rights." 
@user bro c'mon get with the program PS4 is FTW #getitnow 
"FBI asks for the 4 and comedian Jan Hooks dies at White House with sex assault, hazing after plunging as exit polls place him for ISIS ta..." 
Man Utd: David De Gea's move to Real Madrid off as paperwork late - thought the deadline was 6pm Tuesday? 
Win 2 FREE tickets to see Ed Sheeran at Toyota Stadium Sept 5! View the link to see how to enter our drawing.  _RT_ 
So John Kasich beats out Rick Perry for the 10th spot 
"Technically Briana should have already had her baby BUT if we're just going back to when the rumors started, she'll have it in February..." 
"Next Saturday, be sure to check out NERO and Adventure Club with Fareoh at HAMMERSTEIN BALLROOM at Manhattan... 
@user Look at PS4, it gives Mem leak with a TITLE_ID request (If I'm correct) on PS Mobile App. We may find something." 
"#NewTopic Brewers vs. Reds: Sunday game report: Ryan Braun hit .326 with six doubles, a triple, five ... #Brewers" 
"Daily Prayer for December 27 - Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, because he has come to his people and ... 
@user The papers (the Sun in this case) usually inform the BBC press office in advance. 
Am I the only one thinking that Kpop used to be so fun back then? I mean the 2nd Generation was the best. 
RT @user Foreign Minister Surapong to file complaint against Democrats with police on Mon at 3pm 
@user Roma play Juventus tomorrow in Rome. If you don't go then @user and I will never talk to you again. 
Goal Hernanes: Juventus still the team to beat in Italy &amp; Europe: The Bianconeri may have lost their first two... 
Ice cube left the group and made Friday #spoiler 
If you're not planning to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow then idk what you're doing with your life tbh 
David Wright already having set backs. Wont play til Monday in Philly. I wish he wouldn't get paid for the time missed. 
Between watching a friend play minecraft at monday's park day + discovering Stampy Cat videos, 7yo may actually be getting into minecraft 
@user @user *Will knocks on the door again.* Is the window in your room open, Bentley? Can you see the sun? 
"I'm gonna be on brand and ask ""do you think Chris Evans will be there?"" 
"4 Jan Cracking the case of Charles Dickens THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD and the madcap musical it inspired @user 
Abreu just missed an opposite field homer. Got a fastball up and the White Sox in prime position to take the lead in the 10th. 
Looks like I’m going to Bolder tomorrow. 
Chelsea ready January bid for star with price tag in excess o... | 
A: I'd gladly have somebody else pay you next Tuesday for a vegan burger today Q: What would Michelle Obama say if she were Wimpy @user 
"The moment Corey Gamble was sandwiched between Kris &amp; Caitlyn Jenner: During Kylie's 18th birthday party on Sunday, the night almost ..." 
@user awesome. May the latter belief make you question why Islam is so targeted and guide you to the right religion at some point 
Getting ready to join 1st Kilmacolm Scout Group at the Remembrance Service. Vital that young people understand what today is about #iscout 
"#HongKong Golf-Johnson, Rose to light up Hong Kong Open: HONG KONG, July 30 Dustin Johnson will make his Hong ...  
@user If Milan will reach final Copa Italia, but they lost against e.g. Juventus, if Juventus in the league their position 3rd. 1/2" 
Peyton Manning Uganda Jordan Farmar I can take it Papi 
"John Kasich - the most PC, and least 1st Amendment friendly, of the 17 GOP candidates. My article in The Federalist. 
RT @user Some of the madness and mayhem the cast of Aladdin created when they flew into Newark on Monday!! 
"Pearl Jam's Jeff Aments new project RNDM, here's the first single Modern Times, album 'Acts out Oct 26th @user 
@user @user If you have Amazon Prime, it may be for you. Best Buy is dropping the cost of the Fire Stick, I hear. 
We now just need less than 4.5 goals in the Barca match and Real match to land the 32/1 7-fold. I may cover our bet before the last match 
Australia should give priority to Christians refugees. Abetz believes in freedom (not) as long as its his view of it. 
3 August 1971. Paul McCartney announced the formation of his new band Wings. 
Interesting. Methinks the one baby that survived Planned Parenthood was #IranDeal. Think about it. 
@user @user I'm sure Hillary kept a copy of all the original emails somewhere. Where is the 5th thumb-drive Hillary? 
".@mnsbav   So since Thor's name is in Thursday, is Thor what Thursdays are all about?   #atheist" 
I’m Volunteering at the 8th grade Construction Rodeo!!!! 
"No one is forced to buy the pay per view, - Floyd Mayweather. I think #boxing fans may take him up on that .. #MayweatherBerto" 
Real speak out on De Gea drama: Real Madrid said on Tuesday they had done everything necessary to complete the... 
Commodities tomorrow: Low oil prices hits Saudi Arabia hard: CNBC's Jackie DeAngelis discusses the day's activ... 
"Voting closes on Tuesday, just to let you all know :)   #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
"Did you hear? Hollywood News - Twilight, Spiderman, Comic-Con - Video: Hollywood News Hollywood... Tweet me, today!" 
Murray gets the break he needed. Even's things in the 3rd. Anderson has 3 sets to fail if Murray hopes to win. 
"Anderson with his 5th set point... And this time, he takes it. Murray will have to come from 2 sets down again. #USOpen2015 #Murray" 
@user I may not be an important person in their eyes but in Gods eyes I feel I am being guided to help save the Christians /yazidis 
@user The pride flag ppl certainly don't ""love"" Christians and don't want to ""include"" them in 1st amendment protection. Stop the hate!" 
"**Throwback Thursday - Venice, Italy**  In 2008 I traveled to Milan to study a summer fashion course. Over the... 
@user  Morning Simon, r u going to see Cowboys and Aliens preview on Monday or Tuesday at Lpool ONE?" 
That moment when SNSD and Jessica will be in the same country tomorrow... 
@user however I hope you bring Witsel &amp; Soriano in January for their loyalty, they also tried until the end for Milan! I wish that" 
#Arsenal &amp; #MCFC are linked with a January move for Real Madrid's Isco   
One more movie coming your way this afternoon (it's a biggie!) -- and a couple notes on Sunday's The Walking Dead.... stay tuned. 
Ryan Braun gives the #Brewers an early lead with a solo HR to left in the 1st.  1-0 #Crew over the Reds 
I was worried for a bit that John Cena may have been behind the Kennedy assassination because I couldn't see him when it happened. 
@user yep Turner House ! I Won’t know my roommate Til the aug 8 . 
Has Federer shocked Murray and Djokovic with his turbo-charged aggression? Will they respond? New podcast tomorrow 
"Hello everyone! Just a note that the attire for tomorrow's PROJECT RELIEF: Aiding East Africa, Presented by MSA... 
I think @user may owe an apology to the Japanese as much as he does to Muslims. 
Photo: thesejulez: This is what 4th of July is really about. When Gaga and Beyonce posioned all those... 
Watching Joseph Prince. Getting fed. U may think it but u don’t have to say it. Speak Gods words. #Pastor #faith #Word 
I think if Cole wanted he coulda had a better verse on Black Friday than Kendrick 
While all eyes may be on the new iPhone today, this Apple product will be the most disruptive 
We has our first meet in London from 1-4pm Saturday, 3/11/12   Then we have one in Belgium on the  8/11/12 which is 11-2pm   Be There! 
The New York Giants resumed their preperation for their game this Sunday against the Pittsburgh Steelers with Hurricane Sandy leaving NJ/NY 
@user you're right about Curtis but they expect to have someone in by the weekend or Monday latest so all we can do is hope 
Just said that!! On the frank Gifford tribute  
Amazon has opened an online store for Black Friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place. 
@user You want Sat Go Art Park? 
Murray steal the 3rd set to stay alive #USOpen 
"White Sox cut the #Mariners lead to 5-2 in the 6th and that's it for Kuma.  Final line: 5.2 IP, 7 H, 2 R, 4 BB &amp; 6 K. 
@user (3/3) Since IRA is calling, it may be for something different. ^RP" 
Hundreds of Malaysia's lawyers and their supporters on Thursday (October 16) marched on Parliament demanding the government honours its t... 
It is too hot. I was waking around campus w my big black umbrella just 2 shade myself from the sun. I think I'm Michael Jackson or something 
"i'll just go ""is there any possible way i could get to milan on the 25th of october"" she'll probably start laughing at me lol" 
David Price was pitching against #Bluejays that day. 
Reminder that if you normally have city garbage pickup in Lexington on Mondays, it will be tomorrow due to the Labor Day holiday 
@user Hee hee! Do you know, that picture was taken after husband bought me tickets to see The Ladykillers for the 3rd time." 
@user Yeah dont think 8 or 9 like some.. Is a risk but Welbeck must be amongst the goals! As for Delph got a knock rested for Sunday 
@user perhaps even shared; he pitches his voice for Thor's ears* A mortal may not be enough, but they do help. All writhing and &gt;" 
"Seinfeld" may be coming to Netflix. But, until then, your only option is to watch the show on basic cable pretty... 
Eagles lead by 27 points going into 4th QTR (iffy 50metre penalty to help tigers). Tigers still with a sniff. #afleaglestigers 
Nobody should complain that Yakub didnt get full opportunity to get Justice though it may not have gone his way.Salute to Supreme Court. 
"I used to watch ABC Sunday night movies with the fam, now we watch #newsroom on HBO, how times have changed." 
"Cabrera singled to center, Beckham scored. White Sox trail the Red Sox 4-3 in the bottom of the 7th" 
Now that he's in 3rd place in polls, Harper unveils inspiring new slogan: "I'm not perfect." Circling the drain time. #elxn42 #cdnpoli 
Omg!!! Just saw on E News that Harry kissed Niall at the Texas concert on Sunday!! Fangirling!!!! 
Rob Lowe who portrayed Drew Peterson, now takes on Casey Anthony prosecutor: On Monday it was revealed that Rob ... 
"Meanwhile, some aide told Scott Walker he needed to polish his Foreign Policy bona fides... 
I did Christians laundry &amp; made him lunch for work tomorrow..Now Im watching himym while he's sleeping.. It's like we're already married smh 
VIDEO: Floyd Mayweather surprised members of the press in attendance at his media workout Wednesday  #MayweatherBerto 
"They may be running against each other in the Republican presidential primary, but Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker does not think Texas Sen." 
@user We last saw each other when Bob Jones talked abou the Glory Train remember Saturday,9.-19.-09 3 years,1 m and 2 days have passed 
Oneil’s Barber & Beauty open right now...449 Acadian thur (next to chicken shack) $7 All Even with a line Back 2 School Special(domino only) 
@user zayn left on the 25th. i guess i should have added 1d BUT 
What a dramatic weekend in racing! #CrunchTimeAtKansas, huge comeback in NNS, a 1st-time #MEConSPEED winner and @user in the rain. 7pm ET. 
True blood is a repeat now what do I do with my Sunday night! 
"The horn sounds, signaling the end of the 2nd period. The #NJDevils hold a 2-0 lead, as well as a 16-15 shot advantage." 
#DonaldTrump 's Miss USA Pageant set a record low on Sunday with only 925K viewers. And let that be a reminder 2 all of us. It was on Sunday 
"GOP presidential hopeful Scott Walker said Friday the United States is at war with radical Islam, calling it a... 
"Video of the Possible Injury to John Cena at WWE Live Event - - As noted, John Cena may have suffered an injury at... 
@user what time Nige?  May come down with Niall and cheer you on. 
The fact that CBS is doing their SEC game of the week in Lexington on the 25th speaks volumes about what Stoops has done at UK #BBN 
White Sox 6-4 over Twins??!!  They came from behind in the 7th 
May be it's time to say good bye to Galaxy Note edge ;) 
Egypt have booked friendlies with Russia and Ivory Coast on February 6th and 9th respectively. 
@user Iran makes it to 2nd coming. Next door, however, doesn't: 
Serie A: Juve win 6th straight; Milan booed: Reigning champions Juventus burst back into the Serie A title rac... 
Interesting how Paul Dunne is going to do tomorrow. 
Coverage of high quality stakes races from The Curragh posted to my blog soon. Good value bets on offer across the UK & Ireland for Sunday. 
"On this day in August 29, 2011~ #RAW: Randy Orton vs. Dolph Ziggler  
@user Did I just hear Bowles say that the scrimmage at MetLife tomorrow is no longer a scrimmage? 
@user Bullet for My Valentine next year?  Do you still want to go see them? Presale starts tomorrow morning! 
That kind of year in KC. Rivers over 18 fantasy its for only 3rd time of the season....for now. 
@user @user 8 IP, 3 H, 11 K in 1st start as a #BlueJay.....are you talking about a different David Price? #ace" 
@user @user c'mon Stuart, that's a straw man.  We are not at war with Iran no matter how much the neocons want it." 
#RickPerry mired in tie for 11th with dynamic Bobby Jindal in new Quinnipiac poll. His Trump gambit did zero for Rick 
No stream tonight guys and girls! Minecraft will be tomorrow! 
Thoughts on the Seth Rollins vs Orton Title match &amp; them really peaking at Wrestlemania... #RAW 
I have class at 930AM tomorrow and there's 25 of us going to the Red Sox game tonight....... 
@user I'm waiting for Monday. Even the John Cena match was flawed 
"a reminder that while Christian Ponder may be a terrible NFL QB, he's a terrific community member --- 
literally everyone takes the tweet about Nicki out of context it had nothing to do with feminism 
@user @user are you going to watch the Nuggets tomorrow????? 
#Strikeforce Results: In an instant MMA classic, Miesha Tate & Julie Kedzie went to war. Tate pulled out the W with sub at (3:28) of the 3rd 
@user Kane in EDM would be insane. If Kane went to MIN, MIN may finally be able to beat CHI in the playoffs" 
Any Toon Fans with a spare ticket for Anfield on Sunday?willing to pay extra #NUFC 
I guess I'll make tomorrow Gilgamesh and Naruto night. The king returns mongrels. 
Gary Carter on 2nd screen: content is floating free from the distribution platform. Opportunity for producers, threat for broadcasters 
@user she asked if that part in the movie inspired the ""bye felicia"" for Friday &amp; I'm just saying maybe cause Ice Cube wrote it" 
Just read an article...E L James is writing a 4th book in the 50 shades series 
GBU PM ready for reply on coal blocks: Congress: New Delhi, Aug 22 (IANS) With the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)... 
One by one, may all states wake up to the evil that Monsanto is and may justice prevails! 
It's time to discuss who Donald Trump may pick as his VP runningmate. He's been the leader for two straight months. 
@user please can you tell me when the 20th Anniversary PS4 controller is released? Thanks! 
Adam LaRoche was a late scratch from the White Sox lineup on Monday due to right patella tendinitis. 
I may be watching Twilight right now and you know what? I don't regret it. 
Come to the Art Walk tomorrow night to see me perform my original acoustic guitar songs at Coni and Franc from 6pm-9pm!!! 
"Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has invited 18 foreign based professionals to the Super Eagles.. Enyeama, Eduok included.  #Tanzania" 
@user do God eater tomorrow along with naruto since its ur day off 
is anyone NOT going to Zac Brown Band tomorrow 
Win a NOKIA LUMIA courtesy of @user tomorrow, go pick up a free sim at the Airtel stand at Makama, Unilag. #AirtelSBA 
@user @user Here, this will explain SCOTUS decision on SS marriage as it applied it to 14th Amend.  
@user I don't want war. I'm ready to sign a peace agreement tomorrow between Lebanon and Israel. BUT If Lebanon will open a war &gt;&gt; 
"Obituary: Ramcharan Nirmalkar: <Ramcharan Nirmalkar, 1926(?)- 16 May 2012> Ramcharan was one of  the pillars of ... 
Neither ABC,NBC nor @user had ONE panelist favoring the Ky clerk or Donald Trump on Sunday!. 
Saturday's rally to defund Planned Parenthood drew hundreds in #COS. 8/28 still a day of prayer and fasting! 
@user it’s Republic Day in Turkey. Like 4th July in USA. 
Ferry Corsten vs Armin van Buuren - Brute (Armin’s Illegal Drum Edit) c’mon make some noise!!!!!!!!!!!! 
J.K. Rowling wrote the final chapter of the 7th Harry Potter book 9 years before the 1st book was even released. 
MT @user FREE tickets for @user talking about Dial M for Murdoch on 6th December are available 
people inviting me to do stuff tomorrow... do they not realise it's STAR WARS DAY #StarWars #TheForceAwakens #Ilovethesehashtagemojis 
@user That is fine... I can wait until tomorrow... But it really Blows that Randy Orton may lose to Kevin Owens? Or Randy May Win... 
@user @user Who had the better ""Black Friday"" record J Cole or Kendrick Lamar?" 
"Do yourself a favor and look at Ryan Braun's stats this season.   You may not like it, but he's still a franchise player.  #brewers" 
Ashley confirmed it to me that they met at the beginning of Feb so Im guessing he met Briana during 1st - 5th of Feb 
Fireworks finale at the 2012 San Diego County Fair at Del Mar. Video from my phone: 
Sheamus and Randy Orton settled their feud on #RAW. But was the match any different from their previous encounters?  
"YES PLEASE! Entered the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle Tour happening on Sun, 10 Mar 2013!" 
Never noticed how the theme music on Sunday Morning Live sounds like the Jurassic Park theme. Fits with all prehistoric views on this show 
@user i may be going to see England vs Aus at Twickers, #oooosh 
"NEWS: Kendrick Lamar Interviews N.W.A. [Video]: Kendrick Lamar sat down with MC Ren, Ice Cube, Dr.... #GCPR #HHBU" 
@user well tbh my friend yesterday found an article about Briana being pregnant from Louis from November or December 14th 2014 
@user naww , she got Friday , Good Deeds  , & 21 Jump Street . 
Sweden's David Lingmerth is the big mover of the late starters at the #USPGA. Can he beat Dustin Johnson's -6?   
Mariah Carey's Daughter Monroe Gets Her Ears Pierced - See the Pic! via @user 
"Oliseh unruffled by Enyeama's absence for Tanzania: Chief Coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh has declare...  
WWE to Reveal Statue for Seth Rollins on Monday's RAW? - - It looks like we may finally get the missing statue of ... 
"The last time the Bearcats didn't have Walt in the starting lineup, September 12th 2009. 41 straight starts have come since that game." 
"The #AL leads the #NL 6-2 in the bottom of the 9th, but Ryan Braun leads off with a triple. #ASG2015" 
Can Big Brother just start now please? I've literally sat for hours doing nothing but wait on #CBB! 
Nokia Lumia 730 vs Moto G 3rd Gen Which one is the better Choice under Rs 13000? 
@user Harold and the Purple Crayon, although it may be for slightly younger. And anything by Dr. Seuss is always quality. 
The last day of PSSAs!!! Juniors will be testing during 1st and 2nd and then they are done with PSSAs!!! 
Jason Day's RBC Canadian Open win jumps him over Dustin Johnson to 4th in the FedEx Cup standings. 
@user I feel you, game game rillos, Dutch Ls, standard procedure. Might have to send him on a 2nd mission lol 
"Rebecca Black on repeat folks because it's Friday, Friday..." 
nov.3rd 2012 Kiss the Ring: Red Bottoms and Jays Edition....Fadda Blaze and Kindy Fatal Bday Bash @ ClubSBL 
Merkel the Great: Angela Merkel set to run for 4th term according to reports 
may or may not have gotten my mom into the John Cena meme 
Made a 96 on that paper that was due the Monday after Thanksgiving break! 
Nice 2c @user safely in the UK &amp; able to report her 1st hand knowledge of Saudi Arabia's war attrocities in #Yemen &amp; UK's role in it. 
"the Rousey fight got pushed up to November... still time for Holm to fake an injury, before Ronda injures her #UFC193" 
A special presentation was made to Jamie Carragher ahead of Thursday night's Europa League clash with FC Gomel at... 
become a father. The 1D fandom is a majority of teenagers with hormones that may not be controlled and they say things they want. If Briana 
People been lined out for this gold pack since Wednesday night at the Florida Mall... Smfh 
@user @user January 7th was the date of the last terrorist attack in Paris on the Charlie Hebdo magazine. 
"I may hate me some Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus, and Katy Perry but I love some Carrie Underwood because she know how to stay in her lane." 
"Blaze of Glory... the Bon Jovi experience performs live at Concerts in the Park this Saturday, 6/16! What's your favorite Bon Jovi song?" 
"Forum Post ID:96738 - Sunday History Photo / Qld: A little late today, we all know what campers say about Genera... 
Ice Cube has never given up. You may encounter some mental midgets who badmouth the Oakland Raider. They are... 
Lee Mason has been dropped by United for Saturday’s fixture against Arsenal. Looks like Howard Webb has been brought back into the team. 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes subconscious self hopefulness january gain strength the couple yours symbologi... 
The alliances within the Grateful Dead shift around more often than a lunch table full of 8th grade girls. Now it's everyone but Phil? 
what time is Justin on the today show tomorrow 
Shows how little people paid attn to the Charlie Hebdo stuff 11mo ago when they're tweeting the pic of people in the streets from January. 
2nd half about to start.... forza milan 
Attention Juniors! Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to buy pep rally shirts. They are $7 and you can buy them in all lunches and in room 405! 
I don't think ZAYN is getting enough sun no wonder he hasn't tweeted yet 
"It's OK to celebrate ""jul"" even though you don't  believe in Odin and Thor. #should_atheists_celebrate_christmas" 
"No. 14 UCLA defeats No. 1 Washington, 2-1. Syracuse now controls its own destiny to be No. 1 in the nation, playing at Louisville tomorrow." 
"You just broke the 11th commandment Bo, thou shall not intentionally piss off Brock Lesnar" 
UAB's Paul Dunne will play in final group Monday with Louis Oosthuizen. Jason Day will play with Jordan Spieth. #BritishOpen 
@user @user @user yep lets put Carly Fiorina in the WH &amp; the ladies who run March for Life on the Supreme Court. Right? 
"Stone Brewing's Pasadena store officially opens tomorrow, right by the Del Mar Gold Line Station (via @user 
"March  No matter on which side of the aisle you sit, you stand with Israel.  -Benjamin Netanyahu, addressing US Congress #2015StarQoutes" 
Brandenberg for three. 91-32. The 5 guys that practice with the WBB team may get in this game at this rate #letsgovcu 
Tomorrow, presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are heading up a rally in our nation's capital opposing the Obama-Iran deal. 
Refugees seems to be the hot topic atm. But Juventus has been involved in humanity for several years. Constantly. 
Re-watching the Miss USA pageant and Miss Rhode Island may have just made me cry 
"Kane's got United player written all over him for me. See how he does in his 2nd season though. Poor start, but only few games in." 
@user What in your opinion are some of the memorable Saturday-night shows that BBC &amp; ITV have scrapped recently? 
Tuesday's Schedule at Studio 26.  9:30 am - Todd 5:30 pm - Kim 7:30-8:30 pm - Warm Yin Yoga with Lorna  We had a... 
"National Herald case: All Congress MPs, CMs to march with Sonia, Rahul Gandhi to court on Dec 19?: After raisi... 
@user Yeah with Miss May I too. It’s on the 1st at Backstage Live 
The sun will still shine over the Metroplex tomorrow. (metaphorically) 
Patrick Leahy & Christian Bale together again. U.S. Senator to make his 2nd cameo in Batman movie in Dark Knight Rises 
Is Dean Ambrose a WWE wrestler? If he is he's just retweeted this from April. Weird 
Tomorrow is the day when rumours about the new iPhone Day after is the day when rumours about the next IPhone will start. Waiting for that 
@user can anyone explain why Felger got this right but not the Tom Brady fiasco? 
@user and George, are you going to the Paley tomorrow??? I am :-D #YR10000" 
It's time.  *sacrifies Dean Ambrose to the Outer Gods so @user 's soul may find rest.* 
Oh, Starbucks! Please pop out anywhere in ZC. May it be in Vitali! I’ll fly! 
WE’RE HAVING THE CRAZY SUBSTITUTE IN YEARBOOK AGAIN TOMORROW ((she does yoga in the back of the room)) ((she told us not to listen to porn)) 
Michael Jackson: Bad 25th Anniversary Edition (Picture Vinyl): This unique picture disc vinyl includes the original 1 
It is Saturday after all. Question - is Giroud the new Torres? and Superbowl switches to Comerica Park for Game 3. Where? 
I hope Gatlin only *appeared* tired in the 4x100. Will need his best for finals. Gay killed that 3rd leg though. LEGGO!  #USATF #Beijing2015 
@user ikr? Came across it randomly while doing my PR Clipping report this morning. The email contact is merlin @ merlinmedia... 
@user @user we shootin the video next tuesday at Club Crucial we need you to come DJ Blakboy 
#Obamanewpromises  Chinese New Year will replace the 4th of July  as our Independence Day Holiday 
DSTV dumps VH1 from 13 November and replaces it with the VH1 classic channel. Something tells me (cont) 
"RT @user All across the US, with Live Feeds down, Big Brother fans are seeing the Sun for the first time in months." 
Safe Mode with Networking - no internet: I am troubleshooting a BSOD in Windows 7 and may come back later with m... 
At Ricks Cafe with @user watching dese guys jump off the cliffs and drinking rum runners in the sun 
"Synard's Simple Man, Morrissey's Everyday Is Like Sunday, and Katy Perry's Teenage Dream give me all the same feels." 
At least Dustin Johnson didn't hang around til the end to lose this major..i think he's hitting his 7th shot on 1st hole. Still not on green 
I now have to read the 4th Harry Potter for english and my one homework assignment is watch the Two Towers 
Undertaker is now digging a grave for Brock Lesnar to make sure that at Sunday he will REST IN PEACE #WWE #SummerSlam 
Oracle - Stock Market Crash Black Wednesday Rally Crushes the Bears 
"FYI, golf fans: @user will join Moj on Wednesday nights to recap Big Break Greenbrier. Tonight, he's on at 6:10.  #JamesBB #saucerpass" 
"LATEST | Myrtle Beach tennis holds serve, advances to Lower State final: On a chilly Tuesday night, the Myrtle B... 
"Friday is Pi day, gonna get round on Pi day...  
SUPPORTERS BUS TO DERRY: St Patrick's Athletic travel to the Brandywell on Friday for their last away match of t... 
RT @user New blog post: Verizon to Finally Release the Droid Bionic by Motorola Tomorrow 
"she said ""it may be funny Nicki said that to Miley but now the media is going to take Miley's side, you know they're going portray Nicki-""" 
@user hey nowt wrong with a bit of German cheese!!! I hoping they 2nd Rammstein at Download!!! #whatapair 
"Dragon's Quest Heroes:The World's Tree Woes and the Heroes You Know Trailer,coming to PS4 in Oct.  #PlaystationMVP" 
@user You should try Iron Maiden at about 3:30 on a Friday. That way, when the bell rings, you can #runforthehills" 
Conor McGregor has spent 3 months in the desert of Las Vegas and still can't catch a sun tan. Can't take the boy at of Ireland #UFC #UFC189 
Marijuana March is trending... Idk bout you but the last thing I wanna do when I’m high is walk #lazy 
"Episode 2 of Dark Souls: Please Just Kill Me will be going up tomorrow! Not sure when, probably mid-day though,... 
Mets: David Wright 1-for-3 with walk and run scored as DH for Class A St. Lucie Monday in 1st game of rehab 
I have 2 #Bills tickets for sale for this Sunday's game vs. the Vikings. Message me for details. #BillsMafia 
This Saturday come hang out with Buran Theatre on Cinco de Mayo as we drink up, tell stories and prep DESTRUCTO... 
#UVa wide receiver Tim Smith says he'll be able to play in Saturday's game against NC State. 
@user @user they hold 4 titles. There are loads out there. But thy hold the four highest regarded. Nd Vitali may retire soon... 
Might have too skip the scrimmage tomorrow, I gotta see the Heat beat the Knicks tomorrow 
@user may be what u want to ask me is what is the punishment for blasphemy in Pakistan?That has nothing to do with the prophet's Islam 
Rizzo walks runners on 1st &amp; 2nd no outs let's keep the line going be patient wait for that pitch don't chase Kris Bryant up alright Bryant 
"La Liga: Barca and Betis march on, Malaga held: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table ... 
Google+ sending me an email with "A few posts you may have missed"...bless 
Carter handing off 1st...but Bromell gonna be close... Gay might give US the lead...n Bolt may have to chase 
PSA: there's a quiz in aphug tomorrow in Mr. Kane's class!! (On the syllabus???) 
Wearing my Seth Rollins shirt for the 2nd time ever lol 
@user @user World may acknowledge, except the congress and Shriman. Rahul Gandhi." 
On the 17th of March the elevator was used for the first time, and after that everything was hoisted into Granite House by its means. 
I just wanna $200 tip tomorrow &amp; I'll be Gucci *prays* 
"Carly Rae Jepsen rolling up at the Pomona Fairplex. Nbd. Yes, the average age at the concert may have been 1 
@user The next winner of an HD TV will be drawn Friday 17/02 - have you entered the #pplHDTV #competition yet? Details here: 
"Time change for soccer with Milan on Saturday. Girls to begin at 9am, boys at 11." 
I predict Frank Ocean will drop his album in the wee hours of Thursday night 
There is one thing I know after John Cena's loss at #SummerSlam. Someone may wanna check on Vince. I think he might be dying. 
Madonna's Rebel Heart tour concert at Air Canada Centre at 8pm on monday the 5th of oct. Got an extra ticket to be sold. Pls pm me. 1 ticket 
@user Do you have a store in Singapore to buy Moto G 3rd Generation phone? 
"Check out how Hurst, Kane &amp; Shearer got on, then come have a go at the Orient launch of #WalkingFootball on Sept 17! 
@user Is it not a shame that Super Eagles will play Niger Republic on Tuesday in a friendly match, why not BIG football countries?" 
Photos are up from last Thursday’s party with DESTRUCTO, courtesy of edm ORLANDO! 
"Whenever I see WWF, I don't 1st think of World Wildlife Fund for Nature, I think of Hulk Hogan &amp; Andre the Giant. 
I may have missed out seeing Noel Fielding and Rich Fulcher today, but I did just see Tom Tilley! #samsimmons 
"Centre of attention: While Katy Perry was just an audience member on Wednesday at Broadway's Finding Neverland, ... 
"Bracket Vol. 02 was exhibited in Tokyo, Japan at the 6th Magazine Library in conjunction with Futur Cultur. Watch - 
Did you know that 'Kanye West' was Trending Topic on Monday 31 for 8 hours in Abu Dhabi? #trndnl 
When is baby Tommo gonna hatch !!! Isn't it April ?! I want more pictures of Briana and Louis !! 
hey @user listen to old school by hedley.... its like we're living the song tomorrow... kind of ....maybe ...#ithoughtitwasclever 
"Kajal will act 2nd time with ramcharan,mahesh,ntr,raviteja,karthi" 
If you are interested in my next Google+ for Business workshop 10 September Derby,Direct Message me for details and a chat #lichfieldlocal 
"Big week for Presidential Candidates coming through the Metroplex. Gov. Scott walker here this am, Sen. Ted Cruz here tomorrow @user 
@user @user I’m everyday dressed up with my Spartacus costume. So, if you miss this Halloween, we may catch up anytime! 
It is happening in Tsumeb this week till saturday when Gazza will be the main man. 
@user @user D, you’re the closest source btwn fans & team. BTW heard cards may sign Billy Cundiff. Any truth?! #snarklife 
"Watched Aladdin on VHS last night, talk about high definition #stoneage" 
"May: ""why does RBB have a baby bottle?""  Me: ""obviously something to do with Louis unless Niall got a golf club pregnant.""" 
The August NL position player leaders in fWAR meet to close up the month tonight: Joey Votto and Kris Bryant. 
"#golddiggers,what makes my day is the reuniting of sonia mbele n menzi ngubane,bt i think israel will dump thuli for  may,xes hot hy" 
@user Are you refunding booking fees due to The Vamps Manchester Sunday 17th April cancellation? 
Still looking for one more person to take to Justin Bieber with me on July 12th please text me if you wanna come 
"Preview for Sunday Night Football: ""Two of the league’s top QBs go head-to-head.."" Saw Matt Ryan and was fine then saw Tony Romo #ROFL" 
If Hulk Hogan left this Earth tomorrow would they do a tribute show or just forget it @user @user @user 
Dean Ambrose stopped by the Studio to talk about WWE Monday Night RAW tonight at Sprint Center!!  Make sure you... 
Tomorrow night at 7 p.m... We need madison city stadium packed with everyone wearing RED  as Bob Jones defends its Region 8 championship 
@user When Douglas Adams wrote Restaurant At The End Of The Universe, he may have had Japan in mind. #HHGTTG 
I really wanted to go see plies tomorrow but all the ratchets gone be in there so I’ll pass lol 
Who would make a better 1st lady of the US? RETWEET for Melania Trump ignore for michelle obama @user 
Gucci bags foreconscious unafraidness july make clear the dyadic thine idiosyncratic streamlined in addition i... 
I want <3   November 1 at Lucky Chinatown - Cinema 1 - Suddenly It’s Magic - 1:00pm, 3:30pm, 5:40pm, 7:45pm, 10:00pm 
"Getting ready for Knollwood P.S. bazaar, tonight and tomorrow! Details, see here: 
"The show starts tonight, and Knollwood riders start first thing Monday morning. Allison, Jenna, Lexie, Kerri,... 
"Unconditional support from Iran, US, Russia et al has of course nothing to do with it.. 
"""""@KButter5: dook football, even the sun shines on a dog’s a$$ some days. #UNC"""" Dook..." 
@user I have 1 question. Did you actually sing the song waiting for the sun by approaching Nirvana??? 
@user Overturn 28/1 worth an each way bet tomorrow in the Champion Hurdle #nodoubt 
My Halloween costume is Wednesday Adams so basically I just bought a regular outfit 
"Now: """"There’s only one Roger Johnson"""" to Winter Wonderland. But now a Wed corner...which ends with Mattock rifling high into the South Bank." 
"Tomorrow I'm going to watch ""Paper Towns"". Do you recommend it guys?" 
If you are looking for a laid back guy, consider Wisconsin. Share him please, your share may be the one to save... 
Lazy Sunday Paul Pierce Is Lamar Odom really going to the D League ?http://t.co/ERtEfV6t 
c'mon guys we all knew Taylor was gonna do something eventually when Lena Dunham showed up in the Bad Blood video. 
@user 2-1 up in the 4th with serve and 2-1 up in sets. Murray jumpy like his had a mustard enema.  #USOpen 
@user I mean u goin to be on Vegas on the 30th October? 
The recipient of the Cecil B. DeMille Award in the Golden Globe Awards?The HFPA board of directors’ choice to be announced Thursday morning. 
@user the BBC is also in the midst of a major restructuring. They seem to have a more concrete plan than Hubert's 
"*sunrise* Rahul Gandhi : Can you see sunlight? Students : Yesss! Rahul Gandhi : May be you can see it, i don't, i am inside the hall." 
Working the Celebrity Power106 game saturday at CalState LA $12 at the door. Gonna be with Kendrick Lamar, Rick Ross, Clyde Carson, ect. 
I get to see David Wright play at Citi Field live on Friday night. I might not survive to actually get to the park. 
I just realized I'm going to see Hedley tomorrow. OHMYGOD. #5thtime :D #WeDay 
My photos up at Photoplus and the Olympus booth. Come out and say hello! Ill be here till Saturday. 
Modric and Kovacic return to Madrid training after Croatia loss: Real Madrid trained on Monday afternoon with ...  
"Playa Vista baby boom leads to a new school Playa Vista Elementary opens its doors Tuesday, serving 200 children in the coastal community" 
WELL...I think im going to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes with my shadow tonight...#MMI 
Friday is the last day to early vote in Maryland. I’m4Q6. Please join me and vote FOR Question 6. #VoteFor6 
Who’s on Google+? We want you to participate in a live Google+ Hangout with AnimalSense next Wed 10/24 at... 
Due to accidents/traffic my sat-nav took me through the Blackhall Tunnel instead of DartfordGot a nice drive past the Olympic Park though! 
Might have to make that Final Destination 5 move on friday... 
"One for you, @user Vettel's 8th place in Russia is the lowest he's *finished* in 53 races (Malaysia 2012)." 
Holy shit. Future me just sat down in front of me at Dunkin. 
"Today or tomorrow, Yakub has to meet with 72 Hoors for all his hard work.  right??  So let that be today na. #HangYakub" 
Have you heard we have a NEW CLASS: Meditation &amp; Mantra?!?  Every Wednesday 7:30 - 8:30am  with Being Yoga with... 
On the Jersey shore, emotion outweighs cost of rebuilding: BAY HEAD, N.J./BOSTON, Nov 2 (Reuters) - The people of... 
I just stumbled across a video montage on some tv channel of clips of Camilla Parker Bowles set to Uptown Girl. So..that’s my Saturday. You? 
"RT @user rally at gandhi statue, marina beach at 5 PM today. join the IACC & show your solidarity with anna hazare. pls RT & ma ..." 
"Go Set a Watchman on shelves Tuesday, some already upset with sequel: (PHOTO: HarperCollins) 
"For anyone listening tomorrow, I confused Peter Pan with Moby Dick, I didn't confuse Thor and Wolverine." 
Movie star Ben Affleck adresses Michigan State football team at Spartans' Thursday practice: Parts of the Mich... 
@user So sorry for your loss. I will always remember Monday Night Football with Frank Gifford. XO 
"Upcoming Event: BCA Supercars 2014. Featuring the premium brand such as McLaren, Aston Martin, Lamborghini, etc. 25 - 26 Oct 2014 @user 
Second last show of the season, 19th annual Gift of Art, with the artists of the #kanata Civic #art #gallery. Stop in! 
"Come to """"Hot Jam with Suzanne"""" Friday, November 9 from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm. 
Miley better pick up the Hannah Montana wig again because that may be the only she'll hide from Nicki. #VMAs2015 
Snoop Dogg Has Over $200K Seized at Italian Airport - EURweb*Italian police stopped Snoop Dogg last Friday as he p... 
Our beautiful new firepit is complete, just in time for the Friday night movie, Journey 2 the Mysterious Island.... 
Sounds like a Sarah Palin line that didn't make the cut for being too crass and glib. 
"I honestly think that from now until May(ish), the only thing I'm gonna look forward to on Fridays is watching the Vampire Diaries!" 
@user i have a 4th generation ipod and i cant download any new apps or update anything so i pretty much just use it for music/snapchat 
"Why is Nz trending Tonga, Eden Park, Friday, Argentina & Queen Street -.- World Cup Fever is it?? 2 more days!!" 
"Repost: : Microsoft's TV subscription, if not rumored may launch with Apple's iCloud - International Business Times 
Gotta get to bed. Off to Cincinnati tomorrow for the 'Cuse game Saturday. Nite twitter. 
"'Uncharted 4: A Thief's End' hits PS4 on March 18th - Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, the final game in Naughty Dog's ... 
I’m waiting for the entire Troy football team to pile out of the new Music Building tomorrow night and pillage the streets of Knoxville. 
Eddie Rosario connected for a grand slam in the third inning of Thursday afternoon's 6-4 loss to the White Sox. 
":""Scott Walker 14th Amendment Days after saying he wanted to end birthright citizenship, the Wisconsin governor says he doesn't."" Flip-flop" 
Yeah.. You know just sitting around by myself listening to Avril Lavigne, typical Friday night. 
@user the 2nd one makes me feel like I'm touring the home of a Jay-Z impersonator 
Tom Horne was a lying bastard when he said he marched with MLK, he’s a lying bastard as Arizona AG. That’s why I love him. XO Jan Brewer 
Petey gettin the start tomorrow night against Calgary.  Game is on ’nbcsports’ @ 8:00, set that DVR and get ur popcorn ready... 
1st @user @user @user don't tell me Hulk Hogan never liked  lil black kids he showed me pure love b4 camera phones 
"College Football Picks: Saturday Parlay: The Pac-12, the Big Ten, and the Southeastern Conference all have intri... 
About to roll up to the first day of school tomorrow In some Gucci flip flops. 
Those of us in the Christian Faith understand we are called to be Christians in every area of life not just on Sunday - @user 
"Quiz tomorrow: plot elements in """"The Challenge""""... our current short story from the Reading Triumphs textbook.  #KnightEng6" 
Europe AA prices may firm on Asian supply, but not in Q4 - buyers: LONDON (ICIS)--Buyers in the European acrylat... 
2: Sun Records, the birthplace of rock, launch pad to careers of Elvis, Cash, Lewis and other early rock gods 
@user @user @user Only time will tell. Haven't got the 5.1 fr my Moto G 2nd ed yet 
"I may never know your reasons why, but someday I'm going to see the good in your goodbye - Jason Aldean" 
A Rowldawg posted about #ICE out in UK on Aug 24. Link-->ICE [Explicit] Kelly Rowland | Format: MP3 Download 
@user @user WOW!!  our only way for chg, VOTEIf for no other reason do u want Hillary or Donald to pick, what may b 2 SCOTUS? 
Pretend it like Beckham: Blink and you'll miss him. Don't blink and you may still miss him. But David Beckham,... 
Eating doritos w/ tapatio and watching Family Guy to end the night(; 
Osho!!! Sunday Oliseh: 70 home based players in Super Eagles' coach's plan: According to the Sun news... #adeslaz 
if i wake up tomorrow and the boys still didnt tweet about metlife i will personally fly to the set of that video and make it happen myself 
Dublin go onto play Kerry in the All Ireland Football Final on Sept 20th 
Jennifer Aniston shows she’s Prada her figure at fashion bash - The Sun: The SunJennifer Aniston shows she’s Pra... 
"#WatchingFootballMakesMe wanna hear more about Cris Collinsworth's man crush on Tom Brady, you know that's gonna happen tomorrow." 
Gana fucking 3rd wheel with my younger cousin &amp; his gf to go see Paper Towns (''': 
Spend Saturday with Keith Richards singing some Everly Brothers.  
@user His status remains 2nd last prophet as He came on earth before Muhammad SAW.actuallyAll prophets came with same religion Islam 
frank ocean said he dropping an album at july. its july 40 and theres no new frank ocean. I aint acknowledging august till he drop the album 
"Tony Blair: UK may have to threaten Assad with ""direct military action to disable"" barrel bombing of civilians 
"5th day of Eid be like Boys : Eid khtam hogayi h kanjar ki olaad itna tyar shyaar q hai? Girls : Eid Mubarak , Eid Mubarak Eid Mubarak" 
So, is Mary Ann Davidson at Oracle a tool? Sigh. At the risk of being repetitive, yes, yes she is. 
"Blog: Jets, Giants have extensive radio networks - So it's a Sunday afternoon, and your wife is adamant about draggi... 
My 3rd article for Solo Travel Society. This time it’s all about Seoul, South Korea! :) 
"when that whole thing with nicki and miley, i sat there and just thought ""DAMNNNN SHOTS FIRED"" #VMA2015" 
@user @user @user @user on start november cab you share a lot Time the #u2surprises event for U2 at Paris-Bercy ? 
That's right it is Thursday night. Come to Boots &amp; Slurs and let David Price and Hollie King make you favorite... 
ReelzChannel's broadcast of the Miss USA pageant topped Nielsen Twitter TV ratings Sunday night.  More:... 
@user the world was actually on my side and the sun was shining and i got gucci photos thx world 
@user Annoyingly, when you search ""Sufism"" what appears are concerts of sema which may not even have anything to do with Islam.hais." 
@user BBL to take over @user franchise in short-term. Game with Mersey this Sunday to go ahead h... 
Still have 2 extra GA tickets to Ed Sheeran in Dallas on the 5th! Someone please buy them.. 
Brock Lesnar vs. Bo Dallas at MSG on October 3rd? Bo's promos over the next several weeks should be classic. 
Aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? Apply for the Marie Colvin scholarship 
"Just thought about the fact that I'm now a Junior. PSAT, PSSA, SAT's, Benchmarks, Benchmarks, Homework, Benchmarks and, Prom. Wow." 
How would you have felt if Ric Flair made the jump to the WWF during the Monday Night Wars? Would it have helpe... 
Natalie’s visitation is at 3-7 tomorrow at Zeimer’s East on Hebron, the funeral is at 10 at Holy Rosary on Saturday. Msg me if you have ?s 
"GO SET A WATCHMAN drops tomorrow. ICYMI, I talked to indie bookstores around the country about their preparations 
was sat watching Degrassi then came to the realisation that Little Things will be aired in a while. 
Ric Flair = Beloved Legend. John Cena = Hated by pure wrestling fans.  Even if he wins the 16th title.They won't be Equal EVER! #SummerSlam 
if Dustin Johnson can drive a 289 yard par 4 with an iron you can get up for school tomorrow 
"Hang Tiger, not Yakub, says Salman: Mumbai, July 26 : Bollywood superstar Salman Khan has come out against the... 
@user what do the White Sox have to focus on in the offseason? Catcher? Pitcher? 3rd base? New coach? 
#FLEXTHURSDAY !! DIS THURSDAY!!!!!wit @user @user CROWS NEST WE CALLN OUT DA WHOL SOUF KUM KICK it Wit #PINKCITY!!!!!!! 
"Whitney Houston's daughter Bobbi Kristina stars in a new reality show, much of it filmed in Atlanta 
Stuck going down the rabbit hole of watching old Ric Flair promos.. Hey, it's Friday 
Susan Boyle lives the dream - Sunday Night - Yahoo!7 News - Yahoo!7 TV  via @user 
Tiffany will be one of the MCs along with CNBlue’s Yonghwa and Beast’s Gikwang for SBS KPOP Super Concert on November 10  cr: ForeverJeTi 
did you know we are cropping with tammy on Friday night? $10 holds your spot! Patti is making her King cake again... 
Affirmative on the #HulkBuster @user !!! Digi's a just a tad excited... 
"13. Nirvana - Gallons of Rubbing Alcohol Flow Through the Strip, In Utero (20th Anniversary Edition)" 
@user just like a person may say to me ""I don't agree with Islam&amp;dont want2b a Muslim but u have right to be one"" same thing" 
Kris and Caitlyn Jenner Meet for the 1st Time - AOL On 
@user next Thursday or Friday they play Maryland in New York for the first real game 
Playa Vista baby boom leads to a new school: The weekly Saturday farmers market is now filled with baby stroller... 
@user rained out. DH tomorrow at the Red Sox 
"Nirvana will represent #TeamTwerk/The U.K. in the 3rd Popptartvision with the song ""Smells Like Teen Spirit"" 
And also paid @user for not even half of the Heritage Classic tickets #GoLeafsGo. And also we're going to The Kee again Monday #wetwild 
To follow up on last tweet, Bills DT Kyle Williams expected to play Sunday. Just resting the ankle during the week. 
Are you going to be watching Lady Gaga tomorrow on Billboard's #WomanInMusic show? 
@user I agree with you, because Kane is much cheaper and Bale though a fee is agreeable, he may not want to come." 
Amy Schumer performed live at northeastern on Friday. She spoke about getting an anti-gun policy. 
Joe Biden is headed to Atlanta tomorrow as speculation mounts about a presidential run. W/ @user #gapol 
I need to spend the night at someone’s house tomorrow then just go to the meet with them! 
@user see you in Tallahassee on Friday! :) 
I dont even think briana is sure when she got pregnant 
@user @user I still think the number of Muslims in India exceed #Pakistan may not be #Indonesia! 
@user may you guys be able to please give me a code to play @user on PS4 and review it on my next YouTube broadcast? 
"Should the Irish win on Saturday, a large contingency of ND fans will rush the field, and move the goalposts again on Brian Kelly." 
@user you may dress like nicki and amelia may dress like miley 
Anonymous asked: Just realized while watchin fri-end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is... 
"'At your Christmas, Bagram is alit and bright; On my Eid, even the rays of the sun are dead." 
Jan Mursak is making his season debut tonight in place of Todd Bertuzzi, per @user #RedWings 
CLT20 I am willing to bat at any number, says Rahane - MUMBAI: Ajinkya Rahane on Thursday insisted he does not have ... 
Royal treatment: stars at MIDNIGHT TANGO opening tonight include Camilla Parker Bowles. Did she join the standing ovation? 
@user EP can be pre-ordered. Ships on Oct. 1. Songs are from MJ, Bee Gees, Ed Sheeran, the Darkness, and someone else, I think" 
"""""Pacino is going to play Joe Paterno.  This is the 2nd time he has starred in a film, that has the line ’say hello to my little friend""""- SNL" 
@user ignore that, just go to Ticketek, make sure you are a member (and signed in) and at 9AM tomorrow, they will go on sale 
John Xena may have gotten his nose broke by Seth Rollins but Obummer nose when the both Korean bombs going to break or nation  I follow back 
MMA: Conor McGregor recovers from a number of takedowns, stuns Chad Mendes with big left hand late 2nd round 
So Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter. Bruce you sly bastard you found a way into a female correctional facility! #MyHero 
"Might as well get the Djokovic vs Federer final on Sunday going, even if Murray was still in the field. Just seems destined for that." 
@user What Impact did Fmr NFL HOF Frank Gifford have in terms of Sports Broadcasting being in the Booth of ""Monday Night F'Ball""?" 
"So, with today being my last day at HOLI, today (or veryyyy early tomorrow) will be the last time I can use my phone until Houston." 
Gucci pants ego-id conflict hope january show forth the biform yours fixed favorable regard consolidation in p... 
Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is still preparing himself for a departure with Chelsea and Man City keeping tabs on the Frenchman [sun] 
Samsung will be unveiling the Galaxy Note 5 on August 13th 
I just voted for 1ST LADY to be on Coast 2 Coast Mixtape 224 Hosted by Kendrick Lamar! @user 
this shows how MUSLIMS conquered #Damascus in the time of 2nd caliph UMER this needs to be repeated. 
@user Kane should stop chasing da' goal, stay calm goals will come automatic, may be he'll get a hatick next game who knows" 
Checking out some Paul McCartney with other skrubs who didn't buy Friday passes #Lollapalooza 
Umm I maybe spent more money than I should have today oops. Well hopefully the sphero Amazon order dosnt come until Friday at the very least 
@user Prendeville was on about violent videogames on Monday, even Minecraft is bad apparently... How long you about for? 
"Rousey was right. You know you'll get beat, you just want the $ 
I may have missed it but Tony Blair is very quiet on this subject! #SyriaVote 
@user i have the Ipod Touch 5th and i have the IOS 8.4.1,ofc i cant downgrade because 8.4 is not being signded,so now what i supposed to do? 
"Sad that Howard Cosell, Don Meredith &amp; now Frank Gifford have all passed . The original Monday night football ABC telecast was the best!!" 
"Regarding Brock Lesnar returning to the ring at WWE's October 3rd Madison Square Garden live event, which will air on the WWE @user 
MEET THE BAND: Bastille is playing at the US Bank Arena this Friday! Check back TOMORROW MORNING a chance to... 
At the Monday night football game Cardinals vs Niners with Steve Edlefsen and Matthew Kroon. 
"Eid Special Video Fiction ""Cry Baby Cry""  On Air: 5th day of Eid, 8 pm on Banglavision Director: Mabrur Rashid... 
"PERUGIA, Italy (Reuters) - American student Amanda Knox walked into a court room in Perugia on Friday for the fi... 
@user what are the recommend settings for games like monster hunter portable 3rd HD? 
Gucci unmentionables number one security november discipline the twain thy something incoming productiveness h... 
@user what are the odds that Arian Foster gets over 100 yards monday? 
I have one spare ticket for Foo Fighters at Milton Keynes on Saturday September 5th. Please can someone buy it. I am poor. 
This Saturday will be a big day for all blue games. UB at Penn State with potential for upset. Chelsea playing their farm team Everton. 
"In this April 30, 2012 file photo, Kim Kardashian from the show ""Keeping Up With The Kardashians"" attends an E! 
@user Its a tragedy!!!Muslims should always help Muslims lest they become a prey jn the hands of enemies.May Allah swt hv mercy 
"HOLD ME, THRILL ME, KISS ME, KILL ME by U2 was no.13 in the UK charts on 16 August 1995 
Last day of Eid is feeling like Sunday before Monday. 
I'm going to take a wild guess and say that Paper Towns is out tomorrow? 
gay dogs may make you horny but just pan lions makes you cum 
"I wonder if the Bella Twins will be at Teen Choice tomorrow since they're nominated. Probably gonna lose to Rousey, though." 
@user We may say this. But on the othor hand some 'Muslim thekedar'  supports terrorists like Yakub like a hero. 
can we just fast forward to the end of the year and go to disneyland, ball, sun splash and graduate already 
The Vamps are on TFI Friday and look about 14 years old... 
"Check out the replay of @user from Tues as we talk Rousey, CFB Playoff predictions, and our NFL team previews right now &amp; all day!" 
@user I do it at about half the games I go to. I'll be at the White Sox game in Chicago this Sunday so I'll do it there for sure. 
@user yea look at the 1st tweet of Briana's failed tweets she posted(she tweeted this pic earlier) 
Never watched so I don't have any favs.. But I do predict Hulk Hogan will be going home  
"Just sat through ""watching"" Twilight for the first time while Abby asked questions, I kid you not, the whole time. @user 
Where are all the fans freaking out about the Mets Chemistry??? David Wright just did something that may have defied Biology &amp; Physics. 
If you are in Helsinki and is going to Skiexpo on Friday or Saturday look out for this t-shirt. 
Dean Ambrose &amp; Roman Reigns needs to find a 3rd man going up against The Wyatt Family 
"Today opens the Jersey Shore season 4, this time in Italy, at 21:30 on MTV" 
George Clooney may cast ’Artist’ star Jean Dujardin in his next film ’The Monuments Men’ . US Army team chases down art stolen by the Nazi’s 
"""""@Rene: Go to Youtube, search Ni**as In Paris (no stars)... go to the 1st one & listen from 2:15 - 2:30."""" why? o.O" 
Nokia May Be Helpful until Microsoft - Management analysts have faith that the reason for nonexistence of... 
Just wanna know why Niall's sat there in my mums dressing gown getting his food brought to him :/ ( he's 22 ) 
I haven't seen Shawn since July 15 and I miss him and everything about him 
"If anyone is headed Charleston way this Sunday 11/4 & has an extra seat, message me. I'll buy the gas." 
Brewers offense continues to struggle. Ryan Braun accounts for only run with a 1st inning HR. It's a final from Miller Park. Cubs 4 Mil 1. 
"Topic: Friday Night Lights       Two members of the Wyandanch, NY Memorial High School varsity football team were... 
@user Contraband. Friend bought it in Whitefish. I’m going there in January, maybe we can make a deal. 
Gucci unmentionables he hopeful prognosis january hike up the duet your personality invasive spreading in cont... 
@user Wait I think I know who it is. I may be wrong but I swear in an interview one of you said you’d like to sing a Stan Walker song 
My niece has a project due on the Washington Monument next Friday 
Meek Mill or 12 year old white boy that just discovered Jay-Z? The world may never know 
"O’Mara says """"political influence"""" was at play in charging of Zimmerman with 2nd degree murde" 
@user so annoying &gt;.&lt; may read the birth of Levi only a lvl 97 boss though as mikasa is 98 boss and your like 99 boss ;) 
So like, he missed Seinfeld and Friends? And to think I was really starting to like this dude.  
@user As far as I know it's just an Australian Tour that Soundwave Touring as lined up for September but they are still waiting on + 
Beyonce and Jay-Z spent $200,000 on Blue Ivy's 1st birthday party and I just paid for a bag of fucking Monster Munch with 5p coins 
Arsenal fixtures out...I am going to target Nov 17 for my trip to Emirates.  North London Derby...vs the Spuds. #liverintraining 
"Cool, Ant-Man isn't working. Beauty sleep for me then seeing as it's Monday." 
@user It was aired on Friday Oct 26 2012 at NHK , I'll try to find the source ^-^" 
"Christian Hernandez, 2014 Catcher out of Doral, FL had the key hit for CFBL Blue today. Down 1 in the 7th inning,... 
@user Sorry if you are sick of hearing this... but in January transfer window do you think Arsenal might try again for Benzema? 
Amy Schumer backstage at the Hollywood Film Awards || November 1 #GomezUpdate 
Chancellor Angela Merkel planned to discuss Europe's migrant crisis with her coalition partners Sunday, as... 
last race of the season before leagues and cif tomorrow on a brand new course, we’ll see how this goes #cantdecidewhethertocareornot 
Hi all I'll be speaking to Peter Riley on ABC 97.3 Illawarra on Monday at around 7:15am EST. With a couple of the... 
"May as well strap the golden cockerel from WHL's roof to Kane's back so that the burden on him is at once metaphorical, symbolic &amp; literal" 
UFO Sighting: Black Triangle Sighting in Oranjestad,  on October 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance... 
@user Jesus. I CREATED? I said Kane may not reach the same heights. You then sent me 3 tweets asking my views on Martial in an attempt 
@user dis u download all the epi with Eng Sub .. may I know from which website @user 
"For @user a look at why the next debate will be a lot tougher for Carly Fiorina than the last one was. 
@user in the CL final when Lehmann got that red card, he chose to sub out Pires in the 10th minute to get Almunia in. Pires felt 
So I'm flying home for Xmas then flying up to Scotland to be a bridesmaid then going to Paris with uni in feb &amp; then flying home for Easter! 
Conor McGregor may be the most absurd person out there. With that being said, he's da real MVP. 
@user He won't like Donald Trump calling him a 3rd rater.  I think he's trying to elevate his profile. 
Gucci bags id assured faith december expatiate the biform your hand at other as far as attache quick: OXYHzRGNr 
#MNTwins rally to beath the White Sox 8-6 Tuesday night 
Will be at Manly Market & Mittagong on Saturday. Crows Nest  Fair and Kiama Market Sunday.  Hope to see you there 
"Yeah, Manchester folk love paying for Richard Leese's meal ticket whilst he sucks up to George Osborne. 
Floyd Mayweather fights next Saturday and no one is talking about it lmao 
Who wants to be a total babe and get donuts with me every Friday morning from Dunkin? 
@user Lol. Maybe Friday since I’m going to Georgetown. 
"""""@DKudlacek: Whos going to the millard north game tomorrow??"""" Who do they playy ?" 
John Cena may have suffered an injury tonight. #WWEHampton 
"Tomorrow, The Scandal Breaks: WWE Will Sever All Ties with Hulk Hogan 
The Rich List special edition will be available in Mumbai from today. Other cities can get it tomorrow onward. 
Mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w/ SIUE on November 10th because of football.  #siuenation  
Kevin Bacon, Paul Rudd and 8 Other Stars to Appear in Friday the 13th or Halloween Movies: Guess which famous fa... 
Playoff weekend starts tomorrow. Knicks Vs. Miami. And you know this! 
Australian Directioners!!! Girlfriend magazine are releasing special edition magazines of all the boys, starting tomorrow. Lou’s up first. 
Celtics game Saturday gotta find someone to go with me.. Lol 
"(Phone Arena) LG may update the Optimus 2X to ICS after all, releases source code 
Pretty floater by Bentley over Charles.   She has 7, Bone 6..Sun 13.  Stokes with the layin for her first hoop 
Gov. Obiano Revealed on Friday that the move to relocate Boko Haram prisoners to Anambra was concluded under GEJ! 
Kanye West created a sexual Mario video game in the 7th grade. The ghosts were replaced by floating vaginas. #funfact 
Good Monday Rockers! Today we are going to discuss the best robots in TV/Movie History. Rolling Stone magazine... 
As you may know I'm no lover of David Cameron, however his decision to authorise drone attacks to kill British terrorists was #SpotOn 
No footy as Wednesday ....you know Thursday Is spurs day (@ White Hart Lane Stadium) 
@user imma still wear it sometimes. I go to the doctor Thursday to see what's Gucci with it 
"don't want to leave during the middle of the Murray match, but I don't want to be dead for my 8:30 tomorrow #decisions" 
May of witnessed a girl punch a guy in the face last night and tackled him to the ground at davos 
May as well scribble out the 5 on the FIFA 15 disc and replace it with a 6. Basically identical bar Bale's hair &amp; Messi's tattoo. Shambles. 
My last post talked about listening to Bob Marley on a Thursday.  This Thursday I'm dealing with a house on fire.  #multi-skilled 
Debating if I wanna have Milan birthday party on the 14th or 21st of November.. 
@user that's because fratton may as well be the Gaza Strip 
Winner #3 #swagcorner at the Showdown 2012 FINAL SHOWDOWN | 4 July 2012 @ KL LIVE 
@user did ms zepp say she wanted us to bring in those dixie cups tomorrow 
"So, I'm going to Israel tomorrow." 
#Rangers Tweets: Rangers trail 3-0 entering the 2nd. Due up: Adrian Beltre Josh Hamilton @user #MLB 
@user ""Ahri... I can't guarantee you that we'll see stars coz the sun is literally always setting here in Twilight Town."" --" 
@user it may just need to happen. I'll bring my Netflix and all. Start a trend #noshame 
"Also, the 'not afraid' pictures are from after the Charlie Hebdo attack from January, not after the Parisian attacks." 
Mason behind Kane and Dier in the midfield. More like a pre season line up with everyone getting a game. Season starts on September 13th 
Tomorrow, #Apple better introduce an iPad large enough for me to stand on, with an app that'll transport me wherever I want to go. If not... 
@user how man joins,  Sikh,  Christians,  Parsi""??  the real Minorities   Muslim are 2nd biggest population in our country" 
i said it b4 dat gucci been promoting his mixtape 2 drop on 10/17 since august, Gotti just up & tried 2 come out on da same date 
After careful bar calculations and algorithms plus some algebra I have determined that the Vikings will lose Sunday. 
Wayne State (@wscwildcats) takes on Augustana College on Saturday at 1pm. The Wildcats (4-2) have won 4 straight against the Vikings. #NSIC 
Ask a kid watching the #VMAs where they were when Nicki called Miley out...now ask them what happen Nov 22 1963 (crickets). #SoSad 
Its official....selected to play in the Senior Bowl game in Mexico December 9-15. Now I just need a few conflicts to go my way. #Winnning 
@user @user  Still looking for ""not infringe on Gay marriage"" in the 2nd amend, gimme a minute." 
"Israel made some individual deportations. Be that as it may, 2 facts hold: 1.eritreans struggle to get in.  @user 
"I don't blame Lee, though. If I understand it correctly, Watchman is basically the messy 1st draft to the masterpiece that is Mockingbird." 
@user @user Made my own Naruto clan, it is called ""Ankoku Clan"". May I have it registered?http://t.co/caIyYVQWkf" 
Juventus are ready to let Simone Zaza go in January, with Arsenal interested in the 24-year-old striker. Fichajes - in Spanish 
When Jay-Z said, "Thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the Earth" 
@user Saudis have income from Haj and Umra also. That is 2nd main source &amp; comes from Muslims all over the world. @user 
I play cribbage at the Eagles Club on Thirsty Thursday. #partyanimal 
LAUREN Goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of Dancing on Ice, but that doesn’t seem to have stopped her from ha... 
LIVE AT 6: Tom Brady talks for the 1st time since his suspension was lifted and a shark washes onshore in Wellfleet. 
Mack sure you check out @user and @user this Saturday @ Club Bodi 
"July 17 @ the Prudential Center, Dean Ambrose vs. Seth Rollins World Heavyweight Championship Street Fight. Lets go SETH @user @user 
@user TOM HARDY should play BANE again... He should kill BATMAN when they want 2 replace like in the comics... The 3rd... KNIGHTFALL 
I wonder what my mom would say I I asked her about going to grand bend for may 24 
"Somehow I managed to """"lose"""" my princess leia bra on Saturday. I’m going to Noel Gallagher as """"Glock at Phish"""" ie jorts&tank. @user 
@user @user Rich bitch, come to the game on saturday, iguana will be there C: 
@user you hated him before the 4th preseason game. Now he's Tom Brady? Lol 
"in any time passing Discussion with Christians , they always Highlight Jihad in Islam.  Some of the Muslim may... 
'Swachh Bharat' appeared on Friday 3 at the 11th place in the Top20 of Pune's Trends: #trndnl 
@user Did it look like John Belushi? (you’re probably too young for that joke.) 
Something about October 10th makes me want to get wine wasted... Oh right bc it’s @user aka CBB’s Birthday!!! #bottlesonbottles 
I don’t know what y’all will be doing on November 1, but I’ll be in a Google+ Hangout with Jordy Nelson!! #squeeeeee 
Reminder: Go and see Ms. Murray first thing tomorrow morning in F206 if you still want to sign up for an interview! 
L L #Madonna In the Beginning [Gravity] by Madonna (#CD, Aug-1998, Gravity (USA)) #Celebrity #Buzz 
"Hey Members:  Protect Working Families is sponsoring an event this Saturday, October 27, at the Farmington Hills... 
@user @user @user  Its slow and not very good just 2 weeks in and then they stay the 3rd episode because of Labor day. 
May Allah forgive the souls of all the people killed in various senseless bombings by Boko Haram during Ramadhan and beyond including Gombe 
@user dont know. but sleeping at 11pm or may be 2am and then wake up for fajr means that guy must have internal attachment with Islam 
I will never refer to the 24th st park as Bob Marley "one love" park 
"John Cena VS Seth Rollins,the winner take all... This Sunday at SUMMERSLAM... 
@user November 10 & 11. Opening/Closing show tix are $25 through Ticketek. For the other shows it’s just a gold coin on the day :) 
David Price's last start against the Yankees on April 22:  2.1 IP | 10 H | 8 ER | 3 BB | 2 K 
Toujours #Mozart festival comes to Israel for the 1st time in 17 years- 
@user mhm I need sleep befor i go on the plane so i think imma go to sleep B on tomorrow when i get to mexico 
@user he may start from bench, it depends on the severity of Welbeck's knock." 
'Prince George' appeared on Tuesday 21 at the 15th place in the Top20 of Manchester's Trends: #trndnl 
Started my Friday off right with Dunkin 
Republican presidential hopeful Scott Walker spent the Saturday afternoon touring central Alabama. 
Here is the latest v2brainbuster - - Read the views of the current staff on Hulk Hogan amongst other topics 
10th Round:  Guess who.. It's very easy!!  First to 5 points gets the DM with Niall!! 
Justin Bieber's songs are the only ones I'm not skipping on the Spotify playlist I'm listening to. This may be a new low? 
Labor day is making me a day behind. Today's Wednesday but it feels like Tuesday 
@user @user @user @user @user game night at the ONeil household tomorrow @user #BeThere 
Gucci raft manes self-control august sprout up the brace thy minute twentieth-century securement towards all f... 
It'll be interesting to know what content Kendrick comes up with for his 3rd album and what it's conceptual conception will be about 
Boots Electric (Jesse Hughes from Eagles of Death Metal's band added at last minute to the show tomorrow night! Thur. 9/6 Doors @ 9pm. $5 
Find out about road closures on Saturday 1 &amp; Sunday 2 August, due to Pride Parade &amp; Village Street Party at #Brighton 
@user Let Rousey and Tate fight and have Cyborg on the same card at 135. If Rousey and Cyborg both win then have the fight in April 
trying to figure how long the walk from AZ to LA is..gotta see @user perform nov 7th.. the bf says if i walk there he’d pick me up (; 
@user @user @user any of you playing twilight @user tomorrow night?  I'll be there with @user &amp; folks #golow 
@user   BREAKING  NEWS Rock is return on Monday Night raw with help @user  and Dean Ambrose NOW COMPILATION IS EQUAL 
"Then what was said through the prophet Jeremiah was fulfilled (Ein Karem, Israel 07 October 2015) 
"Movies with Milan | Edge of Tomorrow With Tom Cruise, Star Wars and More   #RT #Follow #HHN24" 
Cate Blanchett may join the Marvel universe! Do you think she'd be a good fit? 
Ron Rivera says Cam Newton is playing the best football of his career. Are the Packers in trouble on Sunday?... 
Lol Red Sox just slid through 3rd base #out 
"People should stay after school tomorrow to help the NHS.. We will be watching """"The Woman In Black""""" 
Protecting a brand is about more than your trade mark: Red Bull may ... 
Agree with @user &amp; David Cameron. Rehoming migrants may help our morals but it doesn't fight the cause of problem 
@user  I have got to win ""what figure Wednesday"" I know that it is dean Ambrose and my Instagram is dez_is_here12 please!!!!!" 
The ban on the Islamic Movement in Israel: The morning of 17 December 2015 brought a new reality to the Palest... 
Q1 1:45. Trent Richardson rushed right to the Cleveland 43 for 1 yard. 3rd & 2. 
Is Shawn gonna be on Michael and Kelly tomorrow or is it a re run 
"I would be cautious saying all terrorists are dead remember Charlie Hebdo, a few came out the next day while they were looking for the 1st 2" 
"We will be exhibiting at the Milan Map &amp; Book Fair September 12th 11 am - 6 pm. Hotel Michelangelo,   20124 Milan... 
Are the SATs still on for Saturday at Clifton High? 
my little brother just told me that they're watching annabelle tomorrow but I told him that I already watched it 
Rush Limbaugh RBI Big Krit Halo 4 #SometimesYouHaveTo Is Lamar Odom really going to the D League ?http://t.co/AtJiGqfQ 
Starting to know how Paul Dunne felt yesterday walking to the 1st tee 
Things needed/wanted in no particular order: my bed, silence, dog, cold water with lemon, sun, sister 
lol Keller insinuating Ric Flair may have fed Meltzer the Cena is holding Charlotte down story. 
Dennis Kucinich to Run in the 6th District? 
@user you must have heard thor's comments on the 1st pitch he's not afraid that much we know 
"Bet money the headline from that acceptance speech tomorrow is just gonna be ""Kanye West high at the VMA's""" 
"The part in last friday night by Katy perry where they start chanting ""TGIF"" sounds like a sacrifice is about to happen" 
#AcehCenterID Iran placed 2nd in beach volleyball championships: Iran has finished as the r... #YSEALIReusableBag 
"Syria claims Israel hit 7 Hezbullah targets, Hezbullah denies it, Israel has no comment: It may have been anot... 
@user Lorenzo Beasley. He was killed on July 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and King Dr. 
View of my schedule for the rest of the week?? Today: work than class, Wed: HALLOWEEN at work, Thurs: Work YOUNG LIFE, Friday: Work than.... 
"the sports arena office.. (:""""@AdrianaGee Anyone know where I can buy arolladora tickets? For pico Rivera? On the 14th?? WSS sold out:(""""" 
I'm gonna try Dunkin donuts tomorrow for the first time what should I get ? @user @user 
ICYMI: Heres what you must know about Texas' decision to defund cancer screenings @ Planned Parenthood on Sept 1  
This may come as a shock to you but ..  Georgia is actually John Cena #illuminaticonfirmed 
"When Brentley turns 7.5 years old on Saturday, he'll be at half his life expectancy." 
"Pre-match briefing with Ginny:  ""So who are we seeing tomorrow? I mean, I know it’s the Crows, but who are they playing?""  ""Gary Ablett""" 
’Now Behold the Lamb, the precious Lamb of God, born in2 sin that I may live again, the precious lamb of God’ 
Harry Potter quiz night is on the 29th at Beerhouse in Fourways. 50 bucks pp. Teams of up to 6. 
I'm going to do some Dark Souls challenges. Tomorrow you'll get a challenge set to me by @user but I need a challenge (cont...) 
@user 3 months free ESPN given to anyone. Got a letter through the post yesterday. 
#Russia Media: Iranian Hackers Easily Took Over Computers of New York Dam: On Monday it was revealed that Iran... 
"Filmclub back Monday with ""Source Code"", a sci-fi techno-thriller with Jake Gyllenhaal, directed by David Bowie’s son! 
"Alessandro Matri, loaned out by Milan for the 7th time, joins @user on loan 
"Scott Walker in interview Sunday ""that building a wall along the northern border with Canada is legitimate issue that merits further review""" 
"Ellern: ""Someone alert the Real Madrid doctor team! Bale may experience back pain after carrying Wales to the quarterfinals in France!""#2016" 
"In here on Beasts of the Southern Wild, The Campaign, Resident Evil: Retribution, Warners' Crime Does Not Pay DVDs: 
Why a single trip to Israel may just transform you... | travel 
I wish you mum and my family journey mercies, as you travel to Kakamega to lay Hillary's body to rest tomorrow,... 
Arsenal midfielder content with draw 
"When I get a Moto G (3rd Gen) I will drop a brick on my Samsung GNex, filmed from multiple angles in 60fps, and make it into a cardboard vid" 
Dustin Johnson at the top of the leaderboard ! Dammit I guess that means it's only Thursday !!!! #nottheweekend #PGA 
@user Five year old decided he needed to follow a 2nd team when ABs not playing. Which one? After alot of thought: Tonga 
Rusney Castillo is not in the Red Sox starting lineup on Tuesday night against the White Sox. #RedSoxNation 
UPA trying to hide corruption with reform, FDI: Jayalalithaa: Chennai, Oct 6: Tearing into the Centre’s b... #india 
"Irish Times: McIlroy the agenda for topical debate: Golf:Rory McIlroy may be on a week off, but he remains in th... 
FRIDAY: China's first 10 years in the WTO.  Small fee for CLE.  IU students and faculty free. 
Who starts at QB on Friday? I’d play Nichols. Have said that all year. He had a big Q4 with key targets and has already played Calgary. 
@user Kane, a dog in your care back in July, was found loose today in G-town. Can you help us locate the owner?" 
"Surely everyone has heard of the ""Paul Dunne vs rules official"" on the 18th green in Statesborough story.  #worldwar3" 
RT @user RT @user The safest place to be in Tottenham tonight is the Spurs trophy cabinet. There's no chance of looters ... 
Sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on Temple Run #justbecause 
Will be streaming MGS Phantom Pain. Sengoku Basara video along with 2 Naruto videos will be uploaded tomorrow 
Hope there's a bit of fireworks between Undertaker &amp; Brock Lesnar tonight on #RAW before the big explosion at #SummerSlam this Sunday! 
"Red Sox getting rocked by the Yanks, trailing 11 to 1 going to the bottom of the 3rd.  Stephen Drew 3-run homer against his old teammates." 
T-BLUE joined the memorial service of the Great East Japan Earthquake at LOGOSLIFE CHURCH on March 10th. 
John Cena may be the only man alive who still rocks cargo shorts. #TitleforTitle #SummerSlam 
@user will you be in Toledo tomorrow for the Bearcats game? 
#Redskins defenders Stephen Bowen, Barry Cofield and Rob Jackson swarm Manning on 1st down! Cofield and Jackson credited with SACK! #HTTR 
Scott Walker turned a heckling incident at the Iowa State Fair on Monday into an opportunity to hawk his book and... 
Floyd Mayweather confirmed September 12 will be his last fight and he's happy to go out 48-0 
@user Did you get to meet Dean Ambrose on Saturday brother? #UpTheWallabies 
@user We set off from Manchester a few years back after a Fleetwood Mac concert, preesed 'navigate to home' on the sat nav and set 
Come check out the SMP ALLSTARS scenecity this friday, 150 pine st ne atlanta 30308. SATURDAY  REGGAE party JETT LOUNGE 3701 clairmont ATL 
#game Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (Nintendo NES, 1988):  $5.95End Date: Saturday Sep-12-2015 ... #eBayUS 
I may have just gotten my friend into kpop 
RT @user I'm making a date with somebody early to go to the show September 9 to see Kevin Hart any takers? --- meee 
@user oh. Well last time I saw colleges don't look at PSSAs. So if we want to compare how are your SAT scores and GPA? 
East York vs. Leaside Friday Night Lights with @user and the boys  
@user Yo. This reminds me. Are you going to Teengirl Fantasy and @user on Monday? 
@user I think he probably needs to be on a plane early tomorrow morning for it to happen. Milan always leaks everything 
"Frank Gifford dies. May the man rest in peace. An all-time great player and broadcaster, no question 
"There's so much misconception on Islam rn so showing Muslims being a fan, etc may make the citizens not hv any bad thoughts abt Islam" 
"RT @user According to reporters on the scene at practice, Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left ..." 
News Alarm: Carlos Beltran (RF - NYY) Carlos Beltran went 1-for-4 with a two-run home run on Wednesday night against the Red Sox. 
looks like im gonna be watching Kevin Hart: Laugh at My Pain for like the 20th time lol #SoBored 
Rousey would kill Floyd if she could catch him! #run floyd run 
I believe it just may be @user  to at least tie Ric Flair's World Title record, than the expected John Cena 
"Iron Maiden - Remember Tomorrow via @user Tune for the day, Old School Iron Maiden" 
Sting talks about Triple H and Seth Rollins - WWE Raw August 31 2015 
@user @user @user Those are pictures from the Charlie Hebdo rallies in January, guys." 
"I have a 3 page paper on 20th century film due tomorrow, but here I am, arguing over the merits of the Twilight franchise with a 14 year old" 
John Kasich is going to have a huge day in the polls tomorrow. What a slick move announcing so late. #GOPDebate 
"What's going on Sunday? (HEALTH, Thor, Okkervil River, Flamin' Groovies, H2O, Pill, Frankie Cosmos &amp; more) 
I read that Sun Times article and it did nothing to prove the theory that we should trade Kane. 
Ordered from @user Monday night, didn't ship Tuesday. The ninjas must have been hella busy with Labor Day sale orders. lol 
"New Moto X, Moto G, 2nd-gen Moto 360 smartwatch: All about Motorola devices ... - IBNLive 
If you aren't pulling for Paul Dunne tomorrow at #TheOpen2015 you have no soul. 
listened to Foo Fighters - Cold Day in the Sun 
@user This followed by a Big Brother eviction episode = greatest Thursday night TV lineup since the early '90s. 
#ACDC Twivia Question #2100: This AC/DC release was their 1st #1 LP in the USA. Rolling Stone magazine declared it to be their best album? 
@user @user Blue Murder's 1st album. 6 degrees of separation with Whitesnake, King Kobra, Vanilla fudge and Rod Stewart" 
"A 355-pound woman works to lose weight so she can start a family on #EMWL, ABC Sunday at 9pm" 
Long day tomorrow, University of Idaho and Eastern visits! 
Downloaded Joseph Prince - Keep Your Eyes On Jesus - 10 Jun 2012 with #RealPlayer 
just had a bad dream about digi mon and you were in it, you left me in ASDA car park alone too (digi was where pets at home is) @user 
In Irish cinemas August 21st: We've got some teen romantic drama arriving in the form of Paper Towns as well a... 
Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh will trim down the number of home based players in camp before the arrival of... 
"Coalition of the Unwilling: In the war on ISIS, U.S. allies Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Israel may be playing bo... 
@user Please tell me you’re coming over tomorrow morning so I can make you David Bowie. 
@user @user thing is that if we do separate time on Sat, it can make Rushers get on dif times so its not all together" 
#Bundesliga FT Bayern Munich 1-2 Bayer Leverkusen. Bayern Munich drop points in the Bundesliga for the 1st time this season! 
"For those not at Cedar Point on the 27th, be at #HallowFreakend ;) @ American Legion (31775 Grandriver Ave Farmington Hills 48336)" 
Wiz is the only thing playing today. Sorry Justin, you are going to have to wait until tomorrow. 
@user Tomorrow the price will be right for David Price will not be on the slate... 
Then the 1st song is Devils and the time on it is 3:16 and if you look at the bible verse John 3:16 
Club Bodi may be out the question tonight 
"gotta stay up &amp; watch Phillies replay to see if I made TV, bc that David Wright upper deck HR in the 2nd inning was right in front of me," 
@user Don't forget to remind the people that Daylight Savings Time ends 2am Sunday. Set you clocks back one hour. 
@user @user bobby Jindal is just trying to score political points and get into the debate Thursday 
"What Gameplay do yall want to see tomorrow? Smash, Naruto, DBX, Yugioh?" 
Rick Perry tomorrow morning at 8:15a with Robert Rees at The Iowa State Iowa State Fair 
Romo mentioned that he was from Brawley. And he’ll be at the bell game tomorrow :) 
 London Conference on Libya took place Tuesday 29 March 2011 and was chaired by the Foreign Secretary, William Hague. 
Henryville residents still waiting for help from the March tornados....more @ 6:30 on 90.1FM. 
11 in a row and David Price going tomorrow night? #LetsGo 
@user Yes and by big points. Similar to the cotton bowl last Saturday. 
@user my whole family is going to see Ant-Man on Friday before they leave though 
@user Are the rosters released for the Rising Stars game on Sat yet?? 
"squandering 4th Qtr lead losing to Packers 27-24 in the last seconds. At 2-3, the Dolphins will have to scratch &amp; claw back into playoff" 
Lamb of God concert on wednesday, formal on saturday, and 1st anniversary with my baby martin on sunday <3 
@user same haha. Yo I had 9th overall pick in a PPR. Went Dez over Julio. Feel like Cowboys have to throw a ton with Murray gone 
Grandparents Day at Providence is tomorrow! Check out the hand-made doilies our Girl Scouts made: 
"""I saw my father march with Martin Luther King"" & ""My father and I marched with MLK Jr. through the streets of Detroit"" 
The reason that Nurses Day is held on the 12th May each year is because this is the birth date of Florence... 
@user I don't get it, they hate Christians and march for Islam, Christians may not agree with their lifestyle but we don't kill" 
Ice Cube raw asf I never knew he's the creator of friday and boyz n the hood..  GOAT 
do u think I should be telling Niall abt these ships instead . @user what are u doin tomorrow ? I want to show u some boats 
@user @user true, true. But they gave luffy his gear 2nd, which I guess is the samething as Naruto's beast mode." 
if Nicki drags Miley at the vmas tomorrow i will literally drop dead 
the Milan game motivated them or what...? -_- they started scoring after having not scored in 5 out of 7 games... 
"#suvelo twilight #crit is on this friday! A,B,C grade available. sign-on from 5:30pm, racing starts at 6pm. $10 entry! spread the news!" 
Governor Mike Pence Must Go. He's the 2nd worst governor in the nation, only ahead of Bobby Jindal. @user @user 
"1st she said im gay, then she said im a drunkard, then she said im a player now she gives me her numbers without me asking her..---&gt; D" 
Just registered to watch live webcast with Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan at @user on Thursday #UN 
Taylor Allderdice is a sick mix tape too. Convinced all Wiz is good wiz, hyped for the album dropping Dec 2nd! 
Think I might go see the Zac Brown band in December at Joe Louis! Anyone interested in goin? 
Dana white just said McGregor looked great @ weigh ins and made it easily.Thats 1st ballot hof just sayin stuff @user @user 
"Last two service games started well only to be whittled away at. Still, Murray wins second game on the trot to make it 3-5 in 2nd set." 
#BlueJays Mark Buehrle will have his next start pushed back an additional day until Monday against the Red Sox.  
Someome should take me to the movies tomorrow or Wednesday to see Paper Towns. 
@user are you likely to be showing the Everton v Chelsea game in the club before the game on Sat? If not any local pubs showing it? 
SCOTUS specifically &amp; unambiguously cited the 14th amend in their rulings on marriage equality.  
Sam Smith is tomorrow and I can't even with myself 
"Why Sami Khedira Is the Piece AC Milan Are Missing: Carlo Ancelotti may not be coaching AC Milan anymore, but ... 
Tomorrow's national hot dog day 
Theater review: The Blue Man Group at Winspear Opera House ignites wonder and exposes the inner child in all of us 
"Ronda Rousey fight on Facebook may fuel copyright critics: ... Facebook FB 0.14% , the UFC and Rousey at least... 
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon clips - Maya Rudolph, @user @user  @user @user 
I don't particularly like Iran.  Glad they are doing the right thing to bolster their defence against those #drones  
Niall is going through mood swings right now so hopefully he's all good by tomorrow night 
"Jennifer Lawrence wary about doing love scenes with ex Nicholas Hoult: London, Oct 15 : Jennifer Lawrence is r... 
Justin Bieber in Devonshire as the relation of her two ladies may be no notice it. 
Once I see Beyonce's blonde ass weave tonight, I'll forget who I am until tomorrow. 
@user which 3rd place Big Brother Contestant deserved to win their respective season the most? 
"I've not read Mehdi Hasan's article yet. When I do I may owe some people an apology. However, we need to keep in mind the role of religion." 
Check out some live jazz music from David Taylor and Tom Ogunribido today from 12-2pm in the LPC Student Center 2nd floor dining area! 
Got invited to the Chris Brown concert and I have class tomorrow :( 
If you live in the South Orlando area, be on the lookout. @user has its 6th site opening on October 30th near the Florida Mall! 
I'm only ok with 3rd floor playing Snoop Dogg this early because I'm still on a gangsta rap high after seeing Straight Outta Compton #dope 
Help White Arrows in their Invisible Children campaign! See em at the Bottle next Friday with Family of the Year... 
"Monday Buddhist: The Truth is in all the ten directions, straight is the way to Nirvana. Buddha" 
Not going to as it is Not seeing Jamie, kyle and Nic Saturday  Probably not see Chelsea Saturday  Shitty weekend that ended with breaking 
"- @user @user @user still the talk is world class. Dinho was still world class then. 2nd season at Milan, seems you forget so soon" 
On Radio786 100.4fm 7:10 Fri Oct 19 Labour analyst Shawn Hattingh: Cosatu's role in the context of unrest in the mining 
i may have to move to cuba if he does 
@user I knew u in 8th grade and I'm pretty sure it probably had something to do with twilight 
"Imagine thinking Hulk Hogan is rting all these tweets, the people who run his account who are doing it, hes prob at a kkk march or something" 
@user 1st love the icon. 2ndly I kno ure in the Bad Blood MV but even TS voted 4 someone else! #WorthItVMA 
@user I cant see Rousey fighting you Jan 2 because she's filming a movie after &amp; u would destroy her face. You deserve the big payday 
OCT 25!! Night of the Living Cover Bands! The Coma Recovery as Depeche Mode * Cowboys and Indian as Motley Crue * distances as Garbage *... 
@user but a friend of Briana said that Louis may not be the dad because she's also hooking up with other guys that time 
Second suggestion for the GOP Debate: Give John Kasich 5 minutes of uninterrupted time to explain why he's 10th out of these 10 dudes. 
Queens of the Stone Age’s Regular John from Glastonbury during the Song For The Deaf tour & Dave Grohl sat on the stool 
@user Presidents' Day, April fools day, Easter, Mother's Day, memorial day, and Father's Day? Then you get your PERMIT?!" 
@user Download of the wkend. Just coz Runrig are playing in Inverness after game tomorrow. """"Dance Called America - live"""" by Runrig." 
"Also Zac Brown Band will officially go for adds on September 21 with ""Beautiful Drug."" You already know how much I hate this." 
Imagine if Paul Dunne wins the Open tomorrow and some nonce had a bet on him at 1500/1... 
Exclusive Interview with James Martin in our Jan/Feb issue. Want to promote your Valentines menu or any Jan offers? e:craigmaplesden@sky.com 
"Real Madrid news: 5 September 2015: Bale shines with Wales, France beat Portugal 
Angela Merkel's Humane Stance on Immigration: Would that we heard more from the Canadian campaigns on this topic. 
"Nearly mid-October...Best dust off the old Misfits, Nekromantix and Nerve Agents MP3's ready for their token halloween week listening #ghoul" 
@user @user   I also thought Seinfeld episode for the hair but I'm going with 6th grade class photo. 
@user ahh okay :) well they are playing in Aussie at Soundwave fest on the 24th. What other bands do you like? 
"Seeing Ant-Man tomorrow, flat, it just isn't worth $40 *more* to see it in 3D. We'll just have to use our imaginations." 
Hours to go for Apple event, here's the word on the streets: Were just 2 hours away from Apples September 9 ev... 
On the set of the Axis of the Nigerian Economy, airing every tuesday 8:30pm on NTA international (DSTV) 
If you are in Vancouver this weekend, check out @user on Sat. at 20:00 @ The Commo in Vancouver, BC #concert 
Where do you think @user will end up come January/summer transfer window?   My guess; Atletico Madrid. 
So now I gotta decide between going to see Duelo or heading to Wild Bills with friends Saturday... 
Its going down on Friday at EKO HOTEL @user will be LIVE in Lagos.... performing at the SUMMER JAM FEST ..have you gotten ur tickets 
May 31st the Angels faced David Price on SNB as a member of the Tigers. He walked 4 batters. Only 1 run scored off it. 
"Buddhist meditation: Even though the body may yield to death, the mind in a state of nirvana does not die. Buddhadasa Bhikkhu" 
#nowplaying the no.1 hit of Janet Jackson - Escapade from March 3 till March 17 at the #Billboard top 100 | @user 
"It sounds weird the thought of someone dancing to 'TIHTY' on a club but c'mon, not everyone knows what the song is about #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
Totally curious with Dream High 2.. Wanna watch this drama asap! Wanna compare it with the 1st one.. Still theres a loooooooong holiday (y) 
@user Seth Rollins had a title match with John Cena  Seth Broke his nose And now people want title shots cause cena may not make it 
The Royals got Cueto for Tuesday night. They don't want Thor is game 7 
Will this be the major that Dustin Johnson finally grabs? via @user 
Steelers will travel to New York on Sunday for Giants game: The Pittsburgh Steelers face the New York Giants on ... 
H(USE) compares two different versions of the same track. Terry Jacks and Nirvana have 'Seasons in the Sun'. 
ONE DAY Dean Ambrose will the WWE Champion the date April 3 2016 #wrestlemania32 NOTHING WILL STOP the #LunaticFringe 
Guarantee if I go to maths tomorrow ill spend the whole time talking 
Big Thurs coming in HS Football: Richwood @ Ouachita, Grambling @ OCS, & St. Fred @user Will have you covered all wk @user 
Open day at Ashton Sixth Form tomorrow: 10am to 1pm #ASFCclassof2015 
@user I'm sitting here with my belt, in jean shorts watching Cena win his first title. I think we tie for 1st my friend xD" 
Marina will be performing an acoustic set on the 1st of August as part of Rolling Stone mag's 'Chicago: live' event: 
Cowboys @ Jets will be the first late night game on Sunday on Channel 4 (via @user Will be an emotional occasion on 9/11 anniversary. 
One of these days the sun is gonna come out again... Grey, rainy, cloudy day after day in #TDot #Toronto 
Curtis would be the only school to have class tomorrow. 
We made the last line of the St. Louis Post review of Amy Schumer's show. Tues. &amp; Wed. we are JazzStandardNYC solid! 
Headed back to Huntsville this weekend just for this Alumni stuff goin down Friday 
"David Wright isn't in the lineup tonight. We're going to look into this, folks. There may be an injury situation to report. Fingers crossed." 
Gucci bags ego ideal profound secret february strip bare the duadic yours substance entrance access upon shark... 
"heading to West Wylong tomorrow for a couple of hours of Dr Who, Star Wars, Vikings and mexican food... as you do" 
Super Eagles camp update Report has it that Super Eagles first choice goalkeeper and captain Vincent Enyeama may... 
Im really nervous as i have gotten to the 4th ninja war in Naruto (the manga) although i know what happens from watching the anime 
"Hamid Gul though he damaged Islam and Muslims, thinking he is doing good to Islam and Muslims, but being a human I pray he may rest in peace" 
@user Tomorrow night if u in Milwaukee stop thru Club Pulse and check us out... Across the street from the Bradley Center 
He can't dribble cos in Spain (like many EU countries), dribbling is seen as disrespectful, he has to play 2nd to Messi... 
Check out tonight’s #Fan4Racing show! Lot’s of talk about Danica Patrick & you may be surprised by her stats. #NASCAR 
Pretty sure brainwashing doesn't work on May. She is like the female version of Chuck Norris. 
Everybody about to be half naked tomorrow 
Don’t forget the Hawks game against LSH of Friday Nught. 7.45 KO at the Woodlands. 
"Last of the original, inimitable Monday Night Football crew. Frank Gifford, N.F.L. Star &amp; Broadcaster, Dies at 84 
"""""@StaySchemin_RNS: Who all going to the Berkmar game tomorrow?"""" Meeee" 
Hi @user sorry we don't have PO in SM North EDSA but you may try our post office at NIA Road Quezon City. 
Don't get me wrong I think Ray Rice deserves a 2nd chance in the NFL and in the court of public opinion but Ryan Braun can't have that smh 
tried to order a Nike case for my phone &amp; that shit said expected shipping October 2nd nah nvm lmfao I'll get the charger case instead 
Israel is finally going on the offensive. via @user 
This is a picture of me praying for nirvana while the sun screams pain and the pumpkin shouts kiddy consequences 
Sam Smith recorded Spectre's James Bond theme 'Writing's on the Wall' way back in January: If you ever want so... 
@user I say either June 7th or 8th we play hooky from work and check out the Red Sox and Giants in SF 
Going to PA tomorrow then doctor Monday then after going to Summersville (: #yaya 
"ESPN also. RT @user To those asking, you can watch our game tonight live vs Chi Taipei at 7pm on Aktv ibc13! Spread d word!" 
David Cameron was at my college on wednesday , what the actual fresh hell is this ? 
"#ReasonsIAmAWrestlingFan Macho Man,HBK,Bret,Roddy and others who got me 1st hooked on it." 
"Also, the highlight of the Open was Paul Dunne's 3rd round and the rugby fields beside the 18th hole." 
"You missed the part where Saudi Arabia stated price hike is keeping in line with INTERNATIONAL ENERGY PRICES, right? 
yeaaa it’s goin down this Sunday @ Jays 2!!! Come & help yah girl Tressa Celebrate her 26th BDAY!!! Your already know what time it is!!! ... 
my mom tomorrow: why are you so tired me: [flashbacks to watching chris evans interviews all night] me: uh 
SEC lunch links: Some linkage for you on a Thursday:  Alabama will throw some different thin... #sec #ncaa #sports 
Katy Perry left her handprints outside the famed Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on Tuesday night -- not that anyone... 
@user 2.30 tee time for Paul Dunne tomorrow. He's playing with Louis Oosthuisen. Podge Harrington out at 2.10 #TheOpen #COYBIG 
*sends bae video of drake looking at nicki like she the sun* why u dont look at me like that 
Join us for Bed, Breakfast and evening meal on Monday 3rd December and have James Martin cook your dinner and then come out to greet you. 
Tomorrow afternoon let's do Raiding with Subs on PS4. Have not raided all week. Links to follow in the morning. 
@user There are going to be plenty of ups & downs for Boro,Cardiff,Leicester etc until May.I hope we are still in with a shout for promo 
On life people are sleeping on Mike Rodgers. If USA wants a decent shot at beating the Jamaicans in Rio I suggest they put Rodgers on 1st 
"Only dance I'm surprised didn't make the 10th #SYTYCD anniversary show was ""The Garden.""I bet Mark's ""KPop"" one replaced it. Still got Mark!" 
I'm gonna have breakfast with my friend tomorrow and then we'll see Ant-man 
#worldcup Rivalry with Ronaldo key to Messi's success: Kluivert: Barcelona, Sep 6 (IANS) Lionel Messi is... #news 
Jeb Bush's new stance on Trump: Bring it on: For the second day in a row on Wednesday, the Bush campaign went ... 
Federer is gonna be playing in the championship on the first sunday of the nfl season. Tough decisions 
"By the end of today I will have worked 14hrs, done my workout and attended part of Hot Jam. Hitting the ground running this Monday." 
help help it is thursday and my brain is saying hey remember back when an episode of Hannibal would be airing in 2 hours in Canada 
Packing for Italy - starting with Arena di Verona tomorrow then heading to Cesena, my hometown. Piadina Romagnola... 
Kainis! Bukas na pala first day ng Secret Love (Sungkyunkwan Scandal) sa ABS-CBN. Eh may pasok kami bukas. Diaje naman oh! 
"Jiujitsu with punches and cardio today, back at it at one tomorrow." 
@user nah we're driving up for Eid in Rochdale which is on the 22nd I believe, so I'll just stay an extra night" 
be sure to pick up a ticket for our show at the Rex Theatre, August 9th, Here! -> 
Anyone wanna buy 2 Jason Aldean tickets for this Thursday at Darien lake? You can camp with me and Dj for free! 
#ff @user the NW’s finest DJ, on air in Yorkshire today, Lancashire tomorrow and Liverpool on Sunday!! Tune in and give him a listen x 
"Kendrick Lamar really hurt me at the end of Black Friday ""I'm Just Playing With Y'all""" 
Seeing as you have to be apart of Amazon Prime to watch certain shows, I may have to join to see the rest of The Man in the High Castle. 
The march of the Black Queen #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga 
Is it February yet? Need the new J. Cole album (with Kendrick?). 
"Leaving now for the long drive to Detroit, had about 3 hours of sleep after Chicago last night, but wide awake! See some of you tonight!!!" 
Bird on the Wire is one of the 1st songs I learned as a child. And now daddy and I go see Leonard Cohen! 
#Apology to Jeb Bush for John Dempsey for picking "Boring" as the 1st word he thinks of to describe him. 
If DDG is stuck here till Jan, can we offer him to Barca just to annoy Madrid even more. 
Dr. D just told me that she was going to miss me on Friday when I am gone to Hot Springs. #bestteacherever 
"1st we are out and see Tayshaun Prince; @user has no idea who he is. 2nd I ask if he knows who Rousey is. ""She that wrestlin bitch?""" 
"Father of dead Canadian reservist says son just wanted to help people: Kirby Tott, the Prince George reservist who died Saturday on b..." 
"Make plans now to join us in December for Christmas concerts in North Carolina, Maryland and Florida.  Share the... 
Friday's Top 10: Gerald Green rises above the everyone in Friday's Top 10. 
@user . So long as Arsenal finish 4th, CL is confirmed, Mr Wenger will remain as manager. Realistically, we can not win the PL. 
Networking Nirvana starts September 24th. If you want to learn how networking can help you grow your business: 
"The 1st mosque in the history of Islam was : A.Nabave  B. Al Harm C. Quba D. Zarar  Ans: C P0sted by Admin Adnan Mashokhel  "" 1=13 SaHaRa """ 
Anyone: hey Julie what'd you do last night  Me: nothing just creeped Mariah Carey's instagram until the sun came up 
Going back to school on Monday and gonna get threw it by listening to Shawn all day   #schoolphotoselfie 
#Lincoln Imagine running from the Capitol to the White House 4 an answer from Lincoln during the vote on the 13th Amendment 
"After the Great East Japan Earthquake on March 11 last year, the performance of the spectacularly tall Tokyo Sky... 
Lady Gaga and Beyonce really need to stop playing and make that 3rd music video 
Interesting post on "the inside" of Monsanto and it's controversy: #gmo #farminglife #educateyourself 
I just got to come to terms and accept it's not July 41  And frank ocean will never drop his album like he said he was 
If you're looking for the national stockpile of Nike Roshes or coconut water you'll find it at Monday night yoga at Ponsonby Central. 
Charlie Rose with rich Lowry, Mort Zuckerman, Charles Cook, Karen Tumulty, Roger Simon & David Sanger (March 2, ... 
"Zinedine Zidane is saying he wants to be Real Madrid's Pep Guardiola, that's the man that got their 3rd division team relegated." 
@user @user Related, I'd now to like see Tom Brady, another 6th round pick, tweet the exact same thing" 
"Why is """"Happy Valentines Day"""" trending? It’s on the 14th of February not 12th of June smh.." 
Details about NC State's Saturday exhibition against Belmont Abbey. Game will start 30 minutes after football. 
Mayweather insists Berto will be his last foe: Floyd Mayweather insists his September 12 showdown with Andre B... 
And I'm still wondering where the fuck Frank Ocean is  
The Clippers getting the 3rd or 4th spot in the West........Lamar Odom is going to be a factor 
Demon Gaze, a next-gen Dungeon RPG for the the PlayStation Vita [1st trailer and screens]: Kadokawa Games today ... 
PIECE OF MIND by IRON MAIDEN was no.14 in the UK album charts on 20 July 1983 
Morrison and Truth tonight? I thought that match would be at Summerslam. Oh well. #Raw 
I didn't get to see the Tennis match between Venus and Serena, But I did record it.....I will watch it tomorrow..... 
The Sixers better smash the Knicks on Sunday. 
"Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it follow==&gt;@djawinet" 
"Passionate about CNIS' work, be a rep at Ten Thousand Villages in your hometown on Mar 8 - Winnipeg Plaza 134 Plaza Dr." 
"Excuse the connectivity of this live stream, from Baba Amr, so many activists using only one Sat Modem. LIVE #Homs" 
(a) "Things" don't "bounce off" Batman.  That's Superman. Batman dodges. (b) Trump isn't a playboy, he's married.  
Billy said he’s pitching at the Rising Stars on Saturday AND playing centerfield. #BugsBunnystyle 
"Stewart says hes gonna tell Brock Lesnar how he feels, lol #WWE #SummerSlam Results - 
"It has been confirmed! One Direction will be on Ellen at Burbank, Calif. studio for a huge concert event on the 9th of November.MYTACHS DAY" 
Watching Kris Jenner Tyga probably been over for several Sunday dinners already. Planning when he gon drop the Jenner-Stevenson sex tape 
Republican hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday that she feels like the only candidate going after Hillary Clinton and asked why Donald Trump 
"Kim Kardashian, Kanye West -- When It Comes To Ugly Xmas Sweaters ... Kanye Is King: Kim Kardashian may be the... 
@user I know, they are also headed to the Bell Center on Feb 27th, i’m really debating about going! 
Can Cate Blanchett win her 3rd Oscar with TRUTH? Check out her acclaimed performance today &amp; see for yourself 
Some key changes between the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Note 4 may be welcomed by some and shunned by... 
"The winner of the Ed Sheeran lookalike competition sponsored by ""Balls of Fire"" is... 
"When Lil' Kim made Black Friday she was a villain, but Nicki gets praised for calling out Miley at the VMAs when Miley barely said anything" 
Chris Davis leads MLB with 165 Ks (32.2%)  Kris Bryant 2nd at at 150 (30.0%).  Walker leads SL at 34.9 pct.  2nd place is 28.4. 
Monday nights will never be the same #RIP #MondayNightProject @user feel like U2 with or without should closexout the night 
"MT @user Boehner asks Obama to move speech to Thurs || Forget U @user ""with or w/o U"". Tues works for me." 
I want to see a 5th Twilight book where Renesme diablerizes Bella and Edward before starting a reign of terror. 
Espindola double rocks Galaxy: The star-studded Los Angeles Galaxy may have to face one more game in the MLS Cup... 
@user @user I want June after Johnny Cash’s wife and Harrison after George Harrison from the Beatles! 
Let August &amp; Kendrick get on the same track &amp; watch the world crack!... Slowly 
"May Allah remove the hardships from the Muslims in #syria, allow them to live in peace. Sad to see small children... 
I’ve got 2 tickets to see Leonard Cohen in Rosemont, IL on November 23 that I can’t use. Anyone interested? Face value is about $300. 
"Fiorina blasts Clinton, asks why Trump is MIA - Republican hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday that she feels like t... 
Offense can't back Leake in Giants debut: Josh Hamilton shattered the offensive silence Sunday at Globe Life P... 
Yo! Chelsea! remember when Barca said Fabregas was poo poo in the 2nd half of the season. No refunds 
Foes to city, HISD, HCC bond measures emerge. The antis make 1st appearance just 3 wks b4 election day. 
@user Courtney!! Do you know if that emotion scrapbook thing for health is due tomorrow? 
"Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto, Sept 12th at the MGM Grand, live on SHOWTIME PPV @user @user 
@user May as well call it the Chris Evans car show, it will be easier to avoid then" 
Grateful Dead Open 2nd Set with "Cold, Rain and Snow" via @user 
What are the FAFSA and a Pell Grant? | Begin College: What are the FAFSA and a Pell Grant? October 26, 2012 Cate... 
Didnt the 49ers learn from the NFC Championship game back in January? 
OCT 27TH // ONE SPORTS LOUNGE // MONTA ELLIS (of the Milwaukee Bucks) // JRE RILEY // M.B.M. // $500 CASH PR rCvKg6Rz 
"Oliseh, Super Eagles coach eager to prove critics wrong: New Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh is determined to show he... 
July 19 (Infostrada Sports) - Scores from the British Open at the par-72 course on Sunday in St Andrews -12 Paul Dunne (Ireland) 69 69 66 
@user shege don't comw I'm going to abj tomorrow 
"#DirectionersFuneral  watch this Kpop fans bc this is first and last time when you see yourself on 1st place in trend,you should thanks us" 
So apparently today is Carly Fiorina Sunday on all the talking heads show. This is a job for Netflix! 
Frank Gifford did more than just Monday Night Football for ABC.  Also a fill-in host for Good Morning America and late night for Olympics 
@user We should take over the world and change Monday to PANCAKE DAY 
WE ALL KNOW IT'S NOT ADELE. SHE ALREADY CONFIRMED NOVEMBER. apparently frank ocean has a album release party so i'm assuming it's not him 
@user just back from doing a car boot . Bring the sun back with some Bob Marley. 
Where could the Il Divo guys be performing tomorrow night? Tell us where you think they are 
@user Kevin Hart is on comedy central right now..is it the show from Sunday? 
@user Wednesday? Idk whenever America day is ... I think lol 
Kendrick got nominated 11 times but he may only win 2 
Cafe Asia for the bday tomorrow night 
Another 4 hours of Science tomorrow before I’m at my grandma’s for three days and KWVR for the HST and Standard 4 on Saturday! #WeekendPlans 
@user Antonio, do you have time to talk on Monday about monsanto's new spray? For greenhouse -- a show on @user 
Weekend Playlist - Vol1 - Every Friday im going to post a weekend playlist of my favorite tunes for the... 
@user so did many and IRA bomb, these people are now free from prosecution under the good Friday agreement #whatsfairforone" 
You know you're a nerd when- Your hair person tries to book an apt on Dec 18. Nope. Can't. That's a holiday. Star Wars Day! 
And the race between Arvind Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi to be the leading Indian standup comic just heated up 
Fact: Sunglasses are invented to protect the sun against the eyes of the mighty Chuck Norris. 
"Come and see Sophos at stand C10 and C20 on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday at #InfoSec and learn more about 'Complete Security'" 
Chris Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich make last two spots 9 &amp; 10 of Republican presidential candidate TV debate this Thurs on FOX. 
@user am i gonna see you in dunkin tomorrow 
"For #FDC2015 on August 1st, I'm going to be on a lake in Northern BC just outside of Prince George. Time to FISH! 
"It's going to be a somber set tonight for Curtis Painter's Nickelback cover band, Something In Your Mouth." 
Career Fair tomorrow in the Murphy Center from 10 to 2pm. Dress in business attire and bring your resumes. 
King Bear profound thought for day.  Is getting drunk and watch the Lady Gaga videos on Monday gay? 
The first cast pic from the new season of Being Human @ Who’s excited for January 14th @user 
Obama hopeful his reset with Nigeria can boost fight against Boko Haram: President Obama on Monday praised new... 
SUNDAY'S PRACTICES..... I hope you can join us.  8:30am. Hot Yoga w/ Deirdre Trama 9:00am. Open Flow Clarissa... 
Sat with the new Iron Maiden album and a cup of tea - writing the final few bits of my paper. #Bliss 
@user @user @user one of the clients had it today. We get it tomorrow. I’m hoping I notice unlike HD TV! 
England to play Haryana in the third warm-up game in Ahmedabad that starts Nov 8 ahead of the first Test on Nov 15 #cricket #indveng 
"Paul Dunne shares TheOpen lead after 54 holes. If it holds, would be 1st amateur to do so since Bobby Jones (1927). 
@user Oh i’ve got Tim Howard tomorrow as well! how many points you get today? 
Postseason prep is underway. Big East quarterfinal vs. either UC or Marquette is Saturday at Card Park. Are you ready? 
@user @user @user Nope, it’s just Camden, eating Greek food with a pumpkin... Just another Wednesday. 
"I sense the second Dana white family hype train coming to an end tonight, and another one saturday" 
Getting my vans either Thursday or Friday for the game 
@user @user @user the option should be in Windows update. You've got a month. Clean install may be better... 
"Walking out of Dunkin and the guy says ""okay, see you tomorrow!""" 
@user just show them the last episode of Game Of Thrones , on 2nd thoughts , Don't !  lol 
Excellent. Looks like a quiet Saturday night. I can finally focus all my energy on analyzing the Hulk Hogan story. 
Sorry, billionaires! Might have to go all the way to SCOTUS. Pro tip: Try FULLY FUNDING your projects next time.  
"Every Human being is born with innate tendencies towards Monotheism, later in life his parent may turn him to other religions beside Islam" 
@user you stay in Pico Rivera right ? I’ll be there all Saturday and Sunday. So if I run into you there I’m just sayin my cousins 
Tomorrow morning I'll tell you what @user and @user talk Purple Line and the future of the ICC in Maryland. #mdtraffic #moco 
"End-time #Bible prophecy?: Saudi Arabia announces ""military alliance."" This may fulfill ""King of the South"" prophecy soon. Daniel 11:40." 
My memory tells me that Frank Gifford was the 1st  athlete I asked for an autograph. I was a youngster and he was a Giant. At a Yankee game 
For second time, Eagles make stop -- and commit a penalty. PI on Kendricks gives Atl another 1st down. Groundhog Day lives. 
@user set Kanye West up w/the perfect opportunity to rebound from the Taylor Swift shenanigans &amp; instead he sat on the ball &amp; spinned. Unreal 
Just finalized advanced ICS training course description with Luigi Auriemma. He will be  teaching the Friday after #s42013 
"First Weekend takeaways: Tom Brady received no bump at all from judge's ruling. Even without suspension, he's still the 9th-10th QB taken." 
Art on the Town Friday November 2: 6 brand new locations! 
"Vikings vs. Redskins! Feel the intensity in person! Sunday, Nov. 2nd! Sign up by Oct 24th at Uni. Rec in Hilltop! Only $85!! Sign up TODAY!!" 
David Wright coming back tomorrow highly increases the chances of me putting up an MCM Instagram. Not even a little bit ashamed. 
Get your tickets to see Amy Schumer when she performs at BB&amp;T Center this Saturday Or... 
RT @user 1st rule of the code: Don't get caught  #Dexter 
Premium Version of the IPad 2 May Be in the Works 
Britain’s out of the recession? I give it till February. 
this is like the 10th selfie of posted today looks like im turning into alli simpson oops 
"jc turned water into wine, died for our sins and raised from the dead on a Sunday godbless (jc = john cena)" 
Who’s going to A$AP Rocky on Sunday at House Of Blues? 
Warren Buffett may admire Bernie Sanders but he's not backing him. He says that Bernie won't win, i hope he's wrong. 
lola Vancouver's Pride Parade - Sun Protection - HereInVancouver has added a photo to the pool: 
Gucci bags alter certainty january evince the two yours symptomatic present-time relationship for technical ta... 
"Tom Brady may be considered great but he will always have an * by his name,just like Barry bonds." 
Also need to be at least accredated in ACT or REBT before the end of 4th yr. 
Middle East Online: WASHINGTON - Egypt’s new Islamist president, Mohamed Morsi, urged the United States late Sat... 
"Catholics give up stuff for Lent, Jews are fasting today...being Presbyterian is starting to feel like the """"Casual Friday"""" of religions! ;)" 
And with the almost guaranteed draft day swap of picks, the Pats will get a 4th rounder back when they inevitably move down in the draft. 
Who going to Jouvert tomorrow ? 
@user Where's the ""Moto G (3rd gen): Initial Review &amp; Soup Test"" video?!" 
BLUE News: Today I am going to dry out the show gear whilst the sun is out. It got very wet at the Great Yorkshire Show 
Twilight view of the City of Sin from my 28th floor room lasvegas Bellagio whatBPTC 
REMINDER!!! Join Prince George's County Council Chairman Mel Franklin on Sunday August 30th from 3pm to 6pm as he... 
Less than 5 months after the last legislative elections  Erdogan's gamble may not solve Turkey poll impasse... 
Working these 11 a days lol about too pay off @user it's al.out time PS4 should be in the spot this Thursday 
"we may be playing San Marino, but it's good to Kane get on the scoresheet" 
High Pay Centre is hosting Business in Crisis at #Con2012 tomorrow 6:30pm Jurys Inn with Jesse Norman & Guy Opperman 
Tempted to get a Droid Bionic today but rumors of the Nexus/Droid Prime in November are keeping me from getting one. 
Cops are closing in on the guys who robbed Chris Brown's home in July and it appears they have gang affiliations. 
Don't worry Paul Dunne will slap it around 78 times tomorrow 
Final hours for 2012 STN challenge.  Groups working on first drafts.  Tomorrow 2 pm HST is the DEADline 
#SerieA 2nd half between Milan and Hellas Verona has just been started! current score 0-0 #ac ver 
@user As usual, @user has the most compelling argument in favor of Christians to exercise their 1st Amendment religion rights." 
Hint #2:  @user raced in the first SSCX race in New England.  He was, of course, 5th/6. 
"Church member told me mtg tomorrow @ 1st Baptist is """"BYOB"""". Asked if he told them 2nd 'B' didn't mean 'brownbag' in our church. He laughed." 
briana is gonna be gone literally all day tomorrow..... i'm about to be in her house by my lonesome. might cry 
I hope tho hive will be fast to upload the video and audio of the performance tomorrow so I can have it on my ipod 
Cebu’s Original Lechon Belly in Parkmall joins the Bazaar in IT Park next Fri.-Nov 9. Taste the Boneless Lechon Belly the way it was created 
Rahul Gandhi wished advance new year since will have no time on Eurotrip to wish ppl or may b he isn't going Europe at all  #PappuonChutti 
"Blog Post: Vice President Joe Biden to Present the Top Ten List on CBS’s ""Late Show with David Letterman,"" Thursday,... 
Just delivered  a speech on IEBC preparedness for the March Election at ICJ conference at Mombasa Continental 
just finished watching Nandito Ako for the 2nd time around @user We Wait For David Archuleta 
Britain may be in for a new bout of flooding in the coming months, the Environment Agency warns, as 6 Oxon waterways remain on flood alert. 
"Taylor told Nicki weeks ago she can come on stage if she wins an award &amp; Nicki was ""nah bitch ima bring you on stage so I can do it 1st""" 
I’m going to Black Light Burns at Underworld, Camden in London, United Kingdom - Feb 14 
Trying to make plans to get my tattoo tomorrow and go see Paper Towns. 
"I walked into dunkin donuts in an Eagles shirt and the guy said ""you have a game tomorrow"" and I said ""what"" and then I said..." 
i'm going to be so inactive tomorrow so if niall has a follow spree pls spam for me 
@user will be performing this Saturday on #SNL and he just did a promo with fuckin' Thor:  
Fact: this was 8th grade at 5:00pm ...I was as dramatic as Kim Kardashian when she had psoriasis.. 
@user is hosting Joe Bermudez Friday night in the Wildcat Den! Free for students! Listen to LAUNCHPAD tonight, 8pm. 
Juventus and Schalke might reach an agreement soon, but it will most likely not be before tomorrow. Intermediaries are still negotiating. 
Have you seen this man? Investigators with @user say that he robbed a Dunkin' Donuts on Tuesday afternoon. 
@user I know!! I don't work til Friday so we should probably do something if Dunkin isn't holding you prisoner 
We got tickets for the Late Show with David Letterman which will air tonight!  Look for us in the 3rd row.  Billy Crystal is the guest. 
We're watching Sharknado 3 a month late. They might as well set the 4th one in Iceland &amp; continue to try and pass off scenes filmed in Cali 
Murray going for more swear words than south park the movie! C'mon Andy you can turn this around! #usopen #passion 
@user @user We are actually playing on Saturday, January 19 - the week prior to the Senior Bowl. 
Dana White ontitle shot: 'He'll get whatever he wants'Custom Clothing Here Link-&amp;gt;[h 
Are we just going to ignore the fact that Ice Cube got his ass whoop by Ricky Smiley at the beginning of Friday After Next??? 
For once I want Rousey to destroy. #UFC195 #tategotscrewed 
@user How come you've been all over Melodi Grand Prix and not mentioned Loreen in Saturday's Melodifestivalen? 
Final decision about death should be made after the arrest of tiger memon..may be tiger forced to yakub for doing that... 
"Oliseh to ring closing bell at the Nigerian Stock Exchange: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, will perform th... 
"Blossom is currently chilling as the 5th best selling vinyl on Amazon, behind Iron Maiden, Pink Floyd, Gilmour and Presley. Madness." 
@user let’s get the Goodwin family to Rupp for the 1st home game & make Landen the """"Y""""! #RIPLane" 
Bill Carter of New York Times called. They are working on story about our renewal for tomorrow’s paper. Charlie Skinner is doin’ the talking 
@user she’s got anne curtis, toni gonzaga, dat guy who looks like bruno mars from last sunday, idk his name lol n 4 others idk them :D 
There are now only EIGHT tickets left for @user ’s November 5th show at the Leicester Square Theatre.. Get in quick folks!!! 
Lloyd Robertson set to end 41-year run as national news anchor tonight - News957: @user @user 
"I can't wait to watch the news tomorrow"" last night the crazy ignorant over arrogant Kanye West speaks out crazy as always "" ABC broadcaster" 
Spike Lee on his new project, Amazon's 1st theatrical film release #Chiraq "Art can impact the world in a positive way and a negative way." 
Anybody know the timings for Foo Fighters tomorrow? When do the supports come on? 
Prediction: Dunkin is going tine crazy tomorrow and I'll be late on the first day 
@user I'm waiting for the 3rd volume when in his 90s he takes up karate and goes Chuck Norris on Bill O'Reilly 
#news TFI Friday 'will NOT return as Chris Evans only has time for Top Gear':   It's been claimed the show's r... 
Josh Hamilton with a 3 run Homer in yne 1st inning. 3-0 Rangers #ESPNDallasDNRangers #ALCS 
Donald Trump is for real: five things we've learned about the 2016 election: 
"I may not speak too highly of Kanye West the person, but I am a fan of his music. It is possible to separate actions and work." 
Probably gonna spend the night watching that one episode of Merlin that loaded and the whole of Naruto Shippuden season 7. 
Jack did you get this? #TREND Runako Morton ?=67ce 
"Chloe Grace Moretz is seen out and about wearing Daisy Dukes and a Rolling Stone Shirt on July 20, 2 
@user Dark Souls 1 had a similar gap, so I don't think so. It may be something Sony wanted to do on their end with BB." 
Who's the designated David Bowie distributor tomorrow like? #PrintingMoney 
@user all I’m saying is we’re playing 4 June not nov/dec. getting the kinks out now cuz come June well be there mini Lin 
% of Joe Pa masks at Penn State Sat? Or will PSU by allow then in the stadium? Is it bad to wear it? @user 
"(yo, that Trump gun control tweet circulating is from January, just after the Charlie Hebdo attack)" 
If you thought the One Direction toothpaste was odd, try the Rammstein dildo. 
"Let's Get it On" is playing at IHop right now... it's 11:30 on a Sunday and everyone just left church. Wtf IHop... 
Settingt the Closing Line O/U at Superbowl for Bagatelle shaded under, line may move to Jan 1st 
SC paves way for Yakub's execution: The Supreme Court today refused to stay the execution slated for tomorrow ... 
"sting on monday night raw: would you like some pepper with your salt, seth rollins?" 
"Fantasy Draft tonight.  Keeping Andre Johnson, Rashard Mendenhall, and Mike Williams.  And about to somehow end up with Aaron Rodgers too." 
Thursday Night on KXLU! Get the @user app for IOS or Android at and LISTEN! 
Gotta show coming up in the ATL. June 6th then in Ohio June 16th 
@user issuing notices to channels fr cntent arnd Yakub's hangng that yr govt may not agree with is unjustified 
@user @user as per record, Rahul gandhi is wrong. May got record corrected and present it before India." 
"(Breitbart) #Breitbart #News Daily: Iran, China, Cyberwarfare : On the December 29.. 
Just watched the Haye - Chisora fight from Saturday night. Haye smashed it. #boxing 
Any females copping the Gucci Foamposites tomorrow? If so checkout our Passion For Fashion tee to match. 
watch all the larries hating on briana praise the baby in february 
Ron Jaworski is missing from the Monday Night booth. Liam Neeson stars in Taken: 7 
PRIMAVERA: BOLOGNA-MILAN TOMORROW - MILAN &#45; After a loss to Cesena and a won over Verona, the Primavera side get... 
Man Utd eyed Real Madrid quartet? Arsenal FC star to quit? Rooney ready to make history - Saturday's back pages  
On Sunday watch Sarah G Live, one of Myrtle`s dream will come true - together with Melai, @user  will have a song number with Sarah G. 
@user @user @user Sam Harris isn't liberal. He may think he is, but that's the same as Bill Maher thinking he's funny." 
Hatha yoga student would do well to learn about the play of opposites represented by the sun and moon. Start... 
"Wearing a Red Sox hat in a White Sox town, whilst they are playing the Red Sox.  This may be how I die." 
NYSE and CME will remained closed on the 30th for all US stock and equity futures 
@user @user watch and cheering 4 Nandito Ako tonight and let me know who is Wae(ing) Up Josh Bradley. #Forevermore 
"I’m not the go out type. Saturday nights are my """"stay up all night with the fellas on 360"""" night, but I think I’ll dive into Paterno’s bio." 
"You can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to """"What Makes You Beautiful"""". Lol." 
scrap my last tweet! At 5:22 on the 24th for Australian Directioners it will be two years for the boys 
@user @user your going to be tamping etc etc come Sunday evening, up the Mackems 
"I don't even be thinking Ice Cube the same dude from Boys N The Hood, Friday, Are we there yet, 21 jump street. Thats not the same person" 
@user #RAVING in Hvar in Croatia surrounded by massive yachts! Veneranda tonight then Carpe Diem's closing party tomorrow night!! 
@user When will be the Moto G 3rd Gen 16 Gb become available for purchase on @user @user 
So we got 2/3rd of The Shield teaming with Randy Orton to take on 2/3rd of The Wyatt Family with Sheamus in a Six-Man Tag Match. #WWE #RAW 
"Thank 'G-d' #Trump delayed his visit to the 'Temple Mount.' It may have damaged ""Israel's"" sterling reputation" 
Dirty Jim had to close that one out. If not, he may have started hearing comparisons to Cundiff in this town. 
"A random homeless guy was married you, Justin Bieber may perhaps at this pointed invitation was not in nature." 
83 Minutes - at last, the Michael Jackson book is out tomorrow. It is the story of what happened the night he died. 
This Saturday GREEN VELVET back at Cherry Moon! Together with DEG, FRANK ZOLEX, YOURI PARKER & DJ GHOST! Be part... 
Murray loses the 1st point. Anderson playing courageous tennis from the baseline. 27 Winners to Murray's 12 #USOpen Can he keep it up ?? 
@user yessir. Leaving the 2nd. A try get a ticket for the Arsenal match on the 4th 
"If you haven't gotten your tickets to see Comedian ALI SIDDIQ @ Claytons inbox NOW! 8-10PM this Sunday,the 7th 
"Sam Smith is going to be in Madrid next Saturday, bruhhhhhhh..." 
"Floyd Mayweather took another swipe at Ronda Rousey on Thursday, asking her to call him when she can make $300... 
"After knocking out some fighter in the 2nd round,Muhammad Ali walks up to him and says ""you ain’t got no biz being in the biz"" #swag" 
Wow .. This is the  clip of Dublin’s Sunday Times journo Paul Kimmage confronting Lance Armstrong :  - YouTube 
"I honestly think Napoli will take 4th, then it's just a free for all between the likes of Milan,Fiorentina,Torino,samp,Genoa,the Veronas" 
@user I mean, Batman was corny af until this trilogy, the 3rd one was so not Batman. 
@user will you be extending the BO3 Beta to Monday on Xbox and PC like you did with PS4?? 
@user I thought it was over like a Rousey fight. It may go into 4th qtr. 
Moving on...watching Red Tails with the bestie for the 3rd time in 5 days 
From @user :: Asalaamu alaykum all  With the 10th Annual London Conference being postponed till 16th or (cont) 
@user you going to the bell game tomorrow.? 
2nd day of #VINOOMANKAD U19:(ODI): Haryana, Kerala, Andhra, TN, Mumbai, Baroda, UP won their matches against J&K, KAR, Hyd,Goa, MH,Baroda,UP 
LAZY (torture?) SUNDAY! Starting with some Afterbirth and moving on to Dark Souls II later. Come say hi :D 
@user Then again, is not really fair to compare to just Katy Perry. She is the 3rd most awarded artist so it fits to anyone else" 
Meg Ryan: They don’t make Sunday underpants.  Billy Crystal: Why? MR: Because of God. BC: *blank stare* #whenharrymetsally 
"Legal News | Caitlyn Jenner May Be Charged in Crash - Detectives and prosectors in Los Angeles, are working on the... 
#SamDubose rest in peace. May you be liberated from suffering and attain complete nirvana. My prayers are with you. 
#NFL Victor Cruz went public this month with his desire for a new contract. On Tuesday, the Giants rec... #FOOTBALL 
"There's a reason I can't watch Jumanji, or the 3rd Harry Potter. That shit sticks with you." @user 
@user @user Im going to Hell in a Cell in ATL, The December PPV in Memphis, and Elimination Chamber in NOLA 
FT Valladolid 1-1 Real Madrid | Barcelona's last 2 Liga games: away vs Elche on Sunday &amp;amp; at home vs Atletico the week after. 
"It will be Imagine Dragons to Chicago the Musical to Beethovens 7th to Blink 182, to The Weeknd, to Ed Sheeran, to the Wonder Years" 
@user was gutted I wasn't at T the Saturday to witness it.. he delivers the Gucci on a daily basis mate! 
@user my brother wants to hear the Game of Thrones theme or the Imperial March #vancanadians 
The West Indies team will pull out of the 5th ODI after it finishes playing the match at Dharamsala. @user @user @user 
David Bowie Night on Sky Arts tonight and tomorrow. #tvguidetweet 
Paul Dunne focusing on game plan over (outcome) goals going into tomorrow's final round #controlthecontrollables #TheOpen2015 #golf 
@user Life long Catholic but some of rules nonsensical.  Remember Venial sin, no meat on Friday's? So I don't worry about Pope. 
When you realise it's September tomorrow and Frank Ocean still hasn't released his album  
Rick Stein has taken over Padstow; why should Damien Hirst be allowed to destroy the aesthetic appeal of Ilfracombe? 
Remember that time that Mellie had 'Americas Baby' 2nd season? Why isn't there a toddler running around the White House? #scandal 
Rapper Snoop Dogg cancels Wednesday's concert at New York State Fair: A little more than 24 hours before he wa... 
"You sure it's not an Ice Cube, Dr Dre, and Eazy-E kinda day? 
I'm having 50/50 thoughts about Twilight: Life and Death. It'd be so much better if Stephenie continued Midnight Sun. 
"As long as Ted Cruz &amp; Scott Walker are still in the race, #DonaldTrump ranks no higher than 3rd most offensive candidate.  #GOPBS" 
@user If i go to claytons tomorrow come over and bring it. And you owe me.. 
"Politics in hard some times" Angela Merkel's response to a Palestinian girl in tears about her eminent deportation 
@user on the 4th before u balik Melaka can meet kejap ah? :) 
David Price giving up another lead in the 7th? Come on man!!! #FanDual #DraftKings 
"Today's thermomix creations, vanilla fudge for the scout fundraiser, Moggill Markets this Saturday, bread rolls for lunches tomorrow!" 
some from peeps may recognise this chord progression from a mariah carey clip posted over on the AA groups... 
a) Watch the Apple event, despite having little interest in what may be announced  OR  b) Keep working, catch highlights later  Leaning A :/ 
"I met Harry, Liam and Niall on 26 March, the day right after Zayn announced he's leaving, the boys looked heartbroken #5monthswithoutzayn" 
@user anyone who dares stand in the undertakers way this weekend, Monday night only wwe smack down John cena johncenajonhcenacenacenace" 
"Iran Wants Stable Middle East While Erdogan 'Tries to Break it Down': On Sunday, Erdogan lashed out against Ir...  
John Stewart's 2nd Act! Going toe-to-toe with John Cena &amp; Ric Flair in the ring! 
@user my part to the al green joint will be done friday...I’ll shoot you an email with the attachment 
So many choices of gigs this saturday night. The IBB at the Rugby club (which one, there are two up Twmpath?) and... 
"Today In Beatles History (March 18, 1976):  Paul McCartney's father, James ""Jim"" McCartney, dies of bronchial pneumonia at the age of 73." 
Barca on the other hand could have problems. Must avoid injuries and stay in touch til Jan and probably add 2 more on top of Arda an Vidal 
Jason Aldean Thursday who is going? 
@user you may be accurate there but Rousey's next fight is just too early , Holm needs more fights before getting walked on" 
5 time @user champion Federer defeats 29th seed Kohlschreiber and he's through to the last 16 to play 13th seed Isner or Vesely! #USOpen 
what giants or niners fans would wanna go to the sunday night game at Metlife? 
Might have to go for a Plan B on my Halloween costume, unless the stars align tomorrow. WHY is Halloween on a Wed? #awkwardrushedplanning 
"Cliff Avril on whether he would have been healthy to play on Sunday (Lions on bye): """"I would have played.""""" 
They said they'll try and get Jack and Jack on the line later today or tomorrow to talk about Calibraska! 
@user do you know if yall will be looking at hotel info for Ed Sheeran in Houston on September 3rd? 
drinking a Capri Sun and reading Harry Potter in bed realizing my life really hasn't changed in the last ten years 
Kurt Angle is the only man to pin or submit Brock Lesnar in singles competition from June-August in MMA or Pro wrestling. He did it 3 times 
Who should The Rock face for the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble? I just voted #rockpunk would be a 1st to see 
Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi had a tough time on Wednesday during his interaction with girl students of... 
Did you miss the last Mamaway breast feeding workshop? Next session is on at Westfield Parramatta store Thursday... 
Join @user in a Google+ hangout at 2pm as @user gets ultra close to the Sun. 
We saw @user with @user last October 29 at ABS-CBN hallway. 
I may be trapped in Thor for a decade but I have cookies so I might make it 
@user he may or may not be my boss... well he shipped me off to another team lol... Pretty similar to Josh Hamilton. #2g1ball 
The sound of #Sunday with David Bowie - This Is Not America #webradio #internetradio 
Thursday Night Football on CBS College Sports live from Walton Stadium - put your black on and get the red out! 
"For the 1st time, women are elected into political office in Saudi Arabia. What does this mean? #womeninpolitics" 
"On a Monday when I'm waiting for things that are stressing me, 1st song on the radio? I Still Haven't What I'm Looking For by U2. Thanks ar." 
@user @user Who can tell you? so far, all gone questioning. Try talking to the Gone, may be Yakub could help !" 
@user hey Curtis, could you please inbox me a quote about how NT hockey is doing so far for my NT Sun story.thanx!" 
"Carlos Rodon, tomorrow's White Sox starter, is 2-2 with a 1.85 ERA, 33 strikeouts in 34 innings over his last five starts." 
@user @user anyone old enough to remember May Pole dancing Christmas &amp; Easter now we know more about Eid than our traditions!! 
"My friend is selling 4 tickets to Zac Brown Band on Friday at Wrigley Field. On the field, section A, row 3 seats 1-4. Let me know $125 each" 
@user Bored w. Rousey Now, she might b fightin Tate a 3rd Time already, Ronda is UConn of UFC Women, not her fault but no competition" 
"In honor of September 19th, International Talk Like a Pirate Day... #whyistherumgone ...Because of me. I am why the rum is gone." 
It's hard to make the case that Jeb Bush is still the likely nominee. He's currently 5th in IA and 3rd in NH. Winners have to, you know, win 
Current propaganda against Erdogan in many ways comparable to the Western enmity shown towards Abdulhamid the 2nd. 
Derrick Williams and the Stiemer enter the agme for Pek and Klove late in 1st quarter with Wolves leading 18-15 
@user Not the oldest. But the 2nd son. I can't see anyone having more babies than Lil Wayne or Bob Marley. 
With the Spireites short of defensive options ahead of Saturday’s FA Cup first-round tie at home to @user 
DST is saturday night/sunday morning?? gotta be in the club for that extra hour. 
@user @user @user @user @user To be regular after Eid busy time tomorrow also going out full day 
@user still get ABC and SBS, gotta be the aerial. Looks like I'll be making the climb tomorrow." 
If you see me tomorrow I'll be by Dunkin sitting by myself come find me 
Did Def Jam have anything to do with Jay-Z meeting Just Blaze and 9th Wonder? 
Rest in Peace... Frank Gifford. May God be with Kathie Lee during her time of need. 
"Also Monday night, eat at Maverik Center as we debut Little Italy at the back of the concourse with seating for 70 people. Check it out!" 
@user and the people & animals at Cuba as well! 
Go Set a Watchman will hit the shelves on Tuesday at some libraries while other branches will be getting the book... 
Comedy Central kicks off in Singapore in the early hours of Friday. And who better to lead the charge than Mr Stewart 
RT: NBC's FASHION STAR is casting tomorrow in San Francisco & Atlanta! Think you have what it takes? #ApplyNow #LookingForTheNextFashionStar 
Bure’s 1st game as a NYR at MSG against VAN. Lost 3-1, Bure had the lone goal. Know who had a hat trick for VAN? Todd Bertuzzi #realtalk 
Camera comparison: Galaxy Note 5 vs iPhone 6 Plus - Forgot password? We'll email you a reset link. If you signed up using a 3rd ... 
Detailed look at why Gawker thinks the FBI may have covered for Hulk Hogan: 
Monsanto is trying to make it illegal for you to know what's in your food. They vote tomorrow in the house.... 
"BREAKING NEWS: Bobby, Chloe-Jasmine &amp; Stevie, Gail and Chris all face eviction from the Celebrity Big Brother house on Tuesday #cbb #CBBBOTS" 
@user I just heard a quote that the Royals intend to get back at the Mets for the 1st pitch tonight Please tell Curtis to be careful! 
@user 15. what dreams may come, love, rosie, puncture, lizzie mcguire, the theory of everything, the twilight saga, the nanny diaries" 
Doesn't even feel real that I'm starting sixth form tomorrow in my head I'm still 8 years old and obsessed with John Cena and Triple H 
Bob Marley and the wailers - Sun Is Shining #nowplaying #listenlive 
Google's new project helps you stick your solar panels where the sun shines - 
They Still Have Slaves  - My 1st &amp;only Thought -  When a So-Called Prince from Saudi Arabia - Says ANYTHING about Donald Trump - 
"Ima dog just like gucci said , marry to the money Ima newly wed" 
"Carly Fiorina, Gaining in Polls, Moves to Secure Spot in 2nd G.O.P. Debate: Mrs. Fiorina, the former Hewlett-P... 
Selling a Jason Aldean ticket for this Friday!! Text me if you're interested 
@user So, how did you feel about Big Brother last Thursday? Who do you hope wins HOH tonight?" 
"Was ready to tune in and watch my Thursday Night comedy on channel 4 and then the tv guide tells me """"The Voice"""" is on...dammit." 
4th of November is the date for us to receive all relevant documents and work for GCSE Controlled Assessment and IAAs. #deadline 
Floyd Mayweather still on on the 12th of September? With who? 
"ok, i am fixing to rant about Zayn and @user sorry to those that get upset.  1st, dont get me wrong, Zayn is hot af but is this +" 
@user RT: """"@1DgoIndonesia: NEW (2) Niall at the Mahiki Club in London May 30th! (Via @user #1D..."" 
Tom Segal, Pricewise of the Racing Post, will be on @user tomorrow previewing the big races on day one of York’s Dante Festival. 
"Today's header: 2 years ago today, Prince George was born, son of the Duke and Suchess of Cambridge &amp; 3rd in line to the throne #dailyheader" 
"Randy Orton may have lost, but we all know he will get his revenge soon enough. #SummerSlam" 
@user @user December 3rd at the concord and idk cause I decided today me and Curtis are going 
@user @user not the 1st time... thr are 2billion kpop fans worldwide, Queens may be small, kpop isn't 
Must stop Zayn at all costs from going  
@user Do you not find it a little wierd that in many places where there are black Madonna's black people may experience racism. 
@user Fall Classic at Blue Diamond that’s about it for now for early Nov. 
"Writer Keith Giffen will take on Threshold, a new ongoing series launching in January that explores the cosmic ... 
Bayer Leverkusen are winning 1-0 at Bayern Munich - the apocalypse starts tomorrow 
"""It may be a bit like Yugoslavia at the end of Communism."" Jon Huntsman on what happens to the GOP if #Romney loses." 
@user @user any thoughts on Lough Erne on Friday? Looks like my only day off before Christmas #puttingitoutthere 
Demba Ba is rated as ’50-50’ to make Newcastle United’s trip to Liverpool on Sunday, with the striker nursing a... 
Dustin Johnson absolute smashes it Thursday / Friday.Then Friday night comes around and gets he goes and gets whacked and ruins his weekend! 
@user just scheduled it today for this Saturday! Quite possibly a day trip with no overnight stay in beautiful Covina. 
Brock Lesnar had to have a very similar surgery to the one I am having tomorrow. @user 
"A top Bahraini human rights activist, Nabeel Rajab, was formally charged on Thursday with insulting the Defense... 
Ryan Braun swipes second base (sealing his fourth 20/20 season) to set up a go-ahead double for Khris Davis. It's 2-1 #Brewers in the 5th. 
"Can I fund on type of IRA while tapping another? for many people, it may be a good idea" 
I was rolling saturday at my cousin Shawn talking about the disbelief of him about to have a daughter right in front of his GF/BM 
Does anyone in my Challenge &amp; Change class have the Baby Boom sheet for the test tomorrow? 
I want to go to Chapel Hill tomorrow for Halloween! 
Almost like the airing of grievances during Festivus from Seinfeld... 
Watchin the Espy Awards re-run since I missed over 1/2 the 1st airing.. I know Brittany Griner go so much pussy tht nite after she won lmao 
"Shawn literally is like:""show tomorrow ! Tickets on sale right now go get them "" like thanks for the warning ..." 
.@youtube via the last time it was Sarah Louise Palin this moment Willard Mitt Romney or thursday Joseph Robinette paul 
I’m going to Go Radio at Shelter in Detroit, MI - Nov 25 
@user Niall at the 2015 US Open Tennis Tournament in NYC yesterday (2 Sept) #5-8 
Trying to decide what to take to the Fashion Star auditons tomorrow. 
Max Martin talks with LOU FERRIGNO at the 12th Annual Phoenix Comicon. See this video at: 
"Frank Gifford, who died today at 84, worked the Masters for @user 1969-71 before going to ABC to do Monday Night Football." 
kurt cobain has been dead for 21 years &amp; he's dropping a solo album in november &amp; im still waiting for frank ocean's new album 
New Glory Gang music Janet at the Superbowl on #SoundCloud 
Post Edited: Siri vs. Google Voice Search: may the best robot helper win #review #Siri #theidoctor 
"Solar Gazing with pro equipment. Meet 1pm Sat 21 July, Cawfields, Hadrian's Wall north of Haltwhistle. check here... 
This may be the closest we'll ever come to seeing Brock Lesnar take on @user #RAW 
well cheeky of frank ocean to put the date of his new album at July 30th 
"I'm going to Opeth at Apolo in Barcelona, Spain - Nov 22 
Penalty goal kick by Bronwyn Corrigan of Queens misses on final play of 1st half. St. FX leads Queens 21-3 at the half.  #CISwrug12 
"My Sweet Lord by George Harrison is #nowplaying in The Sun, Lancaster.  Download it now at 
"He's all set for the Citi Field pictionary game ""@stluciemets: Rehab update: David Wright draws a walk on a 3-2 pitch in the 1st. #Mets""" 
BJP must clarify charges against Gadkari: Congress - The Congress Wednesday asked the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)...http://t.co/QPhXUtia 
"Trump should let whoever comes in 11th place in the polls be a guest judge at Miss USA, to make up for it." 
ATTN: There will be a candlelight vigil held for Mitch tonight at 8pm in Huntington Beach at Main St. & 12th. (cont) 
Two Dollar Tuesday is here with Forklift 2, QuickKey for iOS and Suite for Pages for just $1.99 today:   
"Y'all can't keep comparing jcole &amp; Kendrick , that's like the moon &amp; the sun ..." 
James Packer with singer Mariah Carey in Cannes in June. Picture ... 
Brawler Martin Maulers came all the way from Prince George to get #lockedin for their 20th anniversary. Can they get out before their 21st?! 
Check out the Miche and Younique display at Elmsdale District School on Oct 18 from 9-2 #miche #younique #3dmascara 
Fyi, it's "Go Topless day" on Sunday. In NYC fans of gender equality will be marching in a Pride Parade. 
@user for the Ed Sheeran tickets should we call as soon as we hear the 2nd song? Thanks! 
"Wi. Gov. mansion now a ""Waffle House"": Scott Walker decides he doesn't want to repeal 14th Amendment via @user 
David Price test the marketplace in free agency c`mon man 
"Friday today. On Monday, Parliament resumes - the first day of Parliament since the General Election. ~GS New Zealand" 
@user @user the 5th one is me aka Israel 
@user I get back on Sunday. I was in Split for a couple of days but in Hvar at the minute then back to Split tomorrow 
@user in Brownsville on the 18th floor of the project building stay dry my nigga 
Breaking news: I'm going to Youmacon with my sister on Saturday. I will be dressing up as every character from Naruto. 
"Last monday on raw, Brock Lesnar was beaten up by the undertaker." 
Wat happen to the days of Big Bangs on Monday night gettin drunk beyond my years wit my nigga Kendall n not having a care or kid n the world 
@user by referring&amp; listening&amp; asking questions to Dr Zakir Naik Sb.It may helps you to wash away your misconceptions about Islam. 
Sandy is expected to make landfall sometime Monday night along the New Jersey shore, bringing 3 to 6 inches of... 
"Jan Hooks: Gamakatsu Circle Offset Point Octopus Hook-Pack Of 25 (Black, 1/0): Specially designed to set in the corne 
Did you miss the College Workshop for Juniors tonight? Pick up the packet outside Room 101 tomorrow for all the info! 
"Kane to get injured on international duty this weekend, Adebayor to make a miraculous comeback to fire Spurs to 4th #LevyMasterplan" 
So according to the video on the 30th; Louis believes in aliens, Harry likes backflipping gerbils, Liam giggles at Larry, Niall laughs a lot 
Kim Kardashian has waited until the 6th month mark to make a HUGE announcement about her pregnancy! 
"Since the TFAW thing is tomorrow, should I do the Polish Festival on Sunday to spread it out, or just be out a long time on Saturday." 
"Rahul Gandhi's name on Rahul Dravid's pick is the new age ""Humpty Dumpty sat on a WALL"". @user 
"Alright #NFLFantasy players, I need help this week! Start the red hot on fire Tom Brady for tonight? Or keep Aaron Rodgers in for Sunday?" 
Wasn't there an International Women's day on the 8th of March too? 
'Kris Bryant' appeared on Wednesday 2 at the 18th place in the Top20 of Chicago's Trends: #trndnl 
What website do you go to get Paul McCartney tickets online tomorrow? 
Kane and Walcott both come off bench to score on Saturday then get rewarded by......errrrrrr sitting back on the bench #woyproblems #Eng 
If you open tomorrow and you're not at dunkin at 7:15 do you even work at hersheypark?   the answer is no 
I hope Ric Flair prevents John Cena from getting his 16th title. Wwe write that into the script @user @user 
Runners on 2nd and 3rd with one out for David Wright. 
"Remember when Tony Blair conceded the link between Iraq war and ISIS? Yeah, don't forget about that. 
Guarantee Gaga debuts her new single at the Grammys in February. Not opposed even though its agesssss away. 
Kris Bryant could've saved the Cubs a run and thrown it home. Adds to his shakiness defensively at 3rd 
Milk Chocolate Day is tomorrow. Are you ready to celebrate!? 
"Cartel Wedding, feeling like Chris Benoit after slamming Randy Orton for the 5th time in a row, stamina 
"It's Saturday in the Bay and our shop is open from 10am till 2pm. Our amazing intern, Melissa is @ Art Park 
You gonna do an article about this like you have with Kane after 4? @user   
@user the jobs were created cause the economy anticipated a GOP senate... Obama, by definition, is evil! (may contain irony...) 
#Tottenham boss Andre Villas-Boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a January bid for #Shaktar’s Willian. #THFC #EPL 
I don't care if Camila and Shawn are dating c'mon if they're both happy just fucking let it be. #VideoVeranoMTV Fifth Harmony 
@user May i have permission to use this photo of Messi holding the case I designed? Ta! 
Today's 1st&10 debates! Did NE just win the Super Bowl getting Haynesworth? Odds Nnamdi signs w/ Jets!? Can Reggie Bush help Dolphins? 
Kendrick's Black Friday track destroyed Cole's but they was just warming us up for ROTD2 
"If my cats were in Philly, I would not be going home tomorrow. They're the only reasons I'm going back to Florida." 
Will watch old movies, Seinfeld and other silly things till Sunday...the old #katrina news footage is too much for this heart to bear. 
kailey just got me into the Ed Sheeran concert on Thursday and im nelenieshuewjshs 
Pretty sure Hulk Hogan is not the 1st person to say something IN PRIVATE that he'd rather not be out in public. Every single one of us has 
#MissUSA I wonder if someone from 1st Take is going to invite miss USA to the show 
"I like how kpop fans hate on EXO but the 2nd ppl start shitting on Kpop they show them Baekhyun, Chen, and Kyungsoo singing. #EXO" 
"Who is ready for the WVU Tailgate? Stop by in front of the Lair next Wednesday from 10am-noon for food, games,... 
Let the debate begin: Eli or Big Ben - When the Steelers play the Giants on Sunday, there will be something swirling... 
"Lookin for somethin to do this Sat nite? Come relax with me, along with David Owen, @ The Marine Room in La jolla,... 
"Study 26:10  it may mean that sombre sky-blue appearance of the horizon at the time of twilight, i.e., between light and darkness;(b)" 
Jessica's main abuser met her shortly after her 14th birthday and - despite being known to the police and social... 
"""""I don’t know of a rule that could stop QLD playing David Taylor"""" - the NRL to us on if QLD can play Taylor tomorrow in #Origin3" 
@user especially considering some questions may revolve around the whole Hulk Hogan debacle 
Also costly if to get the new CD you made a 2nd rollover of IRA money within a 1-year period. Taxable distribution! 
BBC Music - 10 musical reasons to thank Chris Evans it's Friday 
@user Dude have you never watched ""Friday"" with Ice Cube and Chris Tucker?" 
My team is pretty straight on both leagues. On the 2nd league my first 5 are Nash, Paul George, Melo, Randolph & Bynum. 
George Osborne has decided to spoof to the left in an attempt to broaden support for decimating #welfare. The tit. 
[Schedule] Tiffany, CNBLUE’s Yonghwa and B2ST’s Kikwang will MC for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert in America on Nov 10 
@user @user Mother Kris,  Daddy unknown with three daughters - Kim Khloe Kourtney  This Caitlyn Jenner was 2nd husband" 
Nintendo SNES Bundle with 6 Games + Super Gameboy:  $89.99End Date: Friday Oct-2-2015 22:27:11 PD... #retrogaming 
Brad Keselowski is your winner! Jeff Gordon finishes 2nd with Mark Martin, Jimmie Johnson and Carl Edwards rounding out the top 5. 
@user Fairfax on the 3rd is still happening right?! 
1st) why she in the Cullen's house from Twilight? 2nd) just... Why? 
"Is this on tv again? """"@kugrlover: Most of Redskins starters will sit tonight vs Tampa Bay, but 1st OL will play as long as Beck...""""" 
@user QEII in Woolwich. Only 20 mins from home. :) my sister Becky is going to come and stay sat-mon I think. 
Fishing tomorrow at Decoy and Golf at the Old Nene Friday with Devan! #AllRounder 
"Tom Brady's suspension lifted. If it was #WWE,he would kickoff #Raw Monday+reveal the Authority made it happen. Brock Lesnar enters.Boom!F5." 
"#Chicago #News Monday's recap: Cubs 9, Rockies 8: Kris Bryant hit a two-run home run with two out in the botto... 
Video: Unsold Simpsons stamps cost USPS $1.2 million: The U.S. Postal Service had marked the 20th anniversary of... 
"May I ask how you perceive Carly Fiorina?  And of the current Republican candidates, do you see cabinet position possibilities?" 
Have to get used to getting up early again starting tomorrow. Yet it seemed so bearable only when doing it for Nandito Ako, lol. 
Grammy and Caleb going Freeport tomorrow chalee, 
@user Underdog Holm has LESS time to prepare for Rousey. Not calling conspiracy just saying she's not ready. Jan 2 was too soon. #mma 
I am Allah : The Filip Lenaerts may go to paradise nirvana and that it is the truth. here and now Semper Fidelis. 
Ever since Eid started I've been eating a gazillion calories per day I should really go back to eating healthy &amp; exercising..tomorrow maybe? 
"Sunday, 05 August 2012: Nekromantix with the Casualties / Down By Law / the Lower Class Brats @ The Observatory 
"Signs of nirvana may be a pressure in your forehead just above your eyes , this may indicate the opening of your third eye ( ajna chakra)" 
"Sunday's Lovely Gossip: Fabregas to pay his way out of Arsenal, the boy Alex to arrive soon, Crouch and Rodwell ... 
"RT @user Nigeria play England in the Round of 16 on Wednesday 10 August, at 11pm Nigeria time. Time to colonise England in footba ..." 
Tom Brady: A Free Man: There are parades in the streets of New England! Historians are saying Thursday Septemb... 
"Customers eager to read 'Go Set a Watchman,' buy it at midnight - York Daily Record/Sunday News 
Need a 4th player still to try out for the team on PS4. dm me. @user @user 
"WOW Mike Why don't you talk to our great friends and allies Saudi Arabia, about where terrorists get their ideology. 
@user you're going to Dayton tomorrow!? I'll be there all weekend!!! 
Don't fuck it up, get some good shots, this is my 1st BBC...but not my last...and i'm going shopping after this.... 
"On Wednesday its my birthday, and i'm gonna probably spend this day alone in my bed watching Netflix, sad life #VideoMTV2015 Justin Bieber" 
Oh look dustin Johnson has blew up again lol. 7/4 after the 2nd round in places can now be backed at 50/1. #TheOpen #DustinJohnson #choker 
Pie fundraiser pickup tomorrow!  4-6pm in the Curtis cafeteria. #curtises #roopride #curtismusic #whywisd 
Watching the lookalikes teaser on Sunday Brunch am I the only one who think the David Beckham lookalike is definitely not a lookalike? 
Buses arrive in Henryville. First day back in original building since March 2 tornados destroyed school 
@user just One? Because you don't posted 9999999999999999999 photos..? Niall posted today... Tomorrow.... Forever...  Hazzy privated 
"Wait, @user sat down @user for speaking against radical Islam? Uhm, guys, in case you haven't seen the tapes...." 
fetus James from The Vamps? or fetus Michael Clifford?   the world may never know... 
My 18 year old best friend died yesterday. Her name is Lexus. She no longer suffers from old age may her spirit fly were it wants too. 
yo @user just realized the Lexus hoverboard release is on the 5th. just FYI (Vergecast???) 
Photoset: thepalmtoptiger: Are we going to talk about the fact that Zayn has the sun/sunray motif on his... 
As much as I love Pride Parade, you may have a point. Jamaica isn't ready (yet!).  
BASEL (Reuters) - U.S. seed company Monsanto on Thursday renewed its efforts to woo Syngenta AG after the Swis...  
You're going Novak end of the year, and Federer arrives 
Just realized it's Nuit Blanche the night before the Run For The Cure. I feel like I'm in a stare down. Who's gonna win? 
We’ll be at the YPAAC Blondes vs. Brunettes flag-football game tomorrow. Doors open 1pm at University of Denver -... 
@user @user offer is above 1m. Bentley won't be in the squad tomorrow I don't think 
Just found out ill be playing at the same tournament with UT as my brother with his h.s. in february in new orleans during mardis gras. 
"Even though this is sad, I mean MANSLAUGHTER and CAITLYN JENNER in one sentence is the funniest shit ever.  
@user @user Umm... They have these two players, you may never have heard of them, named Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin? 
@user I think her and Nicki opened the show. But never got to watch it. And, I think I may have been watching the backstage haha" 
Dear haloween, I would care, but alas I have to pack to go help #TeamGObama in Fairfax, Virginia tomorrow for the final push. 
Erdogan to hold talks with Nawaz during stopover #nawazsharif @user #PakTurkties #PMLN 
The best part about this story is that David Cameron justified the attack as self-defense. 
@user But when he VOTED for OBAMA the 1st time he showed his true colors. 
"Hope when the white March goes on there's blacks, Muslims, Jews and anyone else who isn't white so it's like a Royal Rumble" 
"someone teach me their ways, seriously need to meet Shawn when he comes to NYC on sept 8th" 
"I grew up with Monday Night Football. As long as I can remember, Frank Gifford was part of our household. Today... 
C’mon Cam and the Panthers! U r the missing link in my quinfecta weekend.  Hard to do...App win, UNC win, State loss, Dook loss, Panther win 
"The birds pt1 &amp; pt2, rolling stone, gone, the zone  
"No word of a lie a lad at work today: ""wouldn't it be mint if Kanye West became the 1st black president of England""" 
just took way too many pictures of Niall on Saturday but that's not a surprise 
@user bringing our Sr Highschool girls Bball team from Edmonton down to Cali for a tournament be at the Dec 9 a 
He's still new to us. If Cole &amp; Kendrick just now getting the attention they deserve...c'mon now. These ppl clueless 
Thinkin of using the 'Boris Bikes' tomorrow. Anyone ever used them? They any good? 
"I got Reggie Wayne in the 4th, then worked it and got Miles Austin in the 5th" 
#TGNArmy @user   @user @user   Dark Souls 3 New Trailer Embrace the Darkness 12 April 2016 
"RT @user """"@therealmoconnor: safest place to be in #Tottenham tonight is the Spurs trophy cabinet. There's no chance of looters vi ..." 
"Murray is outshooting St. Mary 6-4 in the 21st minute, but still no score." 
Yay Thursday, new Jersey Shore tonight! 
@user The day of Thanksgiving break was a Tuesday. 
Pink Diamonds Host Sabrina 25th Birthday Bash @ Club Crucial July 2nd be there to witness a movie in the making or hear about it.... 
@user may ALLAH RABULIZZAT accepts all your efforts u made in the path to spread the msg of Islam n Prophet Muhammad SAW,AMEEN" 
"Tomorrow night.... 10pm-2 in the morning... Armin Van Buuren, Laidback Luke and then Calvin Harris to end it..... BOUTS TA POP SOME ILLIES" 
Anchorage, AK: the ceremonial start of the Iditarod every March 
Spoke to a sheikh from Dubai at Goodison on Sunday with his full costume on I gave him our details he said hell be in touch for LFC glasses 
Anyone going to Zac Brown Band concert this Saturday? 
At No.8 is "Jurassic World" 4th installment of the Jurassic Park series, directed by Colin Trevorrow #R2TVTop10Movies 
So if you guys are after weekly $60+ PS4 tournaments then head here and support the @user Sunday ODC! 
Living on tomorrow &amp; yesterday can steal your joy &amp; the fulfillment of today. Both are days in which Christians should refuse to live. 
AFC travel to Blackpool this Sunday to take on Bathroom Soultion in the LFA 3rd round, KO 11am at Squires Gate FC. #blackandwhitearmy 
More about nothing X Wale Friday Night Lights X J.Cole The Movie X Gucci  The Lonny Breaux Collection X Frank Ocean   Is mixtapes you need 
Serena is emotionally drained. Hope she has time to rest up before Thursday. 
Rousey vs Holm moved to Nov. 14 in Australia.  The UFC is going for their attendance record. 
Barstool blackout ticket November 9th, in Greensboro. Hit me up if you Want tht 
@user is it true that you weren't 1st to tell Miesha she wasn't getting the Rousey fight? Understand why you went with Holly but c'mon 
"Bill, a few Google+ posts you may enjoy" [nods] [sets iphone on fire] 
Sarurday Pat Caddell demanded Hillary face tough questions and male interviewers; Tuesday she talks with gay Ken doll David Muir and cries 
RT @user The @user take on Canada tonight @ 9pm EST in a warm-up before the Rugby World Cup - If you have Direct TV... ht ... 
I forgot Plies gone be at the moon tomorrow 
"I'm going to Such Gold at Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, IN - Nov 1 
KimsFirstLadyToDoList Make Kanye West appreciation day by having Wednesday renamed to Westday 
"Just checked AirAsia!! Kuala Lumpur to Laos on 4th December, RM 99!!!!!! bhahahaha.. lalala. im sooo gonna buy it tomorrow!" 
Hvar has been pretty fun. Tomorrow is the last day. Then back to life as we know it 
Sunday Oliseh made his first appearance as the Super Eagles coach in Da res Salaam on Saturday against Tanzania... 
Curtis and Puyallup all knotted up at 14 at the end of the 1st. #BattleofVikings 
@user #Greta FIORINA, HANDS DOWN. But, can she show she can lead the Miltary? She may be the next Angela Merkel @user 
T-4 hours. If you don't want to be inundated with Apple tweets... I'd unfollow me until tomorrow morning... 
"RT @user Jane Lynch hosting the Emmys this Sunday.Guest presenters: Rob Lowe, Ashton Kutcher, Melissa McCarthy & Lea Michele #emmys" 
shawty was so fly in 9th grade she was wearing gucci hijab 
At least once a week I'll be in my bed watching Netflix and think to myself "i should go to the tailor tomorrow" but it never happens 
China’s SSE Composite Index shows the way, up 1.1% on Fri.  The stock market is a leading indicator. 
We will have to think about continuing in UPA: Mamata: Chief Minister will take to the streets on Saturday seeking... 
'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump video  Aug 28. #trump2016 #palin #tcot #ccot #foxnews #oann #cnn #abc 
@user NLC inservice days on the Monday and Tuesday Chris...another 2 days where teachers aren’t even doing a half days work :-)) 
"Listen to the wind blow, watch the sun rise." Fleetwood Mac - The Chain [Studio Version] via @user 
@user Its 4th day of Eid here in KPK and all around the Muslim world. 
Why wait until september to see Stan Walker in Sydney when he’s coming to Newcastle Panthers on 24 August! 
@user I get the number 11 on a Wednesday and the st David’s school bus on a Thursday because it drops off at air bus xx 
@user imagine going to the store and seeing a Gucci bag for $500 and the same bag at the next store for $1500, the 2nd bag is ct" 
HT edit dt 3 Sept: Centre must heed Mr Hamid Ansari &amp; plumb the full depths of Muslim exclusion . Ensure Muslims full rights as citizens 
"Ellen returns with new season Tuesday, interviews Caitlyn Jenner. WATCH PREVIEW: 
David Cameron wakes. Checks Mail &amp; Sun front pgs  "Damn!"  Rubs out 'swarm' from speech &amp; replaces it with 'desperate people who need help'. 
"Money, Cash, &amp; Joe's tries to prognostic the Ohio State game on Saturday along with 10 other CFB tilts: 
@user The Galaxy S III will be available in select stores this weekend and in all MetroPCS stores and our website on Monday the 22nd.JG 
psyched about the Grand Strand Cypher. September 13. Your boys gonna be on WorldStarHipHop! 
"in 8th grade, i was dead ready to fight niggas for saying Frank Ocean was gay bc like....he's bi. n apparently people can't get it through" 
@user VH1’s ""Mob Wives"" Celebrate the 20th Anniversary of the @user Clothing Line in New York City - 
Of all of the promises of scifi I never thought we'd see Big Brother come to light... #FB we'll be like UK soon 
"1st time I've watched the vmas in years .. What, did Nicki just...." 
@user @user @user What have I missed? We're going to Ohio next week? Just have me back on Sunday for Zac Brown Band. 
TAIWAN: Tens of thousands of people marched through Taipei on Saturday to push for the legalisation of same-sex... 
"Today in America: the arrogance of Kanye West, will Carson take down Trump, and why do presidential no-hopers bother? 
@user Arsenal v Leeds United, 30 January 1982. Vaessen scored the winning goal 1-0. 
"Transfers: Man United respond to Real Madrid, saying it was up to them to open negotiations for David De Gea on Monday (ESPN)" 
I should be freaking out about deadlines, but UVA extended to the 4th #thankgoodness 
@user How you feel about these new Kendrick Lamar and J. Cole Black Friday tracks? 
Paul Dunne posts 6-under 66 and he'll have some serious Francis Ouimet undertones going on during tomorrow's final round. 
Here we had long weekend due to Eid and it felt bad to go back to work after 5 days 
Forumcast Ep5: The 4th on the 5th- we talk Ghost Rider:Spirit of Vengeance,the 4th of July & Falling Skies 
.@dlingmerth (-7) and @user (-6) are 36-hole leaders in clubhouse. Dustin Johnson (-6) just starting 2nd rd. #wsaw #ThisIsMajor 
@user I can't remember it but it's like the 3rd or 4th person Niall follows on IG. 
Everyone jumping on Wazza's back before Wed night yet nothing been said about Kane? 
@user Christian Ponder is the Vikes 3rd string QB, what is the Texans excuse?" 
"The 2015 MIFF Winner ""Across the Sea"", film by Esra Saydam (CQNL2015), screening in Milan, Italy September 9th 
4Ks for Kershaw through 2. He may get 15 like Chris Sale did for the White Sox a couple of weeks ago. 
1st it was "Jay-Z's" Tidal now it's Jay Z is trying to part ways with Tidal!! He need @user to help him with These Investments 
@user have a separate meet up tomorrow w/ everyone while youre still down here, I'm dying to meet you but i can't go to digi 
Fun Fact Friday: The engine used in the Lexus LFA (4.8 Litre V10), is two times lighter than an ordinary Lexus... 
"Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it via Carmel DeAmicis" 
"If you like rap and don't like Kendrick's ""Black Friday"", news flash: you don't really like rap" 
Last Friday Night x Katy Perry just came on.   It's lit. 
the 1st Japanese Album was my very first album from a KPOP group 
FUCK I HAVE AN EXAM TOMORROW BUT BROCK LESNAR IS ON RAW TONIGHT  uhhhh  i pick the beast 
Imma promote the shit out of Calibraska in London Town tomorrow 
@user He'll get it when Raw is live in Mexico City in Oct. He's apparently been havin tantrums that WWE keep """"snubbing"""" him. Moron." 
Also on West Liberty ... it does not play a regular-season game in February. 
My piece on Chelsea Flower Show in the Sunday Times: 
Jan Hooks: Batman Returns (Bilingual) [Import]: The legendary hero returns to do battle against the mysterious Cat Wo 
Saudi is playin against Nigeria now at the WC may the best team Win @user ;) 
Kootenay Pride Parade 2015 3pm SEPTEMBER 6, 2015 Back for its 19th year, the Pride Parade is the most visible... 
Tune into the KICX Winning weekend with @user 4 your chance 2 C @user next Saturday at The Kee to Bala aboard the KICX Bus 
Milan derby just after the international break with Juventus v Roma tomorrow. 
"Interesting. BetOnline just opened Rousey -1250 vs. Holm, almost identical odds to those set for 3rd Tate bout. Expect different take at 5d." 
Had kid at Sunday school ask me: Did you know Paul McCartney was in another band before Wings? &lt;Feeling OLD&gt; #NostalgiaChat 
"You March to Aso rock and Super Eagles play football match in Abuja stadium get it right people, if you play with matches you get burnt" 
@user And only Rahul Gandhi knew about it in advance. Seems he is smarter than we credit him for. 
I'm gonna be so pissed if I end up missing the release of Calibraska tomorrow 
10 Big Questions From WWE Raw (7th Sept): Picking the bones out of Seth Rollins' bad day at the office. 
@user @user the UN may recognise it Israel doesn't therefore disputed its that simple 
Just rode across the Brooklyn Bridge on a bike. What are you doing with your saturday? 
"Watch @user first lady out the water """"@Ironman_UK: IRONMAN Wales is on Channel 4 this Sunday at 6:35am." 
why does the release date for calibraska says july 31st on iTunes if it comes out tomorrow on the 24th ??? 
"My edition of Cady's and Aaron Samuels' encounter: On October 8th, he asked me if he was doing the lab correctly. I said no." 
Tarheels preseason picked to finish 3rd behind nc state. Bind this spirit! Btw the original Carolina is North Carolina! 
"HISD students perform Gangnam-style dance to get voters to polls: HISD is working to """"get out the vote"""" in November,... 
Me & Amanda going to New Orleans in February for Mardis Gras <3333 
ive got 1st unit: BK RoStu Maggette CV31 GMonroe & 2nd unit: Bynum Daye Tay Jerebko Drummond i hope JR watchez the Pistons stickz w/ em sum. 
Just realized Facebook is using Bing Maps now..  I guess it makes sense given that they're partly owned by Microsoft. 
Spot freaking on from @user Angels fans booed the wrong person Friday when they targeted Josh Hamilton. 
Sacha Baron Cohen in The Lesbian? SBC 2 make film on man offering $65m 2 any man who could wed his gay daughter #jspace 
"Trump to skip Miss USA pageant: Donald Trump won't be at the Miss USA Pageant taking place in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, on Sunday night..." 
Anybody wanna go to a Sam smith concert with me Friday.? 
@user you may have mentioned it before but are you a David Bowie fan? if so, have you seen the video for Blackstar yet? thoughts?" 
Robert griffin throws a td pass on 4th down in the first quarter then the steelers get revenge and block the extra point 
Seinfeld may be the only thing that isn't funnier to me after I've had a few drinks 
"It was a regular Friday night and Naruto sat in his office. Usually, it wouldn't be odd or unusual since that's his job, to simply sit and -" 
Jason Varitek may return to Boston for job with - Flash Player Installation 
Come to the Gin Mill for July 4th! Food &amp; drink specials all week!... 
"Git er done! Before #GraphExpo, reserve your room for the NPES 2012 Annual Conf., coming Nov. 10-12, Indian Wells, CA: 
Prob be double that of what PS4 had when it opened up the Bo3 beta to everyone last Friday. 
Prefer the Saturday show at Oracle though. First shows always better than late adds + can TU after. 
Master Liam’s BDay Party! @user This Saturday on the Dr Susan Block Show! Join us Live in Studio by RSVP here:  
@user catching up on Sharknado tonight. Ready for tomorrow 
"As of now, no stay on Yakub's execution, reports @user @user so he can still hang on July 30. Larger bench to hear plea tomorrow" 
What shall I watch today? My dear Anna Kendrick in 50/50? Raquel in One Millions Years BC? Or Sly in Over the Top? All would be 1st times. 
last push! last day of training before the break! then i’m off to BKK on thursday!! 
#IWishICouldForget tomorrow's "General Knowledge Wednesday" brought to you by a radio guy who sounds like Seinfeld when he's overly excited 
Goshen defeats NorthWood 6-0 in boys soccer regional. The Redskins will meet the Penn-St. Joe winner in the finale Saturday at 1 p.m. 
"Tuesday's #JimBohannonShow: A look at the John Kasich campaign and the momentum it seems to be generating with @user Then, +" 
21st of August and still wondering where Zayn is I hope he's okay 
@user Not really, because you're deluding yourself, Burns me no more than Thursday being named after Thor." 
Don't forget the Twilight Farmers Market tomorrow at Sir William Fry Reserve. 
"Tonight's LP Wednesday album is Sonic Highways by the Foo Fighters, playing from 7:30 onwards. Come down, and... 
Vitali Klitschko May a person make clear this particular?  
#swagcorner at the Showdown 2012 FINAL SHOWDOWN | 4 July 2012 @ KL LIVE 
I might be able to see Shawn on Tuesday but I have to find someone to go with 
"Ventura maintains focus on day's game: As far back as SoxFest at the end of January, White Sox manager Robin V... 
Endymion for the 4th time i blieve.! ahaha #TeamOrjan #CLHRDay 
#Rangers place Josh Hamilton on the 15-day DL retro to Aug 16 with left knee inflammation. Activate Will Venable 
@user @user ios5 at the moment gonna upgrade tomorrow Cbb tonight 
M/T Webroot: Have a jailbroken iOS device? You may want to reconsider. 
@user which men's match do you think they will play on the Wednesday night slot?  Federer, Djokovic, or Murray!? 
"Photo: The streets outside the central rail station in Milan, Italy, are seen free of vehic @user via @user 
25th Anniversary PS4 - Now worth about a tenth of its value as I'm actually using it. 
Who wants to go to the ducks game tomorrow at 7 home opener tickets are 32 each and its in the 400 lever 
Bella Thorne is at Disneyland and I'm going the tomorrow not today, wtf. 
"By Isla Binnie MILAN, Sept 8 (Reuters) - Long the ugly sister to Florence, Venice and Rome, Italy's business capital Milan is enjoying a" 
@user of an attack with Sophos first EUROPEAN vendor SECURITY solutions(@ Living Tomorrow) 
Damn ! I forgot have to take CES pics tomorrow too ! Definitely going to sleep right now ! Goodnight everyone 
@user I actually believed that his 2nd cousin was Michael Jackson. Gutted when I found out he wasn't - I was 26 by then... 
Did you know that every Monday is Facebook Monday at Hot Springs Resort & Spa? $10 off a tub for 2 or more people... 
There was always one little gobshite pretty boy that minced about thinking he was David Beckham on every Sunday League team I swear 
Y'all know Ice Cube gone make a movie called Friday? #StraightOuttaCompton 
I just read a rumor that the Nintendo NX may not have an optical drive, and I'm just like, "are you TRYING to fail now, Nintendo?" 
Probably why Marvel is waiting to show the Civil War trailer until late Sep/early Oct to give ppl enough time to get caught up w/ Ant-Man 
January trip to Boston to see the Knicks Vs Celtics in the Boston Garden! 
Have you seen the first lady? Michelle Obama may still be in the Coachella Valley @user via @user 
"Today in '76, James Hunt takes the title battle to the last race by winning the US GP ahead of 3rd placed Niki Lauda 
@user And I may be beat Randy Orton but if Randy Orton beat me he earned it so I don't care 
"Wednesday Preview - Sixteen Players Do Battle For Quarter-finals: Media notes for the BNP Paribas Open, an ATP W... 
@user @user @user can we go see Catelynn &amp; Tyler at MSU on the 29th? Its free :) #teenmom 
Hopefully I can steal a little more from the bookies tomorrow. - Paul Dunne 
Staff at a Wegmans in Binghamton NY say bottled water has been in almost all carts since Friday. Here's the proof... 
"The list of gay celebrities, some may surprise you: #ad 
"At about 11 a.m. ET on Tuesday (August 04, 2015), our beloved actor Chuck Norris passed away. #Sad #NeverForget" 
...move the remaining teams to the D leagues, champion, moves up to the 16 team league & the 16th place team is bumped down to the D league 
@user COWBOYS FANS. we need to temper our expectations going into this Sunday's game against the Giants.... 
If I was Cadi and Aaron Samuels asked me what day it is I would probably say October 29th or something because I never know what day it is. 
I may or may not have asked Hugh Dancy if he has an HMV rewards card. 
"Kendrick did the same except talk about Molly, but he said we can live at the mall.. that's turnt 
Rick Perry has stopped paying staff &amp; rumors of Rand Paul implosion are everywhere. Are these the 1st 2 out? 
"Win tickets to Ed Sheeran concert, Predict tonight's score before game time #macgoessheeran. Winner announced Monday on KMAC." 
@user Merson may not want to gamble, but he’s playing poker. At some point you have to take calculated risks. 
@user @user take potential out of the equation is S.B. really a downgrade from Kane? i dont think so. his pace may B better suited 
Friday Night Lights with Mitt! #tcot #tlot #bcot #ccot #gop #nra #ocra #sgp #teaparty #twisters #breitbart #Israel 
My dad asked who's birthday is on the 13th and I said Niall and then I said 'I gotta get him a prosthetic leg' 
"Buy your tickets this week for the Smash Project 2012 at TicketNet outlets. Smash Project 2012 on March 8, 2012 at... 
"Fast forward to Thursday night, when Fox News host Megyn Kelly asked John Kasich a question about about same-sex... 
Sorry i didnt update much for tonights show but tomorrow Shawn open for the 1989 Tour in Houston ! 
@user that's joke because you didn't know who he was before me and erik told you you sat in your room wanking over nirvana. 
Safety for Kane and the wolves go up 24 to 0 with 257 to go in 1st half over Cameron county. #d9football 
@user Salt Lake City to do shit like yesterday I went to the capitol building for a Planned Parenthood rally and tomorrow I'm 
@user as long as you don't go all Kurt Cobain on me, he may have been awesome, but he might not have made the best choises lol 
I finally got to play drums to irene at an @user concert! @user wouldn't let me until tonight 
I`m off Twitter for today, lets hope I return tomorrow being able to tweet about a Tottenham win in tonights Capital One Cup versus Norwich. 
Last 1st Round Group of the @user Book Battle is over, Broken Empire, Malazan, Harry Potter, DIscworld, HDM, &amp; Ketty Jay advance 
You may not talk to Justin bieber unless spoken to now hold on just a minute 
Dollar rises on concerns about global economy: The World Bank cut its growth forecast for Asia Monday and said t... 
@user pancakes at iHop with a 12 year old and commitment renewal tomorrow....Sunday slug day. 
Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney Look Like the Real-Life Cinderella and Prince Charming in NYC via @user 
"RT @user Big Brother last night on Channel 5 peaked at 2 million and beat BBC TWO, ITV1 and C4 in it's slot. Plus CBB Final t ..." 
Tim Byrdak strikes out Pedro Alvarez to end the #Pirates threat in the 8th Inning on 5/22/2012 #Mets 
@user Pekovic and Love are a solid front line. If Derrick Williams plays like a 2nd pick I think you have a playoffs team. 
@user @user 3rd line minutes, you're crazy. He's going to be the Sidney Crosby of the British league.." 
Don,t Miss it International Stuttering Awareness Day: 22 October was designated International... Check out New Post 
City's excellent peformance today (apart from defending) I realised what a tough season it will be for Everton @user @user 
"Iran, Oman hold joint military friendship committee meeting: TEHRAN (ISNA)- Iran and Oman held the 12th joint ...  
Leaving the N.O. early tomorrow to get to Hammond! 
"I'm watching YouTube cuz I gave up with my PS4 and GTA, so no gaming with @user today but hopefully it will work tomorrow" 
How in the HECK am I expected to go to class tomorrow, or even LIVE, after Beyonce has just killed me like this?????? 
@user is she on the people’s choice ballot? I’ve only looked at Castle categories. But may have to venture out... 
Bentley hits and the Sun shoot themselves in the foot with a delay of game technical...Prince misses somehow 
@user dang and then Allstar game in Houston the 17th 
Thursday night spent feeling sad n listening to Sam smith lol the usual xox 
@user Hi, Would you contact me about a medical travel event at the Ritz Carlton San Fran tomorrow? I need bloggers and tweeters. 
@user stayed until the end. Red Sox won but not without a few heart palpitations in the 9th! 
Does Moto G 3rd Gen support 4G on both the sims (band 3 and 40) 
@user v Real Madrid 99k. 3rd best support in 13 yrs - what does that make the rest ? We had 32k in div 2 but who cares really . 
"Are you coming along to one of our Go Set a Watchman reading groups tomorrow? 11-12, 2-3, and 4-5 in store, free to attend. See you there!" 
#MLB #Rangers Josh Hamilton will not be in the starting lineup for Saturday's game vs Los Angeles. @user 
I think Modi government may have diplomatic issue in disclosing black money holders name but it'll be great if he publicly clarifies on this 
I can't wait until the Yankees sweep the blue jays and score 8 runs off of David price tomorrow and Tulo goes 0-3 
"If you're off campus, we've got you, too! Babel will be at the Art's Garage with Hyphen and Invisible Children tomorrow at 7!" 
"Meek Mill, Boobie Gibson & Derrick Rose were in the same 6th grade class." 
Gucci unmentionables jivatma self-confidence april give being to the biform your personal irruptive amplificat... 
Wife: Amazon Prime day beat Black Friday.  Me: That's so racist Wife ... 
They may as well start talking about Kim Kardashian's new camel coat... 
Kendrick Lamar goes in on Black Friday!!! It has been on repeat since it came out gah damn 
Michael Jackson Bad 25 will air November 22 on ABC. Make sure you watch it! :) 
@user guys he’s the 1st among 2PM members :’) """"ENG SUB 2PM OK TAECYEON #23 TOP 100 IDOL COUNTDOWN"""" on YouTube 
Midnight phone call from @user filling me in about his mad antics tonight! May as well start calling him Muhammad Ali from now on.. 
i remember when niggas use to compete with me on who knew the most Gucci lol real deal fan hear since a 4th grader lol unk put me on 
@user The Anaheim Ducks are interested in Sam Gagner of the Edmonton Oilers. Could be part of a trade for the Ducks 1st round pick 
My iphone wants to break... well it's about time. Isn't apples event tomorrow? 
Get paid way later today, probably going to go see sky fall on the 9th or Man With The Iron Fists idk which one 2 choose? 
"#justathought If England don't call up Zaha before January, there is a chance of him being called up by Ivory Coast for the cup surely?!" 
who’s going to the pottstown football game friday? 
"3 hours 40 min on the clock now for Murray, but he's still hanging in there - grimly - &amp; has levelled at 2-2 4th set after winning 3rd on TB" 
Anderson upsets #3 seed Murray 7-6 6-3 6-7 7-6. Reaches 1st ever major QF. South African played well going for it. Longest match at #USOpen 
@user I can't tell if it is working on my blog I will have to check tomorrow on the computer. I was using my iPad. 
Yg puts Ikon as 2nd bigbang, and BI as GD = the next michael jackson is justin bieber. @user are you patrick star? 
Who’s going to the game tomorrow at flowing wells high school? (: Marana v.s fw (: #homecoming 
@user Night of the Running Dead next Saturday for Huntsman’s :O). 
Saturday we defo need 3 points with City and Chelsea having tough games and United v Liverpool 
"People may agree with Rahul Gandhi, even though misinforemd, but they won't vote for Congress. They might not vote for BJP either, soon." 
Colts Backup QB Curtis Painter warming up. This could be it for Kerry Collins who may have a concussion. #NFL #Colts 
#USPGA Man totally oblivious to Dustin Johnson's tee shot landing beside him at the 17th. #foreleft 
Sting is not being advertised for any RAW events leading up to his WWE  Title match with Seth Rollins at NOC on Sept 20th in Houston 
@user @user @user @user @user me heart will explode, i need some new about avril’s 4th album 
@user Ha! I also have it on good authority that Chuck Norris loved your sessions. See you in November my friend! 
Gotta make my dinner run before my ABC Sunday lineup starts... 
"I get the impression that this guy does not like Kanye West, I may be wrong but that's what it looks like to moi 
"ETH HM asks Delhi Police to ensure Swachh Bharat drive: On October 2, Modi had paid a surprise visit to the Ma... 
"Blood Moon: Blood Moons: Decoding the Imminent Heavenly Signs: The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon in 
@user my ipod died . I'll text when i get a charger tomorrow . Unless you wanna text an android user 
The Rollins vs Randy Orton match not being overly impressive as it was and them peaking at the Wrestlemania RKO #RAW 
"Parkdale students, take a break from homework and head to the Polish Festival! Saturday and Sunday only!" 
"some well known names ""may"" have been on the plane according to the Toronto Star ,,, Pavol Demitra, Josef Vacicek" 
.#News: (@JanetJackson)  Janet Jackson Writes Open Letter to The Late Aaliyah: Today (August 25) marks the 14t... 
How the Apple Watch may have saved this man's life 
@user Prince George just turned 2 on July 22 but tells everyone he's 3-years-old uhh so 
Tomorrow I will be Djing with Ahbaya yoga instructor Joy Radish for a FREE session of Sunset Yoga at Lakeside in... 
Tony Romo may want to check Craigslist for hyperbaric chambers. 
"RT @user Joleon """"Pretty Face"""" Lescott & Edin """"I want to play for Milan"""" Dzeko scored for the City. De Gea should have done bet ..." 
its been 9 months since Louis first hung out with briana in April so is there gonna be a baby soon? 
 Nigeria said Thursday it has appointed a general to lead a new multinational task force created to fight Boko Haram 
"If Floyd Mayweather only wants an 'easy' September fight, then just re #MayweatherVSPacquiao,#mayweather,#pacquiao 
Zayn may be performing at the #VMAs  Im not ready 
"Probably gon be able to walk in the store and get dem Gucci Foams tomorrow, looks like they'll have a lot of pairs...." 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich up to 7th-place tie in new Iowa Poll; Ben Carson deadlocked with Donald Trump at the top 
VOLLEYBALL: Plant City clinched a regional spot, defeating Hillsborough tonight 3-0 in the 7A District 8 tournament. Finals are Thursday. 
#jeopardy Where everyone will be watching the Ravens vs Eagles game THIS Thursday... What is @user ?  #goodAnswer 
@user can you take me to the ducks game tomorrow im broke 
Breeders’ Cup fans, watch Sky2 @ 7am Sat & Sun.  Sat R5 to 9 live & Sun R6 to 12 with @user live. Other BC races will be replayed. 
"Total silence on YouGov's 10pm poll for The Sun tonight. Of course, this has no bearing whatsoever on what it might reveal." 
Mallshow with the #PBBUnlimited BIG 4 + Wendy, Divine, Deniesse at Pacific Mall Legaspi Landco Plaza, April 30, 6pm! Kitakits, Taongbayan :) 
.@twaimz actually Steven Hawking  mentioned this...no lie. He said Zayn never left 1D ...he's in a parallel universe. 
"RT @user Michaeling: (v) (a): Talking or tweeting about Michael Jackson a lot.  Examples: ""I was Michaeling all day today.""" 
See what we Just published at #MMA Rants Today: Anderson Silva made the most disturbing Burger King Comme @user 
"Calm before the storm. I am ready!!! """"Good Girl, Bad Girl"""" stage play tomorrow at FABC! After this show, up next is, """"Don’t Judge Me.""""" 
So according to the new stat system for football.. #MichaelVick is the 5th best quarterback in the NFL 
Josh Hamilton stays chill after putting the @user on top 4-3 in the 11th. 
@user @user did U just call Michelle Obama trash? #1 she is a awesome 1st Lady! #2 Patriotism = respect for 1st family! 
"Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it via @user 
@user follow @user and meet her on November 26, outside the bell center at 4:00? 
Check out the new video for #Blackstar off David Bowie's upcoming album Blackstar out 8 January 2016. 
Did you know that 'Angela Merkel' was Trending Topic on Wednesday 2 for 6 hours in Sweden? #trndnl 
"Dustin Johnson is one of the best 54 hole players on tour. Problem is, he's the worst Sunday player on tour." 
still not over the strange premonition of the last Q of Rolling Stone's Lost Q&amp;A w/ Zayn that they published March 25 
"Every June 13th is Matt Cain Day. Mayor Ed Lee is goofy, but he got that right. And all my future votes." 
@user tell me about it! Can wr schedule a lunch date with @user and Kyle for Monday? 
Pretty sure tomorrow is the fifth Nation Kissing Day of the year. 
@user I know, everyone is slowly losing the battle against shaytaan. Islam is a struggle to follow nowadays. May Allah strengthen us" 
WWE may be staged but Brock Lesnar is just a monster. He nearly made an NFL team with no football experience 
@user we may go see Amy Schumer at the Troc earlier that night 
"Zayn's hair is dark in the 1st and last Insta post but in the middle, his hair is silver..." 
"Reading ""Naruto"" for the 6th time." 
News of the day - Oct 17 - Michael Clarke determined to see Australia at...: via @user 
"Why does everyone make such a big deal out of Randy Orton's lineage, when there are MANY 2nd generation wrestlers... 
PITTSBURGH (Reuters) - Vice President Joe Biden on Monday gave a glimpse of what a Biden race for the Democratic presidential nomination 
#capebretonpost news Avril Lavigne says after debuting spring line for Abbey Dawn she may make own wedding dress 
Wisin & Yandel record song with Ricky Martin, JLoTimes of IndiaThe reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel announced Monday... 
@user @user does @user know about this? He may be moving to Saudi Arabia. 
I'm finding my life and the dialogue around me are right out of a Seinfeld episode. Many of you may think this is fun, but it's unnerving. 
Anderson Cooper and Kristin Chenoweth on His Coming Out: Anderson Live premiered Monday, with Kristi... #gay, #lgbt 
Check out all of Monday’s highlights in 2:19 with the Daily Zap: 
Fact (from October): The Vamps have said they are starting on their 3rd album and the 2nd one hasn't even been released! -Jake 
Boko Haram May Resume Talks With FG - SOURCES close to the leadership of the Boko Haram insurgents have... #News 
"Caitlyn Jenner might get sued for $18.5M in Malibu incident: Washington D.C., Aug 29 : Adding to the Caitlyn J... 
Snow White and the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders may direct Tom Cruise in Van Helsing: SNOW WHITE ... #movienews 
"Milan bourse closes up 3.74%: Milan, December 15 - The Milan bourse rallied at Tuesday's close as the FTSE-MIB... 
Hi my name is _ and I may or may not be obsessed with Game of Thrones and all the ad ons it brings to my smart tv as I watch it illegally. 
@user RT?  In the last 2 days, Ibanez & Cano have combined for 3 HRs in the 7th inning or later before Tim Byrdak has entered the game." 
"Interesting to see where the likes of: Pogba, De Gea, Austin, Kane, Berahino, Benzema, Wanyama, Stones, Borini end up come Wednesday morning" 
Get on down to AB field in Albion tomorrow for the QLD v NSW shield match starting at 10am. Promises to be a cracker! @user #bulls 
Iran may have Chinese companies export oil to Mongolia: Mongolia has requested oil from Iran and it is possibl...  
"I told my uncle that Wade Miley is pitching for the Red Sox tomorrow and he responded ""I'd rather see Miley twerk than see him pitch""" 
You Vote!  Will April make it to Sharknado 4?  #AprilLives: ' Will April make it to 'Nado number 4? YOU D... (LB) 
RT @user We're off to the X Factor launch this afternoon! Let us know your questions for the judges 
Why Oracle just bought a marketing company called Maxymiser  Oracle on Thursday announced that it was buying New... 
Martinez confirms he's in the 18 for tomorrow. Ospina got banjaxed by that unpunished late foul against Galatasaray. 
Fuuuuuuuuck. I'm nervous about talking to Monsanto bosses tomorrow. I have to report to a room of scientists. 
"This is when Josh Hamilton tackles something from the order diptera in the backfield, right? 
Tony Blair: Bringing Libya 'in from the cold' may have stopped Isis getting chemical arms 
@user ~stated flatly. Thor was still a sore point to bring up. ""You may think that brother. But simply stating that proves you are~" 
"scott walker has just become the Pawlenty ,should  abandon run for White House after iowa polls put donald trump in 1st" 
@user  Wish I knew more about Gov. John Kasich. We will find out more tomorrow.....I hope. 
I may even include a rendition of Nicki's 'death stare' she shot at Miley last night 
"can I wear my hair like this for the 3rd day in a row? ""if I can wear my flannel for the 3rd day in a row"" me n Briana getting ready" 
"'This book ya writing, ah dun behlive in deities.'  Eh? Okay. But tomorrow you will open eye &amp; enjoy Thor. Sango is watching you. #WIP" 
Charles Dickens may just have been me in another life. #thisisme 
@user wish I could go to church tonight:( I really do have a reason! 
ASTROLOGY NUMEROLOGY NOW host Z. STARMAN talks about the upcoming MERCURY RETROGRADE that begins November 6th  -... 
@user Gonna be in Croatia on Wednesday but I don't think we will be near Hvar until Monday. How long you gonna be there? 
"Just want to listen to Iron Maiden's new album all day tomorrow, but I have work and a project to do so" 
Or tomorrow I don't care but I want to watch Ant-Man 
@user countless Muslims fans loved you but you can hate me because I am a Muslim! May the Cristian God have mercy on you. 
It appears that Rick Perry, former Governor of Texas, may be the first to drop out of the GOP Presidential race.  Maybe.  Perhaps. 
@user @user  Did Dani get the results she wanted? Good luck tonight v Everton, C'mon the Gooner Girls" 
Neymar was always gonna be something special. I honestly hate his role at Barca, he might be good, but he has to play 2nd fiddle to Messi 
"Wed. am, my two part interview with Blues legend Edgar Winter. Listen to 98.1 Free FM at 6:20 and 8:10am. He's at Bluesfest on Sat." 
"I’m thinking about making August """"Baby Month"""" at Life’s A Celebration. With tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there." 
@user chile did you read about Michelle Obama this lady is the 1st wife educated with a ton of degrees and said she wishes she was 
Flight from Vancouver to Montreal. View right window.  Fling high above the clouds into the sun. 
2 extra tickets who wants to come with me to the LSU game Saturday text me. 
@user @user Does practice of ALMAJIRI in d north make it ISLAMIC. MUSLIMS may at times not practice ISLAM 
.@http://pinurl.co/MakeMoneyWithGooglejr may make Barca return against Malaga: Coach 
"ISIS Threats Against Israel: ISIS Threats against Israel. In a new video just released on Dec 26, IS leader al...  
Becker answers with 65-yd TD drive, @user 12-yd fade to Brett Watercott. Becker 26, Zimmerman 7. 2:41 3rd qtr #MNScores 
"Former Mississippi Sen. Trent Lott announced Tuesday he is endorsing Republican presidential hopeful John Kasich,... 
"via GigaOM: Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it 
@user You should think about Islam , you may love it" 
DealBook: Clearwire Is Sought by Sprint for Spectrum - Sprint disclosed on Thursday that it had offered to buy a sta... 
Pickin' on the Grateful Dead: A Tribute by Pickin' On (CD, May-1997, CMH) NEW 
You may think your the biggest 5sos fan but the fact is that Niall is #DragMeDownPromo 
If anyone has two Jason Aldean tickets for Sep 5th that they want to get rid of please let me know so I can take them off your hands! 
#MashupMonday Remember this one? Katy Perry gets mashupped with Jan Oostdyk. 
I wanna walk into school tomorrow with the John Cena theme song playing 
Nas takes over the London O2 Arena on 19/03/2013! Pre-sale tickets available here - Pre-Sale ends tomorrow! 
@user that's all fine and dandy but friday, while at the local mosque for Eid. I was told by muslims to wear one out of respect" 
@user @user Sir/maam Anything on Salman Khurshid? Tomorrow he might even beg with Pakistan to make Rahul Gandhi the PM of India 
"Too Much Heaven by Bee Gees was the @user magazine Hot 100 No.1 hit on January 13,1979" 
@user Michael wants to the DC game tomorrow 
'Clifford the Big Red Dog Live!' is headed to the AT&amp;T Performing Arts Center's Winspear Opera House in November.... 
IBM is warning corporates to start blocking Tor from their networks (Aug 26) don't throw the baby out w/the bathwater 
@user if you don’t by break time tomorrow that is my second team!   I would already have them if Gary Carter was in the set... 
"RT @user Andy Rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on @user this Sunday, CBS just announced." 
Season in the sun - Nirvana 
Last monday on raw was the summerslam rematch between the Wyatt family taking on Roman Reigns and dean ambrose. 
i was looking up youtubers react &amp; youtubers react to kpop was literally the 3rd Suggestion now tell me it is unknown 
"Manchester United want to sign Aston Villa's Fabian Delph, and Ron Vlaar, when the transfer window opens in January.(http://t.co/fLwr1cK3D2)" 
"Hope @user scores the winner Saturday and reveals a ""Kewell 10"" shirt Hulk Hogan style In front of the Leeds end #scenez" 
[Best Sellers] #4: The 2nd Law [Explicit]: The 2nd Law [Explicit] Muse | Format: MP3 Download 1 day in the... #AmazonUK 
ALPFA Meeting Tuesday with Deloitte!!!  Place: Cocanougher Center  Time: 6:45  Free Chipotle!  Busn. Casual... 
"There was these kids in 5th grade who would print off pictures of Naruto hentai in computer class, then look at it during recess in groups." 
Stay up late, watch Seinfeld, make Steve drive tomorrow. 
Milan face Sampdoria in the Coppa Italia on Thursday night (17.12). 
There will never be women in the UFC Dana White a few years ago...as Ronda Rousey headlines her 3rd or 4th UFC card. What a bonehead he is 
#LQLDailyQuestion Which actress died aged 62 on the same day as Michael Jackson, June 25th 2009? 
This girl is straight delusional! Hillary ain't going to jail.  She might visit one, but go...LOLOL 
There are no articles any more that dream about the cities of tomorrow.  ~ Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson 
1st chapter of Go Set a Watchman previewed. Already surprised at some of it. Thoughts? @user @user 
Donald Trump Hopes to Run Against Kanye West in 2020: Every since Kanye West announced Sunday that he pl... #news 
"Mom I'm going to Christina's party after work on Saturday Mom: okay you have fun, I'll be at a Sharknado 3 party   ?? Old people" 
Well Dustin Johnson played like he does every Sunday in a major #TheOpen2015 
Taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term - TAIPEI: Taiwan's high court said Friday it has extended ex-leader Chen ... 
Kris Bryant hit his 2nd career walk-off to put the #Cubs 6 1/2 games over the #SFGiants for the 2nd wild card spot in the NL 
BBC: Eurozone growth revised upwards - Economic growth in the eurozone between April and June has been revised upw... 
Kanye West won the VMA for longest prez announcement ever #skimmlife via @user 
"Charlie Hebdo anyone, anyone, anyone? -- oh, we believe in the 1st amendment--lucky Salon. 
Hey guys...David Price starts for the Blue Jays tomorrow... 
If you aren't going to Jason Aldean tomorrow what are you even doing with your life? 
@user first, *Rondo. 2nd, you know who’s higher? Darko Millicic, LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony, etc. 
Next quiz is Wednesday at 6:30pm (EST) vote at my personal [ @user for what quiz you want: a quiz on Severus Snape or Remus Lupin? 
PS4 tomorrow gonna miss the XB squad 
Does anyone know where the ICC meeting will be tomorrow? 
"October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at L&amp;#8217;Arc. via @user @user 
watching PLL Halloween episode for the 3rd time 
@user Forgotten 5th starter of the presumptive world champion 1994 White Sox. 
@user ok then why haven't we seen him with briana since may 
@user ROTFL my stomach hurts man. Damn! what a dim wit you are! Google kids4cash, may be you will understand. What am i thinking! LOL 
Great way to end my 21st: watch the Miss USA pageant and cry because fat and ugly 
"Another double play helps Lafayette get out of sixth-inning trouble. Going to the bottom of the 6th, Lafayette 3, Mexico 3." 
Football-Gunners wld always go on about Arsenal's white v Black composition.Today MUFC fields 7 black players.Difference is MUFC pays better 
@user Oh c'mon, you write Batman! That means you get paid around the same amount that Bruce has right?...riiiiiight? :) 
@user I speak with Rasha Hefzi, among the 1st women elected in Saudi Arabia, 1st election in which women 
Knicks vs Celtics until they take out Melo then gonna watch the Yankees Game. Guess it’s looking like a Sports Saturday Night. 
Grappling with corruption and business in Brazil: The World Bank is sponsoring a  panel discussion on October 17... 
Even NFL players have strong feelings when it comes to Game of Thrones spoilers, but it may not be what you mi... 
Dodridge induces a 6-3 ground out for the first out of the 8th.. Chippewas 5 outs away from MAC Championship game 
@user While you continue to beat a dead horse, Tom Brady is starting on Thursday night." 
KLUB ACE!!! Klub ACE !!!  This SATURDAY!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30 
#nowplaying Steven Wilson - No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun 
@user eh Idk. guys like Rodgers didn't even play til his 3rd or 4th season. sat behind veterans. it's what the bills r doing with 
@user @user Well, ISIS is changing the climate everywhere they go so Kerry may be right for the 1st time. 
"Liam, Niall and Harry on stage last night in Cleveland, Ohio at the FirstEnergy Stadium - August 27 #23 
Charity to the Max! Saturday on foxCt both segments will be airing during the morning news due to storm coverage today. #Foxct 
@user The consortium too. I wanted Harper's hand to be forced &amp; w/ 3rd in polls, he'd have no choice. Mulcair let him off the hook. 
Norwich City book signing this Saturday with @user and ex-canary friends, before the Stoke game!   
The Sun again says it provided the intelligence for David Cameron's drone strikes. Background: 
"Deep in a Dream - Chet Baker - [Chet Baker with Fifty I] Milan, Italy, September 28, 1959-09-28 #chetbaker" 
@user Any chance that you guys will be offering the new Moto G (3rd gen) in the near future? 
"Kenny Lofton, Sandy Alomar Jr. make 1st Hall of Fame ballot appearance 
"On December 2, Kartell, an Italian furniture company headquartered in Milan, brought the great Master of Design,... 
"Kuromori Kagura, Japanese traditional dance, comes to Towson from the Tohoku region, Saturday November 3 @user 
Jon Moss has been appointed referee for Arsenal v Stoke City Football Club in the Premier League on Saturday 12th... 
This #Sales #job might be a great fit for you: Prince George Career Open House: August 26th at 6 PM - #cibc #Hiring 
Just got to watch Federer win 4 consecutive points to get the decisive break in the 3rd set before mom snatched the remote citing god! 
Animal Planet star Tia Torres of Pit Bulls & Parolees to attend For the Love of Dogs festival in Smyrna, GA Nov 3rd 
"Yes, it is us: """" Black Triangle Sighting in Pompano Beach, Florida on October 28th 2012 - basically it... """" #aliens" 
"Of all the receivers with at least 20 receptions, Cecil Shorts is 2nd in average YPC (20). Behind Vincent Jackson (21.6)" 
"Lazy Saturday afternoon, and there's this couple lying naked in bed reading the Encyclopaedia Britannica to." 
Don't forget to stop in tomorrow night for a chance to win 2 tickets to the Jason Aldean concert August 23rd. For... 
@user When was the last time a front runner was asked about a 3rd party run? The media should be asking Jeb Bush that question! 
&gt;&gt; David Wright will make his return to the Mets on Monday in Philly 
Join us at The Donkey Show at Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts THIS Friday! SAVE $5 OFF tickets to... 
"yes! RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August ^ISK" 
"imma dog just like Gucci said, married to the money I'm a newly wed" 
So apparently Brock Lesnar will be facing the same man he decimated on #RAW from Brooklyn on October 3rd LIVE on the #WWENetwork from MSG. 
Amanda Knox case: The obsession with what happened that night in Italy 
@user did Romney’s dad march with Dr.King yes or no ? 
@user Lee just sat down on his cot and stared at Thor. Silently. If Thor thought Lee was going to answer another question he was + 
What I noticed was that the growth rate of Muslims actually fell by 5% over previous decade. Change coming? 
Our coverage of Garner vs. Athens Drive beings tomorrow night at 6:30 on & @user Hope you’ll join us! 
not with Kendrick Lamar I may have spelled wrong  
"Photoset: sunrise-has-gone: Iron Maiden performing Running Free on Top of the Pops, 13 November 1980. This... 
Taking a nap, by 6 or 7 pm I’m going to ABS-CBN.  5am flight tomorrow, #hasslepare! 
WILDCAT WORKOUT OCTOBER 31st in the old gym at 7pm!! #FVSU RT14x 
"Paul Dunne may be leading #TheOpen, but the race for the Silver Medal is far from over yet -&gt; 
Christianity isn’t just a Sunday thing 
"#youtube After battling Dean Ambrose, The Undertaker feels the brutal wrath of The Shield: SmackDown, April 2 
Good night all. Will wake tomorrow and check espn to see if tom brady relieved himself during the night. 
Timmonsville’s Bubba Huggins endorses TOM RICE in the June 26, 7th Congressional District Republican primary RUN... 
NBA star Arenas may also shift to CBA just like Tracy McGrady #spm2122 
@user cancelled my Netflix in June but it has taken 2 payments out. Who do I contact about this? 
I challenge Katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow. I dare you. 
"In unites states of America calling somebody or mention in the word ""NIGGER"" may cost you a job. Ask hulk Hogan.... 
Hi @user We would like 2 invite U2 become a Vendor @ the 3rd Annual @user 4 more info go2 #HotSauce 
Ba facing fitness fight: Demba Ba is rated as ’50-50’ to make Newcastle United’s trip to Liverpool on Sunday, wi... 
The Vamps all ready for today's Sun Gig with Bizarre. In action with @user @ Vinopolis 
Free guided hike of the Tortolitas on Saturday at 8 a.m. Meet at the Wild Burro Trailhead on the Ritz-Carlton grounds in Marana. 
he better NOT pull a frank ocean on us on God I will lose my shit  
Watching Act of Valor for about the 17th time. But who’s counting 
So Chris Evans seems to be the only editor of a national not in the MediaGuardian 100? That's got to sting. 
Erdogan says he will call snap Turkey election on Nov 1 
Derrick Mason at the slot though? I can just hear it now... Sanchez to Mason...1st down..ANOTHER 3rd down conversion! All year... #Jets 
Storms are starting to pop. Storm motion today in Tampa Bay is NW at 10-15mph so if you see dark skies to your SE... 
@user This will be me when Nash's new video with Skylynn is up tomorrow same 
@user 3rd attempt.  Do you think the LPC holds the same view as YOU do regarding Israel?  Is that a difficult question for you? 
Idk why people are bashin on Kanye West. If u think about it the man really be speakin the truth. He may be an ass @ times but he's smart. 
@user @user LeBlanc was nominated for an Emmy and won a Golden Globe, so that may have something to do with it. 
uhh Oracle if there is no spoon what am I eating this 4th can of Spaghettios with? 
"REMINDER:  Daylight Saving Time ends Sunday, November 4.  Turn clocks BACK 1 hour Saturday night.  See you Sunday." 
"So let’s jet skip to June for Lakers vs Heat """"@InsideHoops: It’s already OFFICIAL, James Harden is on the Houston Rockets right now. #NBA""""" 
@user got time for a Skype tonight/tomorrow? Want a pre game chat, last day in before vacation is Saturday. 
I seen her just the other day. . . JACKIN' MIKE D TO MY DIS-MAY. 
"Solido, Costumbre, Duelo, Intocable with migz. 9th grade all over again #jammin #956" 
Realistically, imagine being Bobby Jindal and suddenly doing really well in the polls and jumping from 13th to like 9th place. Victory? 
I am the best candidate: Indian-American Bobby Jindal:  Washington: Notwithstanding his 13th rank among 17 pre... 
"Kim Kardashian's maiden family outing with son: Los Angeles, Dec 20 : Reality TV star Kim Kardashian has stepp... 
Harry Redknapp is set to hold talks over the Blackburn job on Tuesday as he prepares for a return to management (Mail) 
@user you can pre order and get it but PS4 may have 30 days exclusivity. It's all speculation though... 
"In a way Spurs aren't really getting a 2nd ST if they want the 2nd ST to be like Kane. Son, N'Jie, Pato? don't drop back as well. Maybe Son." 
"September 6 D&G will be four in the international city of _New York Fashion Week_, Paris, London, Milan, and the two... 
Taking a break from GOLDEN SUN 2! Got done with JUpiter LIghthouse & getting the wings on the boat! GONNA MAPLE AGAIN!!!! :P 
"Hi David Wright : DaveMattWright, Do u want to get FREE iPh0ne 6 TODAY? Please check my bi0. Thx 
"This Sat., I'll be at the Whole Earth Festival in Davis, CA. Chatting with Kim Stanley Robinson about SF and the environment, from 1-3pm." 
"British Open: Monday's tee times, TV schedule: Paul Dunne, a 22-year-old amateur, has one stroke back from the... 
Chelsea need to beat Ajax to keep up there battle with Ajax for 2nd place #NextGenSeries 
What do I do...Paul McCartney is coming to @user Oct 13 and I have a free day that day but a mandatory 8 AM session the next day. 
Niki Lauda just confirmed to Sky that Alonso was released of contact on Thursday night 
Years ago when i saw the 1st episodes of Naruto it was clear to me that the main character would get together with the girl he loves. - PE 
The color Orange is 50/50 in my mind. 1st the good: Orangutans &amp; the Netflix show. Now the awful: Boehner's face &amp; Trump's hair. 
@user Bentley, you are right. My sensitive skin can't take too much sun. Thank you. 
Like.....30 minutes of the original Friday the 13th consisted of Jason’s mom chasing a girl from the lake house to the same damn cabin 
Bases loaded in the 1st for Kris Bryant--no pressure... 
Beyonce is 33 and jay-z is 45. So i ain't even stressing anymore. Bae is probably chilling in the 5th grade playing freeze tag. 
"Dustin Johnson drains a long putt to take the lead. Eh, let me know when he does that late on a Sunday in a major. #PGAChampionship" 
Paul Dunne Looking to become the 1st Irishman to win the silver medal as leading amateur at the Open since a fella called Rory Mcilroy in 07 
Friday nite after the DWC reading raided Sound Garden...3 DVDs & a CD 4 $20! Cruising home 2 Raphael Sadiq. Friday note in CNY. 
IllinoisCentral: College Night is tomorrow at ICC!  Come to the ICC CougarPlex to meet with reps from over 80 co... 
in February the movie 'zoo lander' is coming out and justin bieber is in it 
@user Out of curiosity, is your hard drive official Xbox hardware or is it 3rd party? ^JI 
"Well, if the world is going to end I may as well go to Rum Runners one last time..... For old times sake #help" 
"Kasich wants immigration crackdown, but leaves door open on pathway: Ohio Gov. John Kasich said Wednesday he w... 
2 tickets to Sunday's game included in this Hail to the Redskins package. Bid high and bid often @user 
The ball oF FIRE draws you in you flow liquid hot the sun shines down you’re in nirvana 
@user have you ever been to an Ed Sheeran concert? Bc I just got back from my 2nd one and I almost passed out 
PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with the country's top mili... 
Just got word we are stopping back in Pittsburgh before the tour heads to Ohio June 29th #PartyWithThePros 
Trump reiterates Hillary Clinton is worst sec state ever but Kerry may take the title over Iran deal 
Yoga event Sept 19th with Zen horses at Stardust Sanctuary 
RT @user Am going on Womans Hour tomorrow. Whats more so is PJ Harvey. 
"Chuck norris gets shot today,tomorrow be the bullet's funeral!" 
My Ninja got us tickets for the Mavs game Monday!(: 
DJ DERRTY D SPORTS Caitlyn Jenner May Be Charged with Manslaughter in February Crash 
Looool @user Plix leave Ebuka alone, my own birthday is May 14, and before then is Christmas, Valentine’s day 
My tv just told me to go out tonight and be social and stay in tomorrow and have Olive Garden. Mhmm. 
"Today in Beatles History (May 15, 1967): Paul McCartney meets Linda Eastman  for the first time at the Bag O'Nails nightclub in London." 
Ajay Devgan starrer 'Baadshaho' to be released on Republic day 2017 (26th jan 17) which Directed by Milan... 
Chat Chand Rat 4pm se Eid wale din subh 6am light band Eid k 2nd day 1pm se rat 2am light nahe thi  Eid ka 3rd day 2pm light band hogai  ... 
"On Monday, November 5th, 2012 RNDM will be performing on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon :) 
"But u know this is Wrong@fisobzy01: It's Sunday, these Christians will start littering one's TL with their Jibbi Jabba" 
It’s Friday and the Soul Train is firmly parked in PRI for the Soul Show on the Radio, C’mon Perth get your requests in for the next hour :) 
@user Got Asiata @ start of WK2, let him get two good games and sent him in a trade for a '15 2nd, same guy just offrd him bk for 3rd" 
What march just went through Bethnal green? 
Jim Harbaugh gets the most TV face time of any NFL coach; Tom Coughlin 4th...Rex Ryan 7th | Bob's Blitz  @user 
#Samsung Galaxy Note 5 May Ditch The MicroSD Card Slot: When Samsung released the Galaxy S6 and ... #samsung-note 
@user i had OKC im playin online... the nigga had da knicks.. I was bustin dey ass then the 4th come, raymond felton and JR smith 
@user what's going on in Dayton tomorrow ? 
Mar'Shayla didn't know any of the Sam Smith songs 
@user @user But I posit Batman, be he chaotic or lawful, should oppose the death penalty, though his methods may vary. 
@user @user @user @user Yeah when Ric Flair goes I may cry that day 
Now that Ruto is the 5th president... I think him and Uhuru have now served one term each 
"Oh no Twilight's getting to me tonight, emotional Sunday's in full swing" 
Haven't we had enough with #DonaldTrump running for president?Now Kanye West?! #KanyeWestForPresident2020  
@user all I'm thinking about is how zayn left on March 25TH rip 
Had a dream that I saw Nirvana live and Kurt Cobain sat and split his cigarette with me afterward and told me about life. Woke up sad. 
A twilight ceremony will be held tomorrow to remember the victims of the Martin Place Siege 
Update: Mom does not appreciate Jay-Z. We have now moved on to bumpin old school Taylor Swift. Nearing the 5th hour. 
"Believed thunder came from Thor, and that the sun rotated the earth." 
Tiffany will be one of the MCs along with CNBlue’s Yonghwa and Beast’s Gikwang for SBS KPOP Super Concert on November 10. 
The #MoviesYouCantDislike The Woman In Black, Let Me In, The Pirates of Carribean except the 4th installment, The 1st Twilight 
@user she is the new member beside Danee. The 8th member. 
Here is the 3rd and last part of our Paris Fashion Week SS13 Street Style Report... #streetstyle 
#SignsYouNeedToGrowUp you still hit up the Skate Center on Friday Nights 
@user Vitali’s may have more power on it but he tends to push it. Paulie’s controls fights with that upjab 
Just reminding you all that it's August 8th and there's still no album from Frank Ocean 
"What a great question to ask myself: ""If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?""  Steve Jobs" 
"If anyone is interested in 2 Kenny Chesney tickets tomorrow with Kenny Chesney, Jason Aldean, Brantley Gilbert, and Cole Swindell text me." 
Worked sat,sun&amp;mon (Labor Day weekend) and got 1 admission cause no one gets "sick" on a holiday. But now the holiday is over&amp;every1 is sick 
I just want to sleep and watch Netflix until Friday for Bulldog Bash... Is that so much to ask for? 
OK...Crash I-5 SB at the I-84 exit is CLEAR...still slow between 4th Plain and I-84. #pdxtraffic 
Madrid and Barca run the La Liga, not a chance DDG won't be a Madrid player by tomorrow. 
@user Cate Blanchett being Australian may have squashed this theory a bit. Or thrown a caveat into the mix. 
I come through the drive through at dunkin just about every Sunday and it's been two weeks since my regular doughnut girl has been there. 
"Want a copy of Book Of Souls the new IRON MAIDEN CD on release on Sep 4th! To enter, follow us + RT! @user 
@user  in the pub on a Sunday but.. I am sat next to some Christians #doesthatcount #atheist #cheersforthethunderstorm 
"I just typed in ""the Bazura Project"" into google images and the 7th image is a photo of my dad. Also Glenn with moustache is there. #WHATTHE" 
"T-Swift's ""Bad Blood"" playing in the bottom of the 11th at the Giants-Dodgers game. Must have been an accident..." 
George Osborne presented the first Budget of this Parliament on Wednesday 8 July 2015. The speech set out his... 
Ahmed Musa may be the youngest ever captain of the Super Eagles at 22. I need some help to verify this. [away from database] 
Watching the Miss USA pageant...you can bet on me hitting the gym and ulta tomorrow lol 
Fright night with Meek Mill & Machine Gun Kelly @ Teaneck National Guard Armory October 27th @ 7pm BBOD will be opening hit us for tickets 
@user I don’t think CNY will be hit too hard, but it may be utilized if there are any power outages #NewhouseSM4 
David Wright is not in the Mets starting lineup for Saturday's game against the Red Sox.  #Mets 
c'mon now. we all know Logic aint on Kendrick's level.. yet. he has mad potential tho. ask me again in 5 years 
"Kylie Jenner stole the spotlight at a ""Paper Towns"" screening&amp;#160;in West Hollywood on Saturday, where she and sister Kendall turned up" 
Kung fu panda 2 or take em back to the jungle book~ RT @user Movie night with the kids at the crib. What should we watch?? 
OK this is my pure speculation.  @user owns the cloud compute tech.  @user is utilizing the tech.  3rd party devs is open to use. 
@user same. I wanna go football really early tomorrow since we have the full day but idk what Connors doing+if Adams back from Poland 
Wife is trying to sell her Sam Smith tickets for the show in San Diego tomorrow. $180 for two #reddit #OC 
@user agreed. Pay 30mill for Kane now or watch him bag 20+ and pay 50 mill in Jan ? The other 2 are going nowhere. 
MONDAY PREVIEW: ARE YUMMY MUMMIES BAD ROLE MODELS? Cherie Blair thinks they are - do you agree? 
**(DM)** ME THE 1ST  THING THAT COMES TO UR HEAD! WHEN U HEAR SOME1 SAY: One Direction, Harry,Louis,Zayn,Niall or Liam the boys 
I just sat beside a joe paterno fan at the bank. He had a license plate that said with his name and a penn state plate. Sucks for him. 
Wanna go to the #Queen Extravangaza at Bell Center Jan 30th? Sing for Queen at 545pm all week to WIN tix!! #Drivetime @user 
Kim Kardashian was out in force to support her husband Kanye West at the MTV VMAs on Sunday. 
1st they didnt cheat 2nd you're going against Kpop don't you understand that it's not just one band?? 
"Gino is hosting an U-18's event at Nirvana, Nottingham on the 13th of August - Big names performing on the night... 
"This Thursday, the Steelers defense will beat the air out of Tom Brady! ;) 
Sat watching John Cena videos with @user and some random 
@user  going sylvia park tomolols and den night market l8ter on that same day and then early bed and sunday idk aye? 
Hmm,  what do you think? Lexus may eliminate the haggle with buying new cars soon: #autos 
Saudi Arabia said Monday it was raising petrol prices by more than 50 percent for some products from Tuesday as... 
@user 2nd dyz - Acid Black Cherry - DIR EN GREY - DOG in the PWO - Kiryu - MAXIMUM THE HORMONE - Nightmare - Plastic Tree - SaTaN - 
will Fabregas and sanchez will make their debut tonight? 
"#ChuckNorrisFacts: At the beach, children try to dig a hole to China. When Chuck Norris goes to the beach, he digs a hole to the Sun." 
Mom tells me to not spend so much time on my iPod but when I ask her to take me to 2nd &amp; Charles to buy me books she says no...wut 
...off to Milan...c ya on the 19th of August in Novi Sad with Silicon Soul and Fakir!!! 
"There's the 1st and 2nd suplex of the match!  Brock Lesnar just screamed ""SUPLEX CITY BITCH!"" #SummerSlam" 
Todays Tuesday Question: Will you accept a BCS championship game without an SEC champion? The staff at CFN weighs in 
My latest reaction to The Undertaker return and how Monday Night #RAW went down with him and Brock Lesnar  #WWE 
Throwback sunday?!?!?Seaholm game with @user  
me: starting yoga tomorrow. tips? yoga expert friend: just listen to your body me: i hate listening to my body it never listens to me 
@user If you can wait until tomorrow, Cowboys and Aliens comes out." 
I couldn't go to MetLife so I'm going to a concert on the beach tomorrow lol #MTVHottest One Direction 
I don't know much about algebaaaa,but I know today it's the 4th and it happens to be Jay-Z's wife's BDay. 
"Maybe Dustin Johnson (-7) prefers the Final Round of the Open tomorrow, Sundays have not been his best days; (+3) on a day where many were -" 
Packers TE Richard Rodgers will do some catching up with his dad Sunday - JSOnline 
"#News SAIL may tie up with NFL for Rs 4,450-cr Sindri plant: """"NFL is the likely partner for SAI... @user #AK" 
Tomorrow the Vols take on (3) Ole Miss in Oxford! We'll sit down with #VFL Robert Peace to discuss the matchup! We'll see you at 7am! 
Mulcair, Harper and Trudeau still in close race after campaign's 1st phase. Leaders considering time-sharing the country. 
yall Nicki and Bey both performing at the VMAs tomorrow night. 
May you fly on Eagles  wings  Frank Gifford.  RIP 
I tried to google how to get rid of fruit flies and then just sat for 15 minutes imagining what the wikihow for getting rid of me would be 
Have u already seen the 2nd episode of 'I AM SAM'? Shot at Roskilde Festival in Denmark! 
This just in: Kris Bryant's home run ball replaces Pluto as farthest planet from the sun. #cubs 
"Rousey may have the #CaptainMarvel look, but she needs to prove she's good enough to carry not just one movie but an entire franchise." 
@user come tomorrow? or do you have east york? 
1st fight on the main card is about to begin.. @user Randall Bailey and @user Devon Alexander #boxing #BrooklynBoxing 
Steve Stricker just finished his 1st round. On @user @user I'll have an update and Dustin Johnson on leading. 
@user hey hey hey... My vagina is pretty fucking special! Mine bedazzled and shit... It sparkles like a Twilight vampire in the sun! 
Eagle Bancorp Completes Sale of $10 Million of Common Stock: Nov 1 &;- Eagle Bancorp Inc. (Nasdaq:EGBN), the par... 
Christians and religious groups are not the brains trust of humanity Isn't it obvious by now #athiest #reading  
@user take Niall's guitar and play on stage at the show tomorrow. 
@user Hi, can you confirm that there will be extra services from Milton Keynes to London after Foo Fighters concert on Sat 05/09?" 
"When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there. - George Harrison #quote" 
That’s what the hot Texas sun does to your legs. 
@user US expands Ebola screenings at airports: An official of the White House said on Fri... @user 
"Scott Walker on the Bucks. ""It's cheaper to keep them."" He repeated that inspiring line of reasoning Wednesday. Best passive/aggressive ever" 
Not sure what surprises me more about the 1st season of ROSEANNE; the fact that George Clooney had a recurring role or his hair. 
"#RAW looks like Rollins got himself a date w/ the present. Randy Orton def Cesaro, Owens, to advance to challenge for his 13th title!" 
As of tomorrow #HTC & @user are a month late (or a year) in updating my Thunderbolt to #ICS. And phones with #jellybean are available. 
I have one ticket for Jason Aldean tomorrow. $20 and it's yours. 
On the Harbor: From Black Friday to Nirvana 
Watching the kids movie Journey 2 Mysterious Island for the 4th time in 24 hrs. I can now recite dialogs from this movie in my sleep! 
@user @user /: I’m going to Philadelphia Saturday morning. & I have a Volleyball game tomorrow night. 
"Naked Raygun opening up for Foo Fighters at the venue formerly known as Deer Creek tomorrow night.  Shades of Bauhaus opening for NIN, that." 
Your attempts to still drag Justin flopped harder than your fave's career will flop after Justin releases his album on November the 13th. 
@user remember when you said gasquet will be out before Monday? m8 Murray is getting knocked out before him. 
It will also be Live streamed at @user where viewer can directly Interact with IBM . #indianbizparty 
Yea Sasuke tho ever since Naruto became hokage &amp; stopped going on missions has become the strongest ninja alive leaving Naruto in 2nd place 
"Our generation may not have had Jimi Hendrix, Led Zepplin, Nirvana or 2pac but we did get Jackass so it's not a complete loss" 
Chunji is the 2nd oldest in Teen Top! #1005chunjiday 
@user @user @user @user @user @user Pro Day is tonight at Tundra. Combine is Friday 
"When Justin Bieber gets pulled over for his 1st inevitable DUI, I'm going to retweet this." 
Sky Sports | Both Manchester United and Real Madrid want the DDG transfer to happen and are considering an appeal to make it happen tomorrow 
"If you aren't already, subscribe to Nash's YouTube channel! He's posting a new video with Skylynn tomorrow! 
Hey its monday come watch the White Sox take on the Red Sox $2.50 Miller Lite Drafts $4 Svedka Cocktails and 1/2... 
"Don’t drop the same day as Nipsey Hussle... """"@joeyBADASS_: DECEMBER 21ST!""""" 
"COME MEET ALL THE KIDS TODAY at St. Patrick's Day Parade in Downtown Cinci.  If you want to walk with us, please... 
Katy Perry - Ni**as In Paris (Cover): Woah I didn’t think she had it in her...  via @user 
"Rand, Sunday morning is not the time for Sean Paul and Nirvana." 
I'll just stay in &amp; watch Netflix &amp; then just go out tomorrow. 
I’m representin for the seat where Rosa Parks sat...Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped... 
Just wait till Black Friday and Christmas.. Watch for the Gucci flip flops 
"James Franklin's ability to spread the #PennState brand in Washington, D.C., was on full display Monday afternoon. 
Europe AA prices may firm on Asian supply, but not in Q4 - buyers: LONDON (ICIS)--Buyers in the European a... #ICIS 
@user Boss lady Bamboo on Sunday Come Do it Major with BDR 
9/9 - Bring summer reading books for Friday!  Log in to Google Classroom and the on-line book by Friday. 
@user Better to release Yakub tomorrow morning in Mumbai Churchgate or CST station in the peak hours! Our people will take care.... 
After Stephen wright tosses a no hitter into the 6th resulting in a 4-0 win vs David price. Should I sell for degrom? 
@user my dad and I are going to Raleigh Saturday if you wanna go 
"On August 29, ima play Lil Wayne, Tie My Hands,. ima play it 29 times, then ima download Tha Carter IV #respect" 
"#NoComment """"@_Mpho @user @user @user So Xhosa & Zulu guys apply morvite on their faces when it’s hot to avoid sun burn :/""""" 
Friend asked me Fri free not want go party, theme is Harry Potter that cb think I don't know subtle hint for PAP heng I said I got church. 
Do we have any Shreya Ghoshal fans here that would like to go to the concert on Sunday? 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said India attaches high importance to its relations with Iran and expressed keenness to furth... 
The Foo Fighters are at BT Murrayfield Stadium next Tuesday night. Book a table with is for dinner or drinks... 
Tony Blair's former chief of staff want to talk to ISIS @user   
RIP Frank Gifford. The voice of Monday Night Football. I didn't know he was 84. Condolences to his family and friends. 
@user I'm hearing Real Madrid may have the option to block it 
David Wright played 6 innings at 3rd base in Port St. Lucie tonight and went 1-3. #Mets 
Kind of a throwback to Eid when the sun and I guess wind was in our faces 
The Yu-Gi-Oh Legacy of the Duelist series for PS4 is coming to the 5th episode. Have you seen it? Here's the 1st one: 
"Katy Perry Jabs Taylor Swift: Katy Perry may have spilled a little more ""Bad Blood"" in the Taylo... #gossip #news" 
This Saturday we’re in scenic Petrolia - Come one, come all to the Mattole Valley Community Center’s Mid-Summer... 
Weekend pressure at TPC Sawgrass? Look no further than Harris English - 12 shot swing in a day - goes from 67 Fri to 79 Sat 
"Pacino to play Paterno in bio film coming out soon. This will mark Pacino’s 2nd film with the phrase, """"Say hello to my little friend.""""" 
Kris Bryant just hit a 2-run bomb to tie it at 4! Bottom 8th 
Nicki may need a wardrobe change if she plans on winning anything else tonight. #VMAs 
It will be some scene at the NYSE and NASDAQ sites tomorrow morning when trading resumes. The story: how people get to both places. 
@user sup bro,1st of all you were my Fav wrestler from 2011-2014 if like to ask what do u think of  Hulk Hogan being fired by WWE? Cheers" 
IT’S FRIDAY! And if you ignore Rebecca Black, you’ll be coming down to Camberwell for some Friday night hobby.... 
@user No, Kevin you are wrong. The law protects her as well. (or it should) The 1st amendment has been around a lot longer than gay" 
"Today is 'International Talk Like A Pirate Day', or as they call it in Somalia; Wednesday. #dirtypirate" 
"""@SugarHoneey: @user yeaah but i got coursework :("" ummm it’s going to be Friday tho, break time... Hustle up then" 
@user 7abebti, alf alf mabrook! I heard from Latifa that you got engaged to Eid. Mashallah, may god bless you both. Allah ye7meekom. Mwah!" 
"John Fox kicking the field goal on 4th and 1 #shocked 
The Money King: Floyd Mayweather sleeps with 4 women on one bed: Ahead of his September 12 fight with Andre Be... 
This is a tribute to Kurt Cobain. It's the same recording that I already posted, Season's in the Sun, but... 
@user Bom may not be the best main vocalist but she does not have the worst voice in Kpop. Ppl need to stop over exaggerating 
"Saw Rascal Flatts last Thursday with my boyfriend, THEN saw Zac Brown Band the very next day with the Roomie. #TimeWellSpent" 
Splash Dance every Thursday in #Vegas @user come check it out before the pool season ends! 
"I'm going to Milan tomorrow, jen can you come out from nowhere let's meet x" 
Katie Hopkins turns her nose up at people but..   1. Writes for the Sun 2. Was on Celebrity Big Brother 3. This programme  #KatieRules 
"Sitting down with U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow on Tuesday for a chat about Washington, the election, debt ceiling, and more. Stay tuned." 
When you get reality check on 4th day of Eid. 
would like to get to milan for the world tour appearance of  maestro Zubin Mehta in may 
"you should really think about your future *imagines playing holographic guitar for David Bowie's 5th tour of Venus""" 
I just sat in my room and full fledge sobbed over Kurt Cobain's death... I'm fine. This is totally normal. Nothing 2 see here. 
@user May Allah bring an end to the suffering of Syrians , especially suffering of Muslims." 
@user @user given chances they may take interview of Yakub too.....and play it for days with some voting/competition too.... 
@user performing at the Kee on August 18th? Is this real life? Betches retreat ... #thisisourchance 
@user maybe come 13th WWE WH Champion if he beats Seth Rollins for WWE WH Championship tonight's main event #RAW 
I'm now entering my 4th day without watching Game of Thrones, my symptoms are getting worse...... 
Anyone help me i need to write a poem due tomorrow about martin luther king jr. 
For International Talk Like a Pirate Day (September 19th) Representing the Kitties! 
Bobby Jindal Makes Bold Move Against Planned Parenthood - Bobby Jindal may have done something to get the media aw... 
OptaJoe: 1 - Norwich City have now become the 20th and final team of this Premier League season to score a goal from... 
Read all about @user defending his WBO title at the Staples Center in LA on November 10: #boxing 
#Queen is worried about Black M.Hence #Mumbai Riot See#MSM lies thin crowd @ Ramlila on 3rd day:http://t.co/w5NNSQyW n  
"National Herald tainted Rahul Gandhi now discloses Vacations before going AWOL: New Delhi, Dec 27 (PTI) Congre... 
And1 going be at Allderdice tomorrow. Wonder if my brother wants to go 
"Tbh, I was eating and forgot about TVD and I have OCD when it comes to missing the first part of the show... So...I will wait till tomorrow." 
@user Kim Kardashian, May I ask you to check my Profile? Because There's a Limited Secret to 6000 Stars Kim Hollywood" 
'Michael Jackson' appeared on Saturday 29 at the 9th place in the Top20 of Miami's Trends: #trndnl 
Marketing &amp; Sales, 3 marketing lessons from Amazon Prime Day: Even though the social media world may h... Modesto 
"If you're a fan of Nirvana don't miss your opportunity to catch this documentary on the big screen, Fri 11 Sep: 
@user @user @user @user the other picture is bobby jindal or nikki haley or an anchor/tourist baby/14th Amendment 
I'm dressed as Jan off of the Toyota commercial for work today... 
@user  Demi is performing at the Houston Rodeo on March 3 @user 
Winnipeg : Bogosian ready to bring it on with Jets - Winnipeg Sun 
International Break Recap: Neymar, Messi, Rafinha score on Tuesday: Tuesday night was a good one for the Barcelona internationals tha... 
@user @user @user They follow up at 10pm Friday with a FOX News Reporting going after Planned Parenthood. 
;) Seven Penny Stocks to Watch with Heavy Volume for Friday medical marijuana inc 
@user  wait so if you were Emmalin on Army Wives, why aren’t you still acting? If I may ask. Im just so confused haha 
Kelly looks to keep rolling in series opener vs. White Sox - Monday's series opener between the Red Sox and White ... 
"UPDATE on the release of The Beatles - Love Me Do 50th Anniversary 7"""" Vinyl, The record will now be released on the 22nd of October" 
"Seth Rollins may have broken John Cena's nose, but Cena won the match and made Rollins tapped out! @user #Smackdown #Cenation" 
A federal terrorism task force is investigating the fire at Planned Parenthood in Pullman 
Alright watching Monday night raw Neville vs Seth Rollins for the title Neville had then after the three count Rollins put his foot on the 
That awkward moment when John Adams thinks that Independence Day is going to be July 2nd. 
Alone at a McDonald's. Few vestibules away people are talking about Mar's presidency run while the other table talks about Nicki's VMA feud. 
"No it's not, read the bit about Kim Kardashian 
@user So far we've announced iOS and Android versions and we focus on them. This may change in the future though. 
"Iran, Uzbekistan to increase direct flights: Uzbekistan was the 28th leading importer of Iranian non-oil goods...  
Mayweather congratulates and insults Rousey at the same time 
@user @user it could be Theresa May or George Osborne I think? 
Want to win Random Daily Giveaway #7 September 3, 2015 Prize: $25 Nike e-G? I just entered to win and you can too. 
#MIMI4 Performing at Santos Party House, NYC. October 3rd. :: all the way from Seattle! @user  #MIMIReloaded 
Dana White is eyeing July 9th for the rematch between Ronda Rousey &amp; Holly Holm 
Re. Mik, Ram, Lu & C Dog, used to work with a few lads with Eng as 2nd lang, was very nearly major incident over a simple misinterpretation 
[VIDEO] George Harrison: Living in the Material World. (Released November 11) 
Tomorrow is the fire test of Judiciary &amp; Govt institutions on 5000cr NH scam performed by Sonia &amp; Rahul Gandhi @user 
@user @user @user Chuck Norris already has the answers of Monday Night Talking 
French President Francois Hollande is due to hold talks on Monday with the heads of the World Bank and other top economic bodies. 
#isitok that Kanye West may become president of the western world one day? 
Every time I wear this hoodie ... I think of the hoodie march .... And Trayvon Martin ... And the ppl I knew personally who died 
@user so when people joined the IRA after Bloody Sunday &amp; Ballymurphy was it 3rd generation = wise up 
Just finished rehearsing with @user - we are ready for the Kendrick Lamar show tomorrow, shout outs to WVU... 
Jr. Preds won 2nd game against the Columbus Flames 8-0.  Go Preds! 
@user May get a visit just after Christmas as I have more free time. Take care. 
Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday (A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix) [New Song] by music of the heart 
July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day.  Can you guess which MLB team charges the most for hot dogs? 
"Sorry , I have to sleep , tomorrow all day #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"After months of contemplation, I will unveil my remix to """"Ni**as In Paris"""" on the 23rd live." 
Still looking for their first win, Arsenal face Portsmouth twice in a week, this evening at Highbury with the return fixture next Wednesday 
As ridiculous as Ant-Man may have looked it was actually pretty damn good #bigfan 
Murray struggling at moment but I think he'll come strong in 3rd &amp; 4th set to take it to decider #USOpen2015 
Murray sprinting along baseline getting everything back to the South African. But 3rd BP saved. 
@user Yeah and the course is full now! I have to wait and see if someone doesnt enrole tomorrow then i get their place! 
@user In other words suppose if bench is not constituted before 30th than Yakub will be hanged.Is it. 
on january 1st i said this was going to be zayn's year but i had no idea 
Sam Smith confirms he will sing theme to new James Bond film Spectre - The Guardian 
Nirvana cover season in the sun beeges..Marigold cover tenda biru dessy ratnasari cc Marko Vandalisme Koma Iwan... 
Rahul Gandhi at the 31st plenary session of Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) in Delhi #RGwithWorkers 
Calibraska is the 3rd top thing trending on Twitter #CalibraskaEP #GetCalibraskaOniTunes @user 
via @user Don't forget this weekend is the end of Daylight Saving Time. Set you clocks BACK 1 hour Sat night when you go to bed. E 
I'm in bed body rolling to frank ocean on a Saturday night. Heard the fellas like women with no lives that's why I just tweeted this 
Looks like the iPad Mini will be released 11/2. And Apple ordered 10 million for Q4 alone. Holy cow. 
If your going to do a google+ hangout beware and watch this 1st ALL Motovloggers!!! WATCH THIS!!!!! via @user 
@user 1. When did you get into Kpop? Oct 8 '13 
But does anyone wanna go to Boston with me tomorrow to see Richie Hawtin and Loco Dice perform? #cntrltour 
"I would say the same thing Paul Dunne said about nerves on first tee tomorrow ""just make contact with the ball""" 
I’m going to The xx at Rialto Theatre in Tucson, AZ - Feb 17 
so now all i want to do is watch Being Human. And I have enough money to buy the boxset when i go to town tomorrow. asdfghjkl 
Vma's might be using Zayn for promo or may be he is actually going. 
The big day is TOMORROW! Mau XTERRA World Championships at the Ritz Carlton at 9:30AM! 
Louis is going to be seen with Briana tomorrow 
I should go to MC and SC game tomorrow , Just so that I can brag on the BEARCAT and complain about what both teams do. 
@user no where yet i just moved back i gotta go enrole tomorrow but im about to go to grad connect. 
"John Kasich was the 1st one to bring up Reagan, points down for him #Future #GOPDebate" 
Saturday August 18 will be Texas Two Step with our scrimmage beginning around 1:15 p.m. at Gregory Gym. Doors will open at noon. 
No, Serena didn&amp;#x27;t throw the 2nd set against Venus #News #USA 
This was on the 30th of October, and consequently the castaway of Tabor Island had been a prisoner in Granite House for nine days. 
#100Facts   76. I didn't know Kim Kardashian was pregnant with her 2nd kid until she had it. 
rly want Ice Cube and O'Shea Jackson Jr. to star in a new version of Freaky Friday because also Friday 
@user Yeah, I'll see U2 either 2 or 4 times.. and Noel will be ~*special*~.. But he he announces the gig before Nov 13 I'll go U2." 
Roma with an early season statement while Juventus go to 0 points off 2 matches.  
One for your diary. We have reindeer's coming to the garden centre on Saturday the 8th of December. 
was feeling the urge to intrude sm mnl's 3rd floor earlier and check if Paper Towns is still showing. realized 2 things: 
@user Eddie Curry is showing more lift then Dwight Howard who looks like the 2nd coming of Tracy McGrady right now 
The Ravens release their first injury report of the week on Wednesday. Sounds like it will be loaded with names: 
"Didn't it take Kane until, like, November to score his first PL goal last season?" 
I just got tix to Jason Aldean: Burn It Down Tour on Sep 4. Let the countdown begin! @user 
Working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its Wednesday and The Challenge is on #wahh #getmeouttahere 
"Iran ""..has begun to pull back its forces and may be reducing its overall military involvement as the peace process"" 
#cyber1news Iron Sheik didn't take news of Hulk Hogan scandal well: Hulk Hogan hit rock bottom Friday when he ... 
Dam tor and laa play Friday. David price is on the mound. Gotta get back to Yuma thou!shhiitttyyy 
"10+ items yndash; With this special deal for students, upgrade to Windows 7 ...17 Sep 2009 yndash; yquot;In the US,... 
@user THE DONKEY SHOW OPENING TOMORROW at the ADRIENNE ARSHT CENTER @user GET YOUR TICKETS TODAY 
@user a sad but true story Ms. It's also part of the reason I cut myself off chicas under 25.  But c'mon I luv Netflix AND chillin 
"Ed  Sheeran will have a 5 minutes song and in the 1st, 4th &amp; 5th minute you listens to the instrumental and he only sings 2nd &amp; 3rd minutes" 
"My 1st Fantasy team is the hurt boys. Dwyane Wade, Dwight Howard, John Wall & Derrick Rose." 
The wind in the willows played tea for two ~ The sky was yellow &amp; the sun was blue ~ Grateful Dead ~ Scarlet Begonias 
@user - Hi Kandi, when will the next Kandi Factory auditions be? (I just missed June 15th deadline) 
I am sure it will be hot...shame she can't go up against Sam Smith...so they both will dominate 
Eddie lacy and also definitely take Justin forsett if he's available in the third round along with devantae Adams if he's there in the 4th. 
Meek about to have a 2nd wave coming from twitter bc Nicki came harder without a song haha 
Imagine Pope if someone was out their saying they are God? Only the Devil can do that &amp; laugh about it &amp; still see tomorrow 
And they're gonna do a joke where someone from the cast tries to take Zayn's spot and I'm going to laugh angrily  
November 14th Houston Improv GET YOUR TICKETS NOW Houston show is 1 month from today me n my celebrity friends will be in the building 
John Cena has just Turned Heel!!!!! #DownGoesStewart #JonStewartCena #Raw 
"After a leadoff double by @user Ryan Braun grounds to 1st to drive him in. #Brewers lead 1-0 in the 1st. #MILvsPIT" 
shawn is coming tomorrow guess whos not going :( 
"I gotta say, Rubio sounds about as ""presidential"" as any of them. He's a close 2nd to Scott Walker in my book. 
Join Toyota at iGEM this Sunday. On display is the Concept Car FT-Bh. Want to know more? Click here: 
I think it's nice Shawn is trying. As annoying as it may be 
Join us THIS THURSDAY for the Introduction to our Dramatic Reading of Charles Dickens’s A Christmas Carol. 11/1 6-7pm. 
@user As our CS team have explained the last shipping date for delivery to Saudi Arabia was December 3rd 
"Israel may take in Christians, Yazidis, Kurds. But Israel will not just blindly take in any refugee it comes across. 
This from @user on Yakub hanging makes some valid points. You have to think about what you dole out to others. 
David Beckham's son Romeo leads out England with Wayne Rooney for 13th birthday via @user 
"July 30th is a Super Thursday at the Indian courts. Justice being delivered in case after case. First, Yakub. Now, Ambika Soni eviction." 
He smokes weed RT @user :O RT @user Baltimore Sun >> Ravens agree to deal with Ricky Williams 
"Meeting up tomorrow night back at Shawn and Amy's to hang out, eat, and discuss the first chapter from 6:30-8:30. See you then!" 
"Ideally all 29 teams would say no and Kane would be launched into the sun, but here we are" 
"TOMORROW! Scott Walker essentially said black lives don't matter.  Not joking, just saying. #EDWeekly 7 @user 
"Thursday Final Ratings: Astronaut Wives &amp; Under the Dome Flat, Big Brother Slips &amp; 'Beauty and the Beast' Rises #BatB 
@user that may or may not have gone through my head when I typed it bc Sam smith af 
@user The 1971 Act lumps it in with President’s Day and other """"Monday"""" holidays so that federal employees get a 3 day weekend" 
"GPB Isakson Says US Will Avoid Fiscal CliffGPBIn a talk Thursday at the Atlanta Press Club, U.S. Senator Johnny... 
Kim Kardashian blasts Kris Jenner for encouraging Khloe to be with Lamar Odom: In a new teaser for this Sunday... 
"1st look at the new cover for Entertainment Weekly with Chris Evans, Robert Downey Jr and Chadwick Boseman as... 
Wait shit I just realized today is the 6th shit it's been a month since I saw Niall and Harry I'm so emo :// 
Did you know that 'Sam Smith' was Trending Topic on Monday 7 for 3 hours in Liverpool? #trndnl 
"Tomorrow's headlines today: ""Of course Scott Walker doesn't want to build a wall to keep out our friends to the north."" #noideas" 
Would British politicians go to the opera? Angela Merkel flies the flag for German arts. 
Coming up: Hillary &amp; Bernie may be leading in the polls, but @user is still in the race. @user 
"Frank Ocean, you better be working on that album Saturday night since you cancelled your FYF appearance." 
"Not hard to figure out the value in this offer...Mathnasium is offering a free  """"Mathing"""" Workshop on Sunday from... 
Our First FREE Yoga class at ElleWell is this Tuesday at 7:15pm with the lovely Julie Reynolds.  Register online... 
#WWE Monday Night #RAW results - Jon Stewart on why he attacked John Cena 
"in 2016 Justin Bieber's birthday is on a Tuesday, the same day 22 years ago. March 1st 1994 on a Tuesday." 
I was so close to getting this place on Ventura for the 21st but I need an older crowd 
@user are back at Rich Mix on Wed 17 Oct teaching you how to design an app in a day: 
@user Nope tomorrow uefa will decide as real madrid couldnt load up the document 
I'm convinced listening to the Freak Show tomorrow morning will be WAY better than that Sharknado ending. @user @user 
@user @user @user the States ensured SCOTUS could take this action by enacting 14th Amendment 
#YouKnowYoureFromSanDiego if you still call the San Diego County Fair the Del Mar Fair (x 
Shout out to the person that's going to quit a job tomorrow morning because of that Kanye West speech. 
So, I may have just ordered myself an Apple Watch.  Hope I like it 
My 1st pd tchr a newbie, let me see if I can skip the ISS room & go straight to class 
@user @user may I please have the picture of the seatplan for The Vamps Concert please 
Microsoft brings Outlook to Apple Watch: Microsoft made a bigger push in the wearables market on Thursday, but... 
Richard Bland in contention for 1st Euro Tour title with a late birdie charge giving him a 1-shot lead midway through the Italian Open #FSN 
Is Taco Tuesday, see you at El Rodeo de Pico Rivera this Friday . 
Postage for O. Henry stamp unveiled: The U.S. Postal Service on Monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of... 
@user or just watch something more meaningful than Sharknado!! Cmon man! May i suggest @user 's #cosmos - feed your brain yo 
"Get them to write about policy," Jeb Bush says, pointing to reporters, when asked about higher-ed plan. "They may break out in a rash" 
Just a reminder than we will be playing in HMV in Buchanan Street on Tues the 6th :) Time tbc. Hope to see you guys there x 
@user @user April, sure seems he is heading in that direction after meeting with Obama and Muslims." 
@user it's on Sunday huh? Do you know what time? Nia forgot lol 
@user Hannibal was still in the room sat on the chair reading 
Obama doubles down on @user while the GOP dithers. @user 
Pope says marriage annulment should be free, new rules may mean marriages can be annulled in just 45 days in some cases. 
"Stars of tomorrow? UFC boss Dana White points to Paige VanZant, Sage Northcutt: The UFC is on the verge o... #UFC" 
@user Nia's asking if you want a current event for tomorrow? She can print it right now 
Come through the parking garage on 14th and Curtis 
Both Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham want to be the 1st "Matronly" POTUS! 
Ryan Braun went 0-for-2 with a walk in Saturday's Cactus League game against the Angels 
#lvrj where are you celebrating National Hot Dog Day Thursday? @user at @user 
Sunday morning YOGA #activerecoveryday excuse the wild hair and no makeup!!! 
@user Miley may act and be the way she is but she is a good person. Nicki is the one looking for fights anywhere. Embarrassing... 
@user Monster is an anime. Hannibal is a live action NBC show. It just finished its 3rd season. 
For those interested, Mark Martin will make his 850th career NSCS start this weekend (ranked 5th on all-time list). #NASCAR 
Might have to skip my bro’s rival game tomorrow just to watch the Heat vs Knicks and Clippers vs. Lakers 
Mark Dekanich made 35 saves Sunday as the St. John’s IceCaps defeated the Connecticut Whale 3-2 in the American Hockey League. 
ATTN #NYC FOLKS: Guardian has a truck with generators at Union Square/14th Street offering free device recharging Fri 11-8pm. Pass it along 
**Iras Thursday Spectacular** - This Thursday ONLY Ira is offering 25% off all hair services between the hours of... 
"A broken clock is right once a day"--Rick Perry Thurs on Fox #UniteBlue #tcot #oopsididitagain 
@user he will see him only to sign a cheque for me Pogba and Stones!.......careful, we may come for Kane as well" 
Happy Sharknado 3 eve. May the plot be thin and the cameos ridiculous. 
PSN Tuesday: Assassin’s Creed 3, Okami HD:  You can buy all the Assassin’s Creed you can handle on PSN tod... _ _!) 
@user are you going as Wednesday Adams?? 
@user @user we gambled that team would stay third all season, just like we gambled kane alone would get us through 1st games" 
Just got Bel Ami from the Redbox....so that is what I will watching tonight, or tomorrow. 
"Check out my email campaign 'Free WIFI, Christmas Menu & Sunday Night with Andy Lee ' at 
@user @user I hope you're referring to the Ole Miss game.  Play Bama on the 4th Saturday 
Full details of Saudi-led coalition not yet available: Sartaj: Saudi Arabia announced on Tuesday that it had f... 
"Tony Blair in the Sunday Times on ISIS: ""You have got to destroy the idea as well"". A war on religion then? How will that work." 
1st photo with my Galaxy S II and my gfs little rotten apple 
Ready for the Jason Aldean concert tomorrow tho 
The Choreographers’ pieces that made the Fall show will be posted on the FB page, Twitter & posted up in the Murphy Center tomorrow! 
RT @user RT @user These golf balls with Pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at Boehner fundraiser today. ... 
@user @user Also, I want to exploit this convo and say that I'll be writing about U2's catalog for @user in September/October." 
"I'll have a lot more to say on Murray in a #USOpen wrap-up come next Monday, but for now, it's Kevin Anderson's moment in the sun." 
Trump may be in the lead but I really like Scott Walker 
Harden got 25pts in the 3rd. Damn, maybe Lin and Harden can get my Rockets to the playoffs. 
30 August: Taylor Swift accepting her award for Blank Space with the Bad Blood squad at the MTV VMA Red Carpet 
"If you guys are in the Fresno area tomorrow evening go hang out with us at Kuppajoes! We're playing with Limits,... 
Who's tryin to let me stay with them tonight I'll take u to Dunkin tomorrow 
"It appears that Kane is scheduled to return to WWE on Monday. What he'll be doing, I have no idea. But my gut is... 
"We'll be at Food Day Omaha this Sunday, 10/21, 9 am-1 pm, sampling cookie-inspired smoothies with Girl Scouts... 
@user he’s only 4th best British fighter, never mind world champ. 1.HAYE 2.FURY 3.CHISORA 4.PRICE. 
I'm looking in the back of the posters. They're making a 3rd 12 Rounds with Dean Ambrose? GTFO!!! #RAW 
Matt Flynn may possibly not be as good as Peyton Manning is but he was the second decision for the Miami Dolphins. U... 
I’ll be in the Valley for a meeting tomorrow at 11. Anyone wanna quick catchup before or after? 
@user could basically be a female Brock lesnar type but the standard of competition would have to be higher 1st, I could see it happening" 
"Denis Diaz (1.80) shoved 5 innings of 1 run ball in the GCL #BlueJays loss to the Red Sox, Monday. 
If Kanye really did run for president Michelle Obama would still be the baddest 1st lady ever 
David Cameron has flunked it. He now needs to act swiftly, decisively + demonstrate true leadership #RefugeesWelcome  
does anyone want four tickets to Zac Brown Band for Saturday night? 
@user you know how the kris Bryant walked off on the 24th? 
@user By the way 24 Champion s defeated is 2nd most in history ANOTHER stat Floyd Mayweather holds 
@user Rob Zombie with Marylin Manson tomorrow at the Hammerstein Ballroom. I'll be there. 
"At least after work tomorrow I can look forward to 'Epic Win' , 'X Factor'  and the return of 'Doctor Who' .... Tho a Pint may be needed." 
Serena gets past sister Venus in U.S. Open quarterfinals: For stretches of the 27th edition of Williams vs. Wi... 
#MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga Veterans' PTSD may recur down the line | via foxnewshealth | 
Guys you have to tweet these links ( for a solo dm with shawn and taylor 
Kim may have broken the Internet with her body...but Kanye West just broke Twitter with his speech. #KanyeForPresident2020 #VMAs 
@user yo dude we should chill tomorrow, i hit up cole and luke and so far they are willin to chill so it would be us 4 
"LaRoche launches a two-run shot off Tim Byrdak, extending the #Nats lead to 5-1 over the #Mets. His 17th homer of the season." 
LPT4 involved in pursuit through Bentley and St James before the target vehicle lost control in the wet weather Sunday evening. Drugs seized 
@user me and Katie are busy after school we have to go to playtoes and stuff. But Saturday morning. Lets do it! Then beach 
I never expect too much. Expect too much and you may be disappointed. This is referring to this FRANK OCEAN release. Just chill n' wait guys 
Glenn Hoddle says striker Emmanuel Adebayor may struggle to get into the Tottenham team after Jermain Defoe’s fine display against Reading. 
@user go to the bell game tomorrow I’ll take you for. A littlle whippa 
"Ruxandra grew ever closer to Nirvana and Master Po grew ever, well, less as she ate him one piece at a time. #RcR 
@user if it makes you feel any better CBC national is doing a feature on the Kinder Morgan pipeline Wednesday night. #defendourcoast 
"Other than the Super Bowl appearance, this may be the final time Manning and Brees face each other in a regular season game." 
@user are you going over auntie nicki's tomorrow? 
Q2 8:40. Philip Rivers pass to Eddie Royal to the Kansas City 29 for 4 yards. 4th & 1. 
"Blue Jays take the lead, Blue Jays 1, Red Sox 0  Top 1st 
@user @user I can't stop hope the iPad goes flat I gotta work tomorrow. GO TIGES GO TIGES GO TIGES GO TIGES GO TIGES.. 
@user @user @user Real Madrid commuter the same offences as Barcelona and most likely receive a year ban in Jan 
"The plan for David Wright is to play tonight and tomorrow for St. Lucie, have Sunday off, and join the Mets on Monday." 
@user Kane. Still remember the deadline day swoop for Berba. Something similar to happen on Tuesday, maybe?" 
Egypt&#039;s new president Mohamed Morsi on Monday described the relationship between the U.S. and Egypt as some ...  
"Watching """"Valentine’s Day"""" for the 3rd time in a row...haha" 
"Student Innovator of the Year Innovation Palooza on Nov 7 in Brigham Square, check out BYU's next big innovations! 
I hope the plane home tomorrow has Cougar Town and Friends on the tvs. That’s how I spent most of the time flying here xD 
Sinead O'Connor calls out Rolling Stone for putting Kim Kardashian on the cover - Minneapolis Sun Times 
Just commented on @user Amanda Knox appeal enters final stages as it resumes today - 
"An afterglow may appear above the highest clouds in the hour of deepening twilight," 
Iron man 3, hangover part III, the last Friday #2013 
@user tomorrow's breakfast serial suggestion. George Harison was a Beatle,so was Paul McCartney so how about My Love!!!!" 
So sorry to hear of the passing of Frank Gifford.  Prayers to @user and her family.  May God comfort you. #RIPFrankGifford 
New coach; Sunday Oliseh will today have his first outing with Nigeria's Super Eagles as they continue their... 
It is a proven practice for Rodgers which he will likely defend on Friday when he faces the media for the first time 
@user I’ll donate $5 to the homeless guy on 3rd St. if u can talk @user into letting us judge the next Miss America 
I’m so jealous of everyone at the Justin Bieber Concert. No worries tho. Ill be seeing Maroon 5 in march. @user #roadtrippin 
"It will be at 3AM in the morning in Milan, want some company?  
Still can't get over the fact Gordon and I went to see Jurassic World for the 2nd time after he forgot he saw it and I forgot I went w him 
Natural Gas: A Bridge to the Clean Energy Economy | Mark Udall | U.S. Senator for Colorado via @user MARK? C'MON?! 
When the gay marriage thing went thru I sat next to a bunch of politicians that stated he was all about the smaller things in life 
@user do you have any news of an update in October for ios and android users 
@user happy Saturday, anyonr  buy the new adidas jersey, what is the sizing like to nike? Nike always fit me small 
Currently finishing up a brief musical history of the Bond films. Sam Smith's Writing's On The Wall just became the 24th Bond Song! 
Demba Ba is rated as ’50-50’ to make Newcastle United’s trip to Liverpool on Sunday, with the striker nursing a calf injury. 
Floyd Mayweather announces to fight for the last time in September. Will prolly equal Marciano's 48-0 record but wont go out with a bang.... 
Murray down a set and losing 5-2 in the 2nd set to the 6'8 Anderson. Hard to beat the big hitters when they're serving at their best. 
@user @user Brad miss 5th pen, Vermalen to draw and go sudden death! But he misses and Bradford are thru! #CapitalOneCup #Bantams" 
My new book -- Islam's Jesus NOW IN PAPER with a special discount until 1 May via 
Kendall and Shawn the bomb are gonna wake up so hungover on the same couch tomorrow 
"Kanye West, 808s and Heartbreak performed in its entirety for the first time Sat, 9/26 @ Hollywood Bowl" 
Bentley with a floater for two for the Sun, but Pince, Charles, and Cash score to make it 6-2 NY early. 
"Then on Saturday, we'll host a scrimmage open to the public at 1:30 p.m. in Comcast Center. 
"Remember Amy Schumer on  #RedEye.....sadly now I think she may think she is ""to good for panel""" 
Internship Website Launched in Nebraska: Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman today announced the launch of a new web... 
DONT LET US GET ONE TONIGHT. deGrom Tuesday and anything can happen with THOR on Wednesday. 
"this Monday 21st of December, 7:30 PM in Jerusalem, the (unofficial) embassy of Iran will be opened by a group of... 
"PHOTO: Pagara's back with a vengeance; knocks out Montoya in 6th round, takes WBO title. 
"SEPT 9, 2015 WEDNEDAY Schedule  7-8AM Easy Flow with Mariel Real 8:15-9:15AM Mahasana Yoga with Jaya Indra... 
Vallejo this Saturday, Nov 3rd at Concert Pub Galleria in Houston, TX! Showtime @ 10pm. H-town hope to see you there! 
16th hats in the last verse of Bad Blood are soooo sick 
Spotify's Sean Parker and Daniel Ek Make Music -- and Some Noise: The Full D10 Interview (Video):  At the 10th D... 
@user @user That may be different Rahul Gandhi with same parentage. Who knows? Nehru-khan dynasty has many romantic story :) 
"Finally going to get my haircut tomorrow, gonna go with the Brian Cushing look lol." 
@user I wish I could've learned more about Islam in 7th grade tbh 
Picture of EID 2nd day in SOLO. 
"National Women's Day 9th of August, HiFly will be closed for the day." 
Who's going to ED SHEERAN next Wednesday 
#asiabrief Kevin Rudd calls for T-shirt design to rival the Kevin-07 logo - Herald Sun: Brisbane TimesKevin Rudd... 
@user the words: unbowed, unbent, unbroken under a sun with a spear going through it. 
"John Kasich: ""I Don't Read A Bible To Figure Out What I Think"": Gov. John Kasich sat down with Dana Bash to ta... 
"MexTraxx - US Tennis Open Results, Missing Money, Kanye West Vma Speech, ...: US Tennis Open Results   Missing Mon...  - We track for you" 
"Chad, Kane &amp; S Burgoyne played in the guts with Lade at his peak in 07. Along with P Burgoyne those five took us to 2nd, but we lacked depth" 
Bobby Jindal's executive order on the Westboro Baptist Church troubles ACLU K So @user will get on a TRO by tomorrow? 
"me: c'mon Izz, Zayn isn't performing with the weeknd. Good things like that never happen." 
When Hulk Hogan came out as Hollywood Hogan... or when the Undertaker was beaten at Wrestlemania... c'mon man... drake not even in top 5 
Brewers RF Ryan Braun gets a day off Tuesday vs. Cubs #RyanBraun #FantasyBaseball 
Wednesday's FEC filing will name some of Koch donors for the first time.  via @user 
@user idk about Thalia but I gotta work Saturday :/ 
David Wright doing David Wright things. On to the 13th still 5-5 
Two from the Vault by Grateful Dead (CD, Aug-2004, 2 Discs, Grateful Dead) 
"LADIES!  BULK ORDER GOES IN TOMORROW AT 10PM CST!  1 more day to give me your orders for ANY Younique product,... 
HARAKAH: Iran army monitoring all ships in Gulf: TEHRAN, Oct 28: A senior commander of the Islamic Revolution Gu... 
"Seth Rollins, the Authority Must Break Up to Create Better Storylines:  This past Monday, following the ""in me... 
Time to hit the sheets! Running a half marathon tomorrow at Pomona Fairplex for SRLA~ #srla #goodnight 
"One for your diary. We have reindeer's coming to the garden centre on Saturday the 8th of December," 
Did we all forget about Kendrick's Black Friday track? Lawwwd 
@user SCOTUS determined that to be the 14th amendment's due process clause and equal protection clauses. #Oberfeige #readityourself 
#worldheavyweightchampionship Seth Rollins losing would make a lousy Monday into the best day ever 
@user a couple of hours after that tweet, I heard that it is still on the cards. Big Brother may be watching..." 
"Last words of Yakub "" I did a mistake, May allah forgive me"". did any rascal who stood for him understand what he meant ?" 
"Kim Kardashian Wears Star Wars' Princess Leia's Slave Bikini in Throwback Pics From Kanye ...: On Friday, the ... 
Maybe on Monday I'm going to see Ant-Man with the squad 
"Official: Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid will face off Sunday October 4, will be played at 20:30, at the Calderon." 
@user I think this kid is a wrestler?!? Imaaa talk to you tomorrow about it! 
Rolling stone watchful eye gratuity seeing that celebrating the octave of april: Wiphbdute 
The Bee Gees Into their 5th decade along with me in life. Like Barry and myself.......Alone. 
"I think sure Nicki may have been joking though, if she had real beef I feel like it would be a lil scarier." 
"As Vanuatu gears up for tomorrow's national elections, what DO the people  want from their leaders? 10pm MEL, PORT VILA" 
monday is going to be so strange when i go back to school to get my GCSE stuff 
@user @user are having @user day Saturday. Want to go? Avs prospect Michael Clarke plays for Windsor. 
Gucci baggy skin below the eyes subconscious self desire february procreate the match thine distinctive way ou... 
"I just realized. After the whole slow mo march of T. Swift and her squad in Bad Blood, all she and Selena did was slap each other?" 
"Yall can say whatever about the patriots ""cheating"" Tom Brady is innocent and will win his 5th ring this season" 
Brook Marie had the chance to attend the 10th Annual Honey Shine Mentoring Program Luncheon yesterday at Jungle Island with a few... 
Have you ever noticed that the Gay Activists never go after Muslims...? 
"Shawn :'( @user No please , stay until 18 September in Madrid, is I'm going to Madrid on 17. Stay please ." 
6:by the time you conjure the record you might notice #a change in atmosphere,that’s fine,whatever may be,is probably related to the record 
"Hondo's bread on Fred: Hondo endured his customary Saturday night wipeout last night, crashing with the Yankees ... 
"Can someone txt me/ @ reply me if we get any SWR related news tonight, I'll be at young adults at Church so no Internet." 
@user know y GOP's won't support the Iran Deal. GOP's swore on Obama's 1st Inaug Day 2 block him.It's Y 
"Totally different than Thor saying he's ""got tricks up his sleeve."" #TakeTheCrown 
Want to speed up your sharing? Automate a few things from your iOS device? Workflow may be the solution. 
"This sunday you will be my bitch, Seth Rollins hahahahahaha #RAW" 
@user yo, ugly are you ready for DIGI tomorrow? 
@user yesssss it’s true. Wednesday London Thursday Luton Friday Luton. ARE YOU DOWN. GO HARD ’OUR’ GO HOME (remember that) LMFAO 
@user I fly that Saturday the 15th from Detroit to Amsterdam then up to Newcastle 
"New Cher single coming on Monday to iTunes, """"Woman's World"""". This is the official streaming from Warners on YouTube: 
JUNIORS. Tomorrow is the last day to order class rings! Herf Jones will be at school from 8-8:45. 
sungkyunkwan scandal on ABS-CBN.. i just finished the series yesterday..:))))) i may sound like a spoiler now <evil laugh> 
UCLA football may move Brett Hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks #UCLA 
Just me who thought Conor McGregor may not have fully answered the Wrestler question last night?! He was taken down at will to be fair?! 
Are you attending the Pride Parade this weekend? Join our float and march with us! #CapitalPride 
@user i remember wen i saw u Jan 10 2011 i was @ Northern LIghts in Albany and i was way in the back and u waved to me ilu follow me! 
Need S10 but will probably wait until around Black Friday since it would be just $10 in stores and on Amazon. 
Football:  Mercyhurst 21, Bentley 14 (Halftime) Bannerman takes it in from the 3 with 14 seconds in half, his 2nd TD of game #NE10 #D2FB 
Sunday Times launches the Marie Colvin scholarship, seeking future foreign correspondents, under 26. deadline sept 30: 
My dads seeing Paul McCartney for like the 6th time and yet he still asks me why I need to keep seeing Taylor swift??? 
I'm really just wondering if this would've happened if Zayn was still in the group 
@user @user Been in alliance for quite some time and may be to counter Saudi Arabia. Qatar had recently agreed deal with Iran. 
@user Season ends with Superbowl in first week of February. 
Assange: I’ll Stay in Embassy Until U.S. Backs Off: Julian Assange, founder of WikiLeaks, said Thursday he won’t... 
And tomorrow is the day that David Guetta will come to play at Fort Canning. 
@user yes, it may seem difficult to believe. Kpop fans are literally everywhere though...." 
Friday roast - Google spins Google+, gives masterclass in bad blogging - I had some fun with this one :#goners :) 
At the 13th International Hispanic Awards in Indian Wells. 
Convinced I woke up too late for there to be pumpkin crumb cake donuts left at Dunkin so I'll just go back to sleep until tomorrow ttyl 
#MLB #Mets David Wright will not be in the starting lineup for Wednesday's game vs Philadelphia. 
I didn't see he had a meeting with Sarah Palin in his schedule. 
State TV: Requests 2 join Israel gas deal trial to the one today under Judge Ahmed Refaat. Next we'll add Amanda Knox trial to Refaat's! 
At last the dam breaks: Gay couple gets license to wed in Kentucky county: via @user 
"Murray about to get sent home. That ranking means nothing man, 15th vs 1st and you would never know...#usopen2015" 
also if they were gonna break up why didn't they just do so in march when zayn left wheres the logic 
The two minor leaguers masquerading as #Angels in the 8th/9th spots in their lineup have been horribly overmatched vs #BlueJays David Price 
Livication is playing next Friday night at dipiazza’s! Mark your calendars, and prepare for your newsfeed’s to be blown up with info! 
"*at school tomorrow* friend: ""did you see what Niall tweeted Ca-""  Me :   friend: nvm 
"Selling one Friday lollapalooza pass (Paul McCartney, Flying Lotus, The Weeknd) DM me 4 tips (if you'd like to purchase)" 
@user well when you get off come on and tomorrow you have to be @ the murphy center tomorrow @ 11 am!! be on time please 
@user are you and the girls still coming down on Sat? Beth can order the Paper Towns tickets on Thurs if so. 
Fact: Trying to escape the bed in the morning may require some expertise in Jiujitsu. 
Monsanto's Roundup herbicide disrupts hormones - even with glyphosate exposures below ... - 
#Russia's #Putin discusses Syrian crisis on phone with Israel's PM    
Tom Brady was drafted in the 8th round right? - @user  #ThereAreOnly7Rounds 
What do you think about Google possibly buying Twitter? Especially after the collapse of Google+? #socialmedia 
"How about Walker Rd (top of hill) and streets off Walker (Spring Hll, Knollwood, Maple, Oak)? Out since Monday. Trees/wires on Walker down," 
Check out this contest to win 1 of 5 $130 Party Packages from @user &amp; @user for the July 14th event at The KEE! 
Launched back in June, here is a pic of the Lexus #hoverboard in action  #martymcfly 
...Ask Tony Blair - or US officials - they'll tell you what empowered ISIS @user 
This Sunday at Nikki Beach Miami Legendary Oscar G once again bringing done the house! Last time we hit OVER 
Saturday night = horror movie marathon night with friends. The Devil Inside. Done. The Ring. Next up. 
Zach Duke gives up a solo homer to Jose Ramirez in the 9th. White Sox lead now at 7-4. 
1st time I’ve seen Eleanor respond to hate o.o  she seems to sweet to say 1 mean thing! 
"Dude @user , Paper Towns tomorrow at 1430. I'll dm you the location. Let me know if you're available or not." 
"When Rahul Gandhi accuses you of heading Suit-boot ki sarkaar,he may not be wrong Sir @user have you done for Bundelkhand &amp; UP?" 
How many days does it take for Frank Ocean to drop his album?   The world may never know... 
Shane Stewart made an overnight trip to the Eldora Speedway wear he grabbed is 18th win of the season on Sunday! 
"David Wright, who has struggled with men on base the last few days, comes up in a big spot here in the 7th. 5-5. #Mets" 
Mar if you have an iOS device, you should download our app too: 
Super Girls:Dillion Harper gets kinky with April ONeil in saphic massage  #BigTits 
Rick Santorum and Paul Ryan were butt fucking one night, and Rick said, ’Ouch baby, slow down with that HUGE log, I may make a Santorem’ Ha 
You know Gaga was cackling as she made her 6th sacrificial offering of the day while Nicki called out Miley last night 
"Deals to acquire David Price, Troy #Tulowitzki &amp; Ben #Revere at the trade deadline have helped spark the #BlueJays 17-4 surge since July 29." 
@user @user If Israel withdrew from West Bank tomorrow it would be taken over by Hamas, ISIS or Iran in a week." 
No match for KMW Reserves this Saturday, believe 2 of the younger members are daft enough to be going to The Valley instead #ohdear 
Jason Aldean isn't going to play Texas Was You Thursday night and I can honestly say I'm upset about it 
Penicuik House rises from ashes in Minecraft: To mark the 25th national Doors Open Day, the Scottish Civic Tru... 
"Justin Bieber looked as to me again, made them you may raise a thousand a-year is strange,"" replied he, ""independent of the" 
[Chicago Sun-Times] Dealing Quintana could make sense for White Sox #RedSox 
"Escobar, the man the White Sox traded away, doubles off the base of wall in center. He's 2 for 2.   #C'mon" 
Holiday Meal in Curtis and Huffman Tuesday 12/8/15 during regular dinner hours.  Check the menu online 
@user I was going to til  I saw "hate Seinfeld" .... Yea about that shirt..go ahead and wear Crimson to Knox Friday night 
May as well pay your T.V Licence direct to George Osborne as the B.B.C. seems to be an extension of the tory party's manifesto... 
"Seth Rollins is sitting next to a certain woman that you may have seen, uh, all of." 
The only reason I'm going to school tomorrow is BC I can't fail nicki 
"sat and watched he lesner and reigns wrestleMania fight , still got emotional because of seth rollins the prick" 
May #OldGlory wave long &amp; proud--may the Muslims offended by the sight of it leave &amp; never come back. Period. 
@user That's like saying Kim never actually said Nicki's name in Black Friday. You know who was the target. 
@user Looks like one of those massive U2 heads you used to see on TFI Friday. 
@user has worn the same two shirts during the 3rd and 4th rounds of the @user that he wore during the Honda Classic 
April 17, 1986 Madonna at the At Close Range premiere 
Woman with a smartphone asking for directions as if Google maps doesn't exist. Phone may be smart, the user wasn't. 
as much as i may hate Chelsea most of the time, she makes me want to do so many rebellious things. 
I think thanks to ARF and the anti Monsanto  movement   I may be devoloping a T shirt addiction.. 
Tonight's YouGov poll is the first since last Wednesday to show a Labour lead. 
@user under pressure release, Eurovision, Victory album realease, 1st European Tour, Eurosong waterline, your fav pic with them 
True. True. Very true. FALSE.  Go out and get some attacking help before you run Kane into the ground. #COYS  
Paid In Full, Juice, the Friday movies and ATL are classics. 
@user @user 2nd one is mostly B/G but they did do a G/G scene with @user & @user which was abt 50 mins. 
on my YM shit right now. just finished listening to I Am Not A Human Being. now going onto Pink Friday. after this, hello Careless World. 
Do you want to win a free pair of tickets to see Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean this Saturday night?!?! Come to... 
Ice Cube told us what he wants you to get from #straightouttacompton in theaters August 14th.  
"Friday Night Lights at GCA! GCA vs. FCA, tonight at 7:00 pm, Home Come out and """"FILL THE HILL"""" with RED! 
#OTD 16 October 1834 Fire destroyed a large part of the Houses of Parliament in London. @user @user 
"RT @user The only dirty bombs on Sunday will be the ones launched by Mark """"Dirty"""" Sanchez and the Jets as they pummel Romo's Homos ..." 
"no i mean street urchin diva (tramp from the ghetto) who latches right onto Islam, may Allah make it easy, Ameen." 
Do you know what is happening tomorrow at Yerba Buena Center in San Fransisco? #iPhone5 #iPhone5 #iPhone5 #iPhone5 #iPhone5 #iPhone5 
The Pacers are counting on Paul George to step up, Gerald Green and DJ Augustin are your adds... Nat 2nd in the East, son. 
"CNN changes criteria for GOP debate, likely sending Carly Fiorina to prime time:  On Tuesday, CNN changed the ... 
Donald Trump pledges 2 forgo a 3rd- party run. While Chris Christie pledges never 2 run let alone jog as he sometimes forgets his nebulizer. 
So I thought yesterday was Tuesday. I’m thinking today will be a little like the movie Ground Hog Day. 
Auburn will square off with UCF, Texas A&M, Ohio St, LSU, Tennessee, Texas Tech and Houston in the women’s finals of the 4x1 at 12:05 on Fri 
"Liverpool Echo: Martin Odegaard: I spoke with Liverpool FC, but Real Madrid the best choice #lfc" 
if the song with jack and jack ft. alli simpson is on Calibraska I may have to brace myself and not download the EP 
@user @user To be fair, I'd refuse to agree with David Cameron if he said the Sun was an excrement-stained rag. 
"1992 The Sports Page, Cowboys, The Kingfish &amp;the Oaks everywhere to get to you,Taurus May 4th Fontenot love 
The Uncut Ultimate Music Guide dedicated to Fleetwood Mac (on sale in the UK on Thursday Sept 10  Read more at... 
Cycling Mission with Passion Team #Ride2Light Rahul Kumawat etal at Sangam University Bhilwara 15 Oct 2014  
Kanye West becomes the 1st rapper ever to be on the cover of The New Yorker Magazine...but something looks a bit off 
"Watch Nicki call Miley out. Watch Miley's reaction. Watch Rebel's ""whoa"" in the background. C'mon, BuzzFeed. Let us collectively get a life." 
Though SOPA and PIPA were defeated in the US, a similar bill was passed in the Philippines. 
@user Flight landing in Jakarta at 15:15 on December 25. Can we make the AirAsia flight at 19:35 same day to Bali? Separate bookings 
black dude just set civil rights movement back 300 yrs. Dr.King is rolling in grave wishing he’d called in sick 4 that march in DC. #XFactor 
"LaBron's going to be moderating that, if I understand -- John Kasich on Thursday's Cleveland Fox debate ... #VotersFirst" 
.@RubenKihuen also didn't budge on backing Planned Parenthood, came out for boots on the ground to defeat ISIS. Back to 5:30 everywhere Fri. 
I'm Team Nicki but I would never openly say something bad about Taylor Swift because I think she may have snipers on retainer. 
October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at L&amp;#8217;Arc. 
the 2nd one chris brown was performing with big sean & i was picked to go on stage & then i ended up being CBs wife & Brentley was his ! hah 
6 match points in a row now for Anderson in the 4th set tie breaker; surely Murray has lost this... #USOpen #FlushingMeadows 
"Haha the top 5 most popular shirts on the NFL store are all Jarryd Hayne jerseys, Tom Brady is 6th" 
"This Friday night, Terra Nova football is playing one of our teams up here... I can do a little something for you guys if you want..." 
[TV] 6 Music Live Hour (BBC 6 Music) Tue, Aug 11, 2:30 AM Chris Hawkins presents Fleetwood Mac at the BBC's Paris Theatre in London in 197.. 
"Pattaya Mail: SONGKHLA, Dec 16 - Hotels in Hat Yai, the business center of this southern province, have been ful... 
@user Could you verify, is Moto G 3rd gen AptX enabled?" 
@user I hear Adam Lambert's gonna be on 10 On Top tomorrow morning!! Did you see him on the PLL Halloween episode? 
I should just ditch school tomorrow and go to Disneyland 
"I need Dustin Johnson to remember who he is and that it's Sunday, not Thursday" 
Frank Gifford dying on Hall of Fame weekend is strangely bittersweet. He and the Monday Night Football broadcasting team were the best ever. 
Dinner tonight at the corner of Mass Ave and Alabama from 5pm-8pm!! See you all there!! Don't forget to try the  #Lulu!! #getyourfix 
@user It'll be Checkmate soon and Russia will control the Board, Iran is already taking delivery of Russian Tanks,may join BRICs!" 
@user  ....but ...""What is the evidence that Yakub is a terrorist"" neutral journos may ask 
@user Louis Saha could become the 8th player 2 score 4 6 different PL teams this weekend.Can u name the 7 who’ve dne it? 
Look for me tomorrow with the @user and @user at #Vancouver's Pride Parade. @user 
Oct 15: NIA finds that the mud hut/madrassa at Simulia (Burdwan) has a secret tunnel under it which led to the nearby ponds. #BurdwanTerror 
"Is Caitlyn Jenner more attracted to men or women? On this Sunday's episode of I Am Cait, the 65-year-old reality star is faced with that" 
Should I go to the MLK game tomorrow ? 
Kanye West performing 808s &amp; Heartbreak @ the Hollywood Bowl Sept 25 &amp; 26. Poster Photography by Nick Knight #donda 
@user May I have your opinion on GMOs and Monsanto? If you've already voiced an opinion my apologies. 
Article 54: A Bro is required to go out with his Bros on official Bro holidays; halloween, New Year’s Eve, and Desperation Day (February 13) 
@user Thomas, you must use this against Harper even if it did come from Ignatieff.  
Watch the 2012 Independent Spirit Awards THIS SATURDAY and chat live with @user and @user 
Amanda Knox Wins Another Round in Appeal: Amanda Knox won a skirmish today in the appeal of her murder convictio... 
Snoop Dogg at Late Night with Jimmy Fallon #VMAs 
@user :p nd im on job since 3rd day of Eid :( 
What's good this Thursday? #TBT to Nicki and Miley's heated exchange at the #VMAs! #MileyWhatsGood : 
In the UFC game Conor McGregor is the 2nd weakest in his weight class but guess who is champion now? 
HQ || Niall at the US open in NYC (Sept 2nd 2015) 29-32 
Play with Sketsa @ Java Jazz, 2 March, 8 pm, Lobby stage 
I wish Chelsea went to Lakeland. Picture day is tomorrow. She'd have more time to prepare. 
"Remember when Soulja thought he was Lil B, then Gucci, then Chief Keef, now he tryna be the 4th Migo ctfuu" 
France is our oldest ally. But @user couldn't be bothered to go to the Charlie Hebdo march. Just shut up. 
No power at home, sat in the dark listening to AC/DC in the hope that it'll make the electricity come back 
Fudgeeee guys kailangan talaga natin bumotoooo as of now were on the 16th spot #MTVStars The Vamps 
"Since my bro broke his arm he has choice of Sunday film so now we're watching Sharknado, sounds class" 
May Allah make us buy the best animal &amp; sacrifice at Eid. 
@user everybody thought that @user was on stage last night i wonder when he's actually comming to detroit 
Nike trying to change the online game  
"I still havent set up my voicemail on my phone so tomorrow when I do it its gonna be like ""hey its -"" then its gonna cut to john cena" 
@user I wish Chelsea sign Lucas Leiva and American national team player Jones in the January transfer window. 
"Still hungover and what not with no plans on this Saturday evening so this means I should see Paper Towns again, right?" 
Blake Griffin Poster Dunk over Kendrick Perkins (6ft.10) in HD (Jan. 30) that’s why you roll after a pick. 
"DON'T WORRY, they are going to kill the Sharknado w/ a wall of fire that's hotter than the sun, NASA is helping them, it's a legit plan." 
@user Still remember all your 1st names, bar Shotton. Had a huge Utd squad poster on my bedroom wall. You lot were in the front row. 
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire ~J.K. Rowling ~1st~ HB/DJ  ~2000 
Kinda getting annoyed seeing I was paying yet my sisters decided no movies today xP At least I'll watch Ant-Man with a discount tomorrow &lt;.&lt; 
@user ohh. Haha there were just two stories about NASA... Sharknado will have to wait until tomorrow night. 
I have to rewrite an essay for tomorrow and I have no motivation to do it and I'm just sitting with my head on my arm with David Bowie on 
@user I bet the BBC chose the 'Celebrity' 1st, the City that was Blitzed was then matched up 
"CONCLUSION: AfME has rolled for 14 Aug 15; the leadership change in Boko Haram may ""bring them to the table"" by some accounts. -JT" 
Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh says he's happy with the draw point yesterday. Did U? #ChampionByDonYom #ChampionByDonYom #ChampionByDonYom 
@user @user What is the actual date for Josh Bradley’s bday?? July 14 or 15?? I get mixed up with international time haha. 
Nicki may be a black woman but you're forget shes a RICH BLACK WOMAN! 
@user @user A different Robbie. Also, Kerry doesn't know I brought Madelines to you and Engadget on Friday but she was gone. Shhh. 
Nicki Minaj Confronts Miley Cyrus Live on Stage at the VMA's. Sunday night Nicki called Miley out in a way that... 
Let’s end my Friday madness set with some vintage Francis M. #coldsummernights 
"I've got two tickets to Iron Maiden, baby, come with me Friday don't say ""maybe"" Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby like you." 
Limaland Motorsports Park tomorrow night to watch the WoO light it up.. then heading to Eldora Speedway for the... 
Beyond Obama’s Hope: the work of Shepard Fairey 
"Shinji Kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on Tuesday, to support children in areas hit by the Japan Earthquake. [jakart...  #MUFC" 
"Wait, did Taylor bring Nicki on stage when she won on Sunday? I didn't think so..." 
SunDate with @user #araneta #sunday #pba #basketball #bff #tween #igers #igfame @ SMART Araneta Coliseum 
"Taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term: <strong>TAIPEI (Nov 2, 2012)</strong>: Taiwan's high court said Friday it has extended ex..." 
Huge business trip for the team. Match in Philly tomorrow at 7 against Drexel 
"Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said Thursday that signing a Republican loyalty pledge is about ""your word"" but" 
Don't know if to get the Moto G (3rd Gen) or GS4 Mini. :/ 
@user I think you can no longer sync to your symbian device, as Nokia account have ceased to exist on the 24th of April IIRC 
Mindful Monday: Every Monday we discuss the best practices for IRA investors  
I think I may have avocado, with lemon on toast soon. 
Coach Quesada at 1st getting a little air time on MLB Network with some guy named David Wright....! #flcbaseball 
"Dustin Johnson got an 8 on the first hole today, so it must be Sunday." 
"Saturday Night Fever (Bee Gees, You Should be Dancing) John Travolta HD 1080 with Lyrics 
"so @user tease a secret ""3rd person"" to join Dean Ambrose &amp; Roman Reigns to take on Wyatt Family, then tweet a pic of em with Baron Corbin!!!" 
Final thought: at some point Kanye West sat down his wife Kim Kardashian and said he wanted to run for president. What a time to be alive... 
"RT @user lol, imma Real Madrid fan, i dont want Barca to win :D. And I can see that Barca is winning, crap haha. C'MON REAL F ..." 
Tickets purchased to M83 at the Hammerstein Ballroom on Wednesday night. 
Samsung Unpacked 13 August: Where to watch live stream of Galaxy Note 5 launch: How to watch the live video st... 
"Defining Twilight : Vocabulary Workbook for Unlocking the SAT, ACT, GED, and ... 
DTN Bangladesh: BPL issues to be decided Nov 1: Bangladesh Cricket Board will take a final decision on the Bangl... 
What time is the Wagner vs Curtis game Friday? 
@user cont1.. Gandhi has contacted you and collected the documents. You may contact him on  9310404065 for further status of.. cont2 
"Aaand @user is 1st to break the seal on Christmas marketing this year. Should have guessed from the ppl who brought u """"cyber monday""""" 
May this independence day win us from Yakub mercy petitioners and media terrorist.  
In her session at the 11th International Cloud Expo, Lauren Cotugno, Distinguished Technologist, Cloud Consultin... 
Coming to DC: Open Acting Workshop with Tom Todoroff on Nov 14th #constantcontact 
Be wary any time Walker says he isn't seeking: Scott Walker: I'm Not Seeking To Repeal Birthright Citizenship (VIDEO) 
"It's National Ice Cream Day. Or as we diabetics call it, Thursday. 
BBC's Eggheads CJ de Mooi thinks he may have killed a mugger while living homeless as teen 
Woods Sputters In Third Round At Bridgestone: Tiger Woods slipped further down the leaderboard Saturday after ca... 
Search on for absconding ’rapist’ footballers: Police: Kolkata, Nov 1 (IANS) Police are still on the ... @user 
@user why don't you like John Kasich? He is rising in the polls, 2nd in NH. He's picking up endorsements, yet no coverage from you." 
"""""Music of the Sun"""", """"A Girl Like Me"""", """"Good Girl Gone Bad"""", """"Rated R"""", """"Loud"""", """"Talk That Talk"""". > > > > > > > >" 
Video - Kurt Cobain solo album to be released in November&gt;To coincide with DVD/Blu-ray release of Brett Mor...http://t.co/4V0Li8OZb6 #video 
@user Another walk-off - this time Josh Hamilton gives the Rangers the win  His 9th career walk-off hit  veee el piedrero 
@user @user our store is reopening in Milan on Sat.. Go buy all the Disney stuff and also bring back a trophy and pizza! 
Astrology may be just a load of bull... but some of it is scary true and the other half is well you can figure that out! #D3Random 
@user @user Scott Walker's having a meet'n'greet 2 blocks from me Wed morning. SO tempted to go &amp; soak up the absurdity. 
"ARRL: The K7RA Solar Update: A coronal mass ejection (CME) hit the Earth on September 30, triggering a jump in g... 
[the Sun daily] US clerk jailed for blocking gay marriage released: CHICAGO: The US county clerk sent to jail ... 
National Herald case: Rahul Gandhi ready to go to jail  May God grant Pappu his wish at the earliest !! 
Watch by mid December, Dwight Howard is gonna want a trade BACK to Orlando!!! 
@user can u tweet me updates from the Warriors game tomorrow? 
At Target ... Prince - 3rd Eye Girl and Lenny Kravitz ... I aways check out the CD section #RealMusic 
@user -- tomorrow." Hannibal squeezed half the contents across his lover's burning cheeks. 
"I may watch Sharknado, but I draw the line at Lavalantula.   I have my standards." 
"Holliday just asked Pap if this was the most exciting game he's ever been in. Uh, he ended the Red Sox 1st WS win in 86 years, so prob not.." 
#HarryPotter fact: JK Rowling, Harry Potter and actor Daniel Radcliffe all share the same birthday, July 31. 
"At Wembley, England-San Marino in the Thursday night Europa League slot" 
"No amount of effort can save you from oblivion." --Kurt Cobain #MONTAGEOFHECK // AUG 7 // 
Cable describes David Cameron as pretty hands-off and predicts @user will become the next Prime Minister. 
@user SCOTUS would be hypocritical in re-affirming the 4th circuits ruling, but at the same time HW was kind of broad himself... 
Hanley Ramirez (shoulder) remained out of the Red Sox' lineup Wednesday. 
MT @user I will be on CBS Friday morning, speaking about the possible link with global warming and the hurricane. 
anybody want to pick me up at LAX on november 20 ? haha 
undertaker is going to defeat Brock lesnar  
"Richard Bland is going to be my Plan B, I need to talk to my guidance counselor tomorrow." 
Who’s going to be on the 360 tonight?? Been awhile since the whole gang have kicked it on Gears3 
iPhone 5: Apple CEO pledges to improve new map app: Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized on Friday for the company’s er... 
Carly Fiorina may not be joining the next debate - Carly Fiorina may not be considered to join the next debate due... 
#politics Dark side of the secret ballot?  Donald Trump and Sarah Palin may win big by going nativist  via @user 
Kanye West announced he was running for president in 2020 during the MTV VMAs on Sunday. The bold declaration... 
"There is still time to register for """"Happiest Baby on the Block""""!  Come have brunch tomorrow morning, learn how... 
#Snowpocalypse update: Every city in between Montgomery and the Florida panhandle is shutdown until thurs #winterweather" 
RUMORED: The boys will be going on an Australian Tour on February 31 next yr :) 
Did you know that 'Bobby Jindal' was Trending Topic on Friday 24 for 7 hours in Baton Rouge? #trndnl 
Cena vs Seth Rollins  Monday night  raw cena wins and retains the  United States  championship  the  champ is here 
Robert Fisk   Thursday 3 September 2015   Refugee crisis: David Cameron lowered the flag for the dead king of... 
"Just when I think I may be done with wrestling, John Stewart screws John Cena." 
"Published on Sep 2, 2015 Rowen County Clerk Kim Davis ""Stands Firm"" against the Supreme Court on Gay Marriage... 
Cowboys' Tony Romo still searching for career moment via USA TODAY >same things were said about Dirk  Title cures all 
Participate in Independence day contest and Get a Chance to win Moto G 3rd Gen on 18 August 2015.... 
@user Travone Who do you think will win this sunday UNDERTAKER or BROCK LESNAR 
"Yoenis Cespedes gets on with a fielder's choice, but is stranded as David Wright strikes out.  #Mets 6 #Phillies 5 middle of 9th inning." 
@user @user @user  Shawn from @user may call in from the hospital and confess how he catfished @user 
"WTO members meeting as the General Council on 26 October 2012 have agreed to Laos joining the organization,... 
Like I heard so many people complain about Kendrick's flow on TPAB but loved Black Friday. When he used the same EXACT flows in that. 
#Netanyahu Obama to deliver his last State of the Union on Jan 12: Obama sees the Iran nuclear ac... #Israel #UHF 
"Just in: West Indies team to go home after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala. No 5th ODI, no one-off T20 and no three- Test series. #INDvsWI - P ..." 
best part about Italy getting back the 4th spot is that 7th will now get Europa league soccer. Will make it easier for Milan 
Why not give Rick Perry a look?  He is a Christian conservative with a proven record of 12th largest economy world. 
"We'll be talking about Seth Rollins' #WWENOC Title Matches, #RAW &amp; more #BustedOpenLive tomorrow from 2-4PM EST on @user Rush Channel 93" 
I am looking for to the release of Go Set a Watchman tomorrow by Harper Lee . I am NOT happy with all the spoilers  telling me about  it. 
wish I could post my real feelings about Kanye west without hurting my future career whatever that may be... 
If you are attending the Sustainable Brands London Conference in November please let us know! #SBLondon #LinkedIn 
@user from what I think you're asking, in no order. Future, Drake, Thug, Cole, Kendrick and Tiller a close 6th" 
"New African force set to take on Boko Haram soon: Nigerian president: In a related development on Tuesday, the...  
@user I'll tell you more tomorrow but Miley was throwing shade at Nicki and Nicki just called her out 
#stamps The U.S. Postal Service made a special delivery Saturday at the L.A. Times Festival of Books’ Poetry Sta... 
So Moto G (3rd Gen) it is. Now the long wait for it to be delivered! 
@user Hi there. This is Arjhay pal of Ira. May I know if what apps are you using when the prompt appear? 
"Kluber takes perfecto into 6th, but Tribe falls: Kris Bryant hit a walk-off home run with two outs i... #fanrates" 
"Mythbuster: The truth about rules, relievers, Ryan Braun and more 
"My new sounds: I'm Not the Only One - Sam Smith Feat. Joe Budden, Mr. Probz and Harry May (mashup) on #SoundCloud" 
@user Landry and Roberts are out there too. Would you cut Asiata for a 2nd WR for FLEX or just start JHill Cin? Also down Jennings. 
"Fit Fix: ""It's Rousey"" Next for Holly Holm, Dana White Says: Holm-Rousey IIThe rematch is set for July 9, Dana White told the LA Time..." 
"Tuesday is typically 'me' day...I go to Dunkin, I see a movie, I get Taco Bell... But too many people need me today:-/" 
@user People expect us to land a Tom Brady in the 6th with TD at the helm. Not gonna happen. 
when you tell your dad you saw Straight Outta Compton and you find out he sat next to Ice Cube on a flight in 88' 
I might invite myself over Julian’s house tomorrow now that I think about it lol 
Rick Perry the 1st time he ran said if we were against $ for illegals we had no heart, he is a blowhard,don't forget 
@user will there still be SATS at the school this Saturday?? 
@user Yea. I’m going to be in Raleigh tomorrow morning 
@user what do you think is happening at everton then Mick after today's speech by bill? 
More footage from the studio where Bullet For My Valentine just finished up recording their upcoming 4th album.... 
fotolog "if we need more electricity google needs to approve it" He plugs sun for their power efficiency 
Shriver to Federer suggesting that he not use the SABR vs. Isner "You want to have your 3rd set of twins I'm sure."  Interview ended there. 
@user Ive been working all weekend, still at work now. Watching Chuck Norris movies haha I'll be at Ciecmate on Friday. See you there." 
Interview on VOW fm tomorrow morning... Do tune in and hear the kid out!!! cc @user @user 
Have you ever forgotten to get a Valentine’s present? Your chance at Feb 17 #bonjovi tix coming up! @user 
get out my mentions. you not gonna have Justin beating my ass like I'm Darius foh 
"There will be no poker at the Prince George until further notice.   We will be looking for Friday, Saturday and Sunday venues." 
Core 6 Athletes 2012 Winter Banquet December 5th 6:30pm. Top prospects and college coaches from the B1G, SEC, Big 12, MAC and MVC. #Compete 
Vice President Joe Biden will meet with AFL-CIO Richard Trumka later Thursday, further fueling talk that he may... 
MTSU receiver falls down and the pass is incomplete....4th down. MTSU to punt from midfield 
@user Hello. May I ask how did you get on set of Castle? 
"Was challenged to ""name the wrestler"" on quizup and I read it as ""weather"". was very confuse when the 1st quest included a pic of John Cena" 
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID 5SOSListenedTo: Calum listened to (and tweeted about) Sunday Bloody Sunday (Live) by U2! 
John Cena's excuse tomorrow on Raw will be John Stewart cost me the title. 
Neptune to be larger than Jupiter one day? Dana White's answer may surprise you. 
Four Lions in on this Sunday. Have to record that. Still not seen it yet. 
Turned on the news to see the riots in Tottenham this morning. First thought was that Spurs must have signed Joey Barton. 
Army Wives until i sleep. Early and long day tomorrow. 
Thursday's gossip column: Man Utd want to keep David De Gea, David Beckham backs Ryan Giggs, Victor ... #Football 
@user how about: ""the female gays"". ""Purple Gays"". ""Make Gay While the Sun Shines"". ""Fifty Shades of Gay""" 
We may see negative poll Numbers for most of the republican candidates by nov.. -11 Ted cruz -5 Scott walker -1 Jeb bush  LOL #MeetThePress 
@user Code Buster for Apple Watch, the 1st game out of our Creative Coding Centre.   
Rocking out with Machine Gun Kelly tomorrow night! #TIWIA #wildboy 
"#OTD in 1957 The Quarrymen played the Cavern Club #Liverpool for 1st time, although Paul McCartney was away at scout camp. @user 
"ABC issues EDAA Trust Seal to The Exchange Lab - LONDON, 16 October, 2014. The Exchange Lab today has received the... 
#startup Nintendo Game boy player with start up disc for gamecube:  $49.38End Date: Sunday Oct-4-2015 1:55:27 ... 
Raekwon Macauley is 15 and went missing from Mitcham on 13 September. Please share the link and help us find him. 
#Lakers: Steve Nash-G: Kobe Bryant said Thursday he is very concerned 
"Taylor Swift is putting feud rumors to rest! On Saturday, the ""Bad Blood"" singer surprised fans when she brought... 
Im so nervous bc my cousin and I going to buy the ticket to see Shawn in September 12th 
"I been watching """"All-Access Kentucky"""" every wed and it has been making me like these young dudes on Kentucky." 
Lol how me Evelyn, Uly, and Jerry were talking shit about that one portrait in 1st period and it happened to belong to the girl next to usxD 
#Occupy is back. 9 day occupation of Parliament sq starts tomorrow with candle lit talks. See events on #London 
Digi is tomorrow so I'm gonna try to have my mom take me to Cleveland so I can wait outside the venue bc I don't have tickets :) 
@user I miss you... Let's go out Sunday with Steph and my gay ass friend Richard. You need to meet him 
Whhhyyyyy you guys no remind me Sam Smith was tomorrow!?  @user @user @user 
@user should we expect @user and the crew for an election special in DC on Tuesday? 
@user @user @user Then read the truth about Churchill bearing in mind that Tony Blair may be a ""hero"" in 2115 ." 
@user ""I can imagine what Chris has said about me."" He blushed a little. ""I don't know for certain yet but Bucky and Thor may &gt;" 
"Tia Sharp: cause of death may never be known- well they would have known it, had they found the body when they first search her house." 
taylor may have won against nicki and bey but she did fart on live tv so i think nicki and bey are the real winners 
U2 man lets see how they open things in the morning thata when it really counts 
Monta Ellis / Ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting Thursday #nba #playersnews 
"In his bid to stop the Boko Haram insurgency President Muhammadu Buhari will visit one more country on August 1,... 
"Jessica made her first public appearance as the head designer of BLANC &amp; ECLARE at Lane Crawford's 1st anniversary event in Shanghai, China!" 
This what may have done Scott Walker in - playing up to the big donor Koch Bros. 
 Bobby Jindal and Rick Perry make Top #in Facebook chatter KNOW IT ALL Thursday s Top Stories at NBC News 
Ryan Reynolds may be back for a prequel or sequel to Safe House, with or without Denzel Washington. Script is in the works. 
Does anyone know if Blackstar from David Bowie will be downloadable as a single or do we have to wait for the full album in Jan? 
im going to see Paper Towns with my mum tomorrow or the day after. Is it good? 
"2013 marks the 100th birthday of the Chelsea Flower Show. If you're heading to the UK in May, why not combine a... 
ENTERTAINMENT:Caitlyn Jenner may debut as runway model: Caityln Jenner may walk the runway at the upcoming New... 
Lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in January 
"Friendly: Super Eagles To Play Lowly Rated Niger On September 8: All things being equal, the Senior Men Nation... 
Hulk Hogan may have said something stupid years ago which was very wrong. But you can't erase my childhood or his contribution to wrestling. 
Is anybody going to Knott's Friday? 
"Kris Bryant was removed from tonight's game after fouling a ball off his foot for the 2nd straight night. Cubs say its precautionary, up 7-0" 
"Golf lessons will be available with Gary at Bearsden golf range from next Thursday,5pm onwards. Call the shop to book your lesson." 
I ON SUNDAY: Ahead of Inbetweeners film 10 other sitcoms which went on holiday to big screen + Watercooler + hero of the week Michael Winner 
Ohio Governor John Kasich may not make the first Republican debate in...Cleveland. Wow. 
After reviewing my texts/pictures from Thurs-Sat, I’m thinking that alcohol is the liquid form of Cupid. I fall in love every weekend. #oops 
@user The pretty reckless, my chemical romance, a day to remember, 30 seconds to mars, hey monday,  evanescence, mcfly etc .. 
"So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck. Cause Ice Cube is crazy as a family sitcom. #StraightOuttaCompton 
Why do people have a problem with the Christ in Christmas but not the Thor in Thursday? 
Who won serana or venus? My math teacher said she wont give us homework if serena wins on saturday 
Jan Hooks: Frosty The Snowman [Import]: A double bill starring Frosty: Frosty the Snowman Jimmy Durante narrates this 
So review says no homerun. Red Sox counter with review saying he was out at 3rd. #ReviewItAll 
Prince George will celebrate his 2nd birthday with the Middletons &amp; no Charles 
@user Hey Reggie. How are you ?  I’m very sorry that haven’t had the chance to get back to you. I’ll e-mail you tomorrow 
All while Kanye West carried on with his speech!!! #VMAs  
Bloodbeast returns to the stage with Killatoria and new act Predomination. Join them this Friday at Black Dahlia.... 
It may be Wednesday, but with the Labor Day holiday on Monday, it feels like Tuesday--at least that is our story... 
More NBA tomorrow.. Free NBA league pass till the 6th.. What did I do to deserve this (rozay voice) 
Our Director Chris Brown is live on @user #Scotland today from 12pm talking about #StayAlive App, on its 1st bday, over 6K dwnloads 
Attention everybody if you know anyone in troy that is looking to take over a lease.I will be willing to pay half r all of 1st months rent. 
Monday's daily cask is India Pale Ale with Cascades 
@user Tyron the next time the ESPY Awards come at 8 tomorrow! 
Fatal rollover near Richwood: A fatal rollover was reported Wednesday morning on County Road 34 just east of Ric... 
@user Yes, yes, but what you see in the Finder is file directory data that points to your actual files. The file may still exist. 
Aaron Sanchez replaces David Price on the mound in the bottom of the 7th inning. 
(Times Pic) LSU Coach Les Miles says he may let Jordan Jefferson talk to the team #LSU 
"This morning, despite it being a holiday here, I went to yoga. Tomorrow night starts 7pm yoga and I just don't know if I'll do that too." 
Starting 2moro (Fri 20th) 'The House At The End Of The Street' starring Jennifer Lawrence. See the trailer here 
@user this one kid just told the bus driver he had two bottles of liquor for breakfast lmao I think ill sit with Mitchie tomorrow 
Anne and Toni with Myrtle, Melai, FrancElla, Jericho and JM on Sarah G Live this October 28... 
"Watchman, What of the Night? Raymond Gram Swing. Grabhorn Press 1945 Limited 1st 
Report: Romney to visit #BucksCounty Sunday as part of last minute push from the campaigns to the Philly suburbs. 
"Ohio State women's volleyball up to No. 15 in the nation. Other rankings: women's hockey 10th, women's soccer 21st" 
"*  """"[Congress may provide for the Case of Removal of both],  declaring what Officer shall then act as President.""""  (Article 2, Section 1)  *" 
oh crud .... its the OTHER (pitcher) Ryan Braun's birthday today.... (d'oh) 
"#Cubs strike first in the 1st after Kris Bryant hit into a fielders choice, they lead the #SFGiants 1-0." 
@user May I pause or not pause and call it brain surgery? Kim Kardashian has more truthiness than Dr.Carson. 4%, reminds me of Uncle Joe" 
@user Tony Blair, as you well know, has D noticed many things...    ..our great-grandchildren may or may not find out..." 
Even worse to add fuel to the fire David Cameron new British pilots  were bombing Syrians it happened, July 17th 2015 article 
Bethe Correia called Rousey out again? Clearly she had a few screws knocked loose on Saturday night. 
. To do tonight: See The Help in theater amanda knox 
How I feel about Frank ocean not releasing his album and It's already August 11th 
#Arsenal and #WHUFC have been told striker Simone Zaza can leave Juventus in January for the right price (Fichajes) 
Who watched the Miss Teen USA pageant this past Saturday? Tell us your favorite moments. Did you think Logan West would win the whole time? 
MT @user Sculptors! Have you submitted for new Art Park on Telegraph &amp; 19th in #Oakland? 36 hours left! 
My Book about Michael Jackson is out Sept 10th #michaeljackson #83minutes #michaeljacksonbook 
Under #SexySocialism David Cameron &amp; George Osborne will undertake the 1st manned mission 2 Pluto. 
@user on how fungal spores are dispersed - Tories bring ’em back from lederhosen rallies in the Black Forest:  
Football:  Mercyhurst 14, Bentley 7 (3:00 1st) TOUCHDOWN!  Bannerman runs it in from 5; Big play: Montalto-D. Mahoney for 46 yds to 10 #d2fb 
Benesch spins and fires from close in and puts a low bounce shot past Rose.  Assist to Pires #wla @user 4th goal of the night. 
@user just remeber nothing is set in stone they may have won a small victory but we will end Islam's game you Know as well as I. 
"Frank Gifford, a Hall of Fame football player for the New York Giants and a legendary broadcaster, died Sunday." 
Forgot Manchester United who come in 5th with 5.91 million followers, Juventus drop out of the top ten. 
@user Oh iight I can dig it but how you going to act tomorrow night tho younging ? 
Mentally preparing myself for a 15 1/2 hour day tomorrow. If I don't make it someone take care of Bentley. 
Starting off my sunday with Resident evil operation raccoon city 
I may or may not see John cena tonight 
"After getting booed again, Josh Hamilton doubles off the RF wall on the 1st pitch of his 2nd at-bat. Tropeano had retired 13 straight." 
Make Sure to check out the weekly Friday’s Round - Up of book signings , interviews and reviews over at the Oak... 
The Emmys are the unwatched awards show: In February, the Grammy Awards show blew through the... #entertainment #OC 
Anyone here interested in a Sam Smith ticket? My friend apparently cannot make it to the rescheduled show on November 21. :( 
Computer security firm Sophos confirmed on Tuesday suspicions that Mac computers around the world ar 
"Chris Rene: Live & Exclusive!: X Factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow, but... 
Going to Planned Parenthood on Monday because 1.) I haven't gotten a basic physical in two years 2.) I am writing a piece on it for Affinity 
Someone come with me tomorrow to see Paper Towns? 
He ran from the featherweight division, has Dustin Poirier ran off the stage yet now Conor McGregor is sat just feet away from him? 
A customer may or may not have just walked in on me crumping to Fleetwood Mac. #ohwell #noshame 
"#REVIEW #RedSox @ #WhiteSox T2-1o: White Sox challenged (play at 1st), call on the field was #overturned: Travis Shaw grounds... [1/2]" 
The deadman's out for revenge! I can't believe he got booed tonight but I know Sunday that the Undertaker will beat Brock Lesnar!! #RAW 
"Hunter S. Thompson said in the February 15, 1973 issue of Rolling Stone, ""If I'd written the truth I knew for the... 
The only Milan player Carlos Bacca among the other 8 serie A players in the list here 
@user purpose of the SCOTUS is to establish constitutionality of laws. they ruled that gay marriage bans violated 14th amend rights 
This is the 2nd time I’ve seen a niqqa wear Galaxy foams 
not only should everyone be upset with frank ocean but adele too. she's just now releasing something in november after 4 years of waiting. 
"THIS. If they wanted to give something to Bad Blood then it should've been best pop vid or female vid, not VOTY 
If this year is anything like last year, KI's All-Star Weekend successes will launch him into a fabulous 2nd half #not " 
@user @user why do I get the feeling tomorrow S&amp;L will be Sharknado and Tara Reid questions? 
"HAPPY for WILSON getting B'MOUTH 1st&amp;2nd GOALS... Saw him WORKING hard vs MUFC. But, SAD that ADEBAYOR no10 is NOW with KANE. @user 
@user commentator says Porto dominated 1st half & looks that way again in the 2nd 
@user Snow is normal in the northern half of the state such as Flagstaff! I just met with U.S. Senator @user July 16 here! 
100 days away: Barack Obama & Mitt Romney meet in their first TV debate at the University of Denver (3 Oct) 
If someone has connections at the **** **** hotel Saturday can you please get me and two friends in to see Shawn :( 
Thinking about buying MSCD610 Oracle Database Exam Oracle 11g SQL 2nd Casteel? Rea via @user 
Um Ben Tickle from Dance Academy just replied to me. I may or may not be grinning right now. 
Prediction: I will have a status saying that I'll be buying the new iPhone by tomorrow morning. I've done that... 
@user I will be coming to Milan from London for the Palermo match so that means I can see them before the match on Saturday then ? 
In the Carling Cup previously, Arsenal played their 2nd string, but even then you could count on Bendtner / Vela to grab a few goals #nb52 
Who’s going to Israel this Saturday?! 
@user ICE may still issue an NTA against her, though unlikely. Let me know if Melany needs a lawyer in the area for #DACA. 
"Received an email from AirAsia regarding the trip to Lombok this friday. Goodbye Kuala Lumpur and hello Lombok, Indonesia!" 
Brock lesnar's 2nd signature must be dominating since it's a suplex @user 
Two aces for Murray who holds for 4-3. Another Brit on court -- @user just starting v @user 2-1 to Czech 1st set on Ashe 
For sure just Missed my exit because was singing to Mariah Carey way too full out. Happy Friday, all. 
Ireland denied at the death in lacklustre Murrayfield friendly (Irish Sun): Share With Fr... #Ireland #News #EU 
Chris Maguire speaks candidly about his performances this season. #SWFC @user @user 
Tee shirt Thursday! First person to tell us where (which town) the Art Park studio and @ 
Part of me thinks Nicki is so serious about her attitude towards Miley tho. She may be cool with her but she was a little serious. #VMAs 
Hey Xyrielians! :) Don't forget to watch wansapanataym tomorrow TITLE: Beauty is the Beast! :)  HeadAdmin 
SA urged to save electricity - Eskom urged South Africans on Thursday to save electricity to reduce demand on the gr... 
Northern elders ask Dasuki not to go to court so as not to reveal the activities of Boko Haram sponsors... Enjoy!! 
I may just get up out of my car and beat the crap out if this guy in the Lexus in front of me in traffic rn 
@user ...next Friday, iA! Can you tell me what’s going on with VCU’s interMSA? How many ISA members are going (if any at all?) 
It’s the first week of CBB season, marquette madness Friday night.  #fanupmu 
WASHINGTON -- GOP presidential hopeful and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal suggested on Sunday that to stem illegal immigration, the solution 
#Grooves (2300 Pierce) This Friday Sept28th Kendrick Perkins NBA Back to Camp Party with @user and OKC Teammates | 
i hope we get what do you mean for real tomorrow and he wont pull a frank ocean on us 
I gotta assume no David Wright Saturday. Maybe he's off tomorrow cuz this game went late but doubt they hold him out first game back to Citi 
"Jon Stewart got into the action at WWE's SummerSlam on Sunday, bashing John Cena with a chair. 
"The Captain Comes Back with Cookies?!? - mets: On Monday, David Wright returned from the disabled-list to... 
Parents in Zurich and going to Pride Parade tomorrow. I'm jealous :) 
"IATSE Picketing Of 'Fashion Star' Set To Resume Monday - Deadline: With no talks started, the union and the crew... 
UNDER PRESSURE by QUEEN AND DAVID BOWIE was no.2 in the UK charts on 10 December 1981 
going to need Dunkin tomorrow can someone plz help ya girl out 
Saturday Night Live is going to have a ball with Willard Mitt Romney. #RomneyIsAJokeFactory 
@user retweet pls: West-End Star Michael Ball with Cork Youth Orchestra, Dec 8th & 9th, City Hall. Tickets from Ticketmaster.ie" 
Conor McGregor and Ronda Rousey 'At the Top of the Game' Following UFC 189: Saturday night was huge for "... #UFC 
Hey @user  yes I Want to win 2 free tickets to see David Price &amp; the #BlueJays Monday Night? #FreeTixFridays 
"I love Meisha Tate,not a Rousey fan really,but I can't see the sense in a 3rd fight,it's gonna take a man to beat Ronda any time soon #UFC" 
Win 4 Free tickets to party with Roger Sanchez this Friday, September 14th at HQ Nightclub by tagging the 3... 
Why people think Kendrick and Cole dropping an album together feb......it prolly gone be a solo Cole album 
This is the only weekend all month we won't be home at Maverik Center. See you next Friday and Saturday to open 8-game home stand. 
"When I was little my brother Liam asked me ""is it tomorrow yet?"" And I replied ""no, it’s always today."" #5yearsold #bookofquotes #smartbaby" 
"First time ever you hear ""boos"" for the undertaker! Brock Lesnar gonna beat his ass Sunday!!  #WWERaw" 
@user yes, that's what he wants to avoid. Stay in US in Feb, maybe play Delray, then Indian Wells / Miami." 
@user yo yo can you come Sylvia park at 6 tomorrow we gonna meet some all blacks with @user  if she can come. 
@user Do me a favor.. I want you to look up a song called """"Tomorrow"""" by The Winans when you get a chance...and listen to the words" 
"Did you know, Lady Gaga reads ""Letters to a young poet"" every morning? 
Daylight Savings is this Saturday night! So remember to Fall Back so you aren't late to church Sunday - it's All Saint's Sunday! 
MILAN-GENOA: 22 ROSSONERI: MILANELLO - 22 players have been called up for Milan-Genoa tomorrow at the San Siro s... 
So it’s the grunge night at blue room blackpool tomorrow night! Pearl jam, Alice in chains and nirvana cover bands! 9pm. 
The weather in Farmington Hills tomorrow is 75/54 and sunny. In Minneapolis it is 43/30 and a chance of snow. Alrighty then. 
Rt if you're going to Jason Aldean Thursday 
been asking for Justin Bieber to be under my tree since the 6th grade.... still waiting 
YOOOO @user & @user If Niggas In Paris comes on more than once on the 26th, might have to plank for whole night... 
"There are 6 or 7 4th graders in the room next to me, for the brother's sleepover. They keep listening to Katy Perry." 
Dustin Johnson was the leader after 2 rounds of The British Open. He's finished the 4th round &amp; is currently tied for 50th. 
World Music Festival Rocks City Saturday: Maria Muldaur headlines the day-long event, which bring French G... #jazz 
Base case is ES 1899.xx as the high tomorrow and close below SPX 200d SMA. And then huge gap up and run up on Thursday. 
Just watched the 4th set breaker; Murray was pumped going into it... to lose it 7-0 is just incredible. #USOpen 
"Obama, what a coup for Islam and the Left. The race wars in the US are getting closer, and a 3rd term for Obumma" 
@user You sure it was Quo? They were the first act on, Queen weren’t 2nd I’m sure of it 
Anybody in the #dmv want to buy a pair of Anthony Hamilton tickets? Dm me for details. The show is tomorrow at Constitution Hall. 
@user blood got one hand and made the team but ya bum ass wanna listen to Kendrick Lamar and take pictures  
"i've never listened to kpop, i'll give it a try tomorrow morning" 
@user I may relent and get one myself, but I hope it doesn’t come to that. Hopefully all the decent apps will get ported to android 
"ha!RT @user After a weekend of subway mayhem, the MTA expects service to return to normal for your morning commute 
"That's the ballgame, Texas loses 6-5. Tomorrow's game is a 7:05 first pitch, with David Price for Toronto against Colby Lewis for Texas." 
Going to see SHAWN in October with my mains @user @user 
@user ok so I guess they update it every ten mins so hold on it may not be stupid lol #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga 
PM to address top military commanders tomorrow: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with the country's ... 
@user me you and joe gone chill Saturday of i come tho 
@user @user It is TOMORROW. European PS4 players will get it the 9th, everyone else gets it tomorrow." 
Y'all don't forget about my going away pool party! This Saturday at Knollwood at 3pm! 
Is anyone going to see Shawn in  NYC tomorrow 
Bad news for the Rick Perry and Bobby Jindal Campaigns . 
Moto G (3rd Gen): 11 New Improvements: Beau HD highlights eleven new improvements found in the third generatio... 
"I'm going to Disney world on October 3rd so if you wanna come on down, come on down." 
"I'll be at Star Wars Weekends tomorrow, I'll be the guy in the Jack Skellington golf hat #StarWarsWeekends" 
karimozena: Presidential Hopeful Kanye West Is Performing at the HollywoodBowl on September 25 
Tomorrow?? Who promised you tomorrow?? Give yourself to the lord today!! The Winans. 
@user Why no mention of the """"accuser"""" waiting till Aug 6th to reply to Title 9 request. Need to play out during CFB season? Hmmm?" 
just in: after shocking #ModiInPakistan  Rahul Gandhi's to visit to Amul and Parle-G factory tomorrow.#fakingnews 
@user If it keeps making money for HBO, they may have to start going to former colonies as well. Or even have to take Madonna. 
Still on my first beer. Fleetwood Mac are talking directly to me through the wall speakers. Not an auspicious start to my Wednesday evening. 
Hold the applause for Saudi Arabia | Hassan | Columnists | Opinion | Toronto Sun 
"#NXTTakeOver hes 50 but so isn't the undertaker whom is facing Brock Lesnar tomorrow night , not Tyler the baby face Breeze" 
"Class of 2016 Tryouts August 13, 15, 16 - see you in Prince George, at SFU or Abby Senior that weekend." 
Which camera rep are you most excited to see at Demo Days on Nov 16 & 17? (Nikon, Canon, Tamron, Sony, Sigma etc...) 
"I'm going to see Father John Misty on Friday and, like, Paul McCartney?????" 
"I'll give him Gucci Sosa,Movie 1.Maybe writing on the wall.&amp; yes.I fw Gucci.but Jeezy 1st 4 tapes burned da streets 
"Ukraine negotiates free trade agreements with Turkey and Israel: TASS - Economy - Sat, 26 Dec 2015 21:01:26 GM... 
SpeedeNews: Rumor: Android Wear will soon work with iOS - Android Wear may be very close to working with iOS. That... 
Rangers OF Josh Hamilton has been placed on 15-day DL with injured left knee; team is 1.5 GB of 2nd AL Wild Card 
#house #music #FB Jason Vernau Live @ SET Nightclub Miami February 25th 2012: Jason Vernau is back with some swe... 
You can read the brand new online edition of India Legal right here:  Also Rahul Gandhi view 
"By Iain Rogers MADRID, Sept 5 (Reuters) - Real Madrid fans watching Gareth Bale driving Wales almost single-handedly to the brink of their" 
@user  Check out World Music Poet, AJA and his band at the Sullivan Hall, Thurs, Nov 8 at 7pm" 
Twins home opener is against the White Sox on Monday 4/11. Off day follows then games on 4/13 and 4/14. @user @user 
White Sox have gone down in order following Alexei Ramirez RBI single in the 2nd. 
"Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh, has spoken about his relationship with former team-m... #badotweet" 
I just realized today is Sunday y'all Nicki and Kanye were preachin to the choir 
You may have heard that Monsanto and their proponents are trying to defend the herbicide Glyphosate (active... 
"Lana posing with Lady Gaga for another picture at the Billboard Women in Music awards on Friday, December 11th! 
Star Wars Day at O2 Centre: Join us from 10am tomorrow for storytelling with Princess Leia at @user 
"Kragthorpe: Colts will overtake Patriots in AFC: Tom Brady may have won, but the New England Patriots have los... 
This Naruto opening came out while I was in 8th grade and I went to the restroom just to watch it in awful quality: 
@user now, if Drake is a ghostwritten pawn, as insinuated, it may have come after he was dope a la Snoop Dogg. This may be overblown. 
Anyone wanna go to the Red Sox with me tomorrow 
16:46 Steven Pourier, Jr. (OLC) MADE the 1 shot Free Throw. DaSU leads 8 - 6 in the 1st Half. #NAIAMBB 
@user You are aware that SCOTUS said that it fell under two sections of the 14th Admendment right? 
So according to my 12th Grade English teacher Messi has now tied the game up? Can anyone confirm this? 
"Louis looks better then anyone from Kpop 1st, it's ""than"" 2nd, Girl Louis don't look better than anyone  
Ken Pom (analyzes NCAA bball stats) rates #Purdue 36th overall and 7th in the Big Ten: Rosier forecast than other polls 
"Big Brother is watching, so you may as well freak him out by visiting #Area51.Org. 
@user @user This is life not Disney or Nintendo rules! Not all agree, different tastes &amp; may hate the things you like! Simples! 
O'Brien: #PennState players came back Monday ready to go. Said he believes they and coaches have put Ohio State game behind them. 
Not sure my eyesight can handle the prospect of lookalikes Jordan Spieth and Paul Dunne playing together tomorrow 
Listening to lady gaga makes me not want to go to work tomorrow 
[Interview] Kim Hyung Jun - Interview with SINA (New drama is coming soon and new album in February) 
@user Yer off to take son for his first day at big school. Then it's google analytics training for me.  How was your night? 
For our travels to Keystone Lodge this Saturday, some of the brethren discussed meeting at the IHOP in Manteca... 
I hear Kim Kardashian is leaving 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' after the 9th series. I wonder if they're going to kill her off? 
@user check out the BBC broadcast from Cypress Avenue last Monday. #VanMorrison 
@user When are you back? Was home for a week for Eid now back to resume SweatFest 2015. Back to the daily grind tomorrow #SadFace 
So confused to why the DIGI line up for tomorrow says Reed Deming 
[ARIRANG] SIMPLY KPOP - Kim Hyung Jun - Cross the line(Feat. Ha Yeong of PLAYBACK) 
@user Bernie's there like crossing his fingers that Saudi Arabia is going to wake up tomorrow and decide to take out ISIS 
8th caution, Danica Patrick and Cassill got into it. Danica’s going to the garage, hit Cassill then the wall. #HC400 
"I have extra tickets to Jason Aldean at Riverbend tomorrow, message me if you're interested!" 
"Planning has begun for International Women's Day on the 8th of March.  Actually, we're working with Kogarah... 
Watching the new Fear the Walking Dead episode then Faking It at 9:30. Then I shall stress about Big Brother till Wednesday #iwatchtoomuchtv 
@user the @user should have traded @user for Monta Ellis and 1st round pick... #smh #bucks #thunde #bemilwaukee #BucksPride 
I may not be the biggest, but im the realist -Yo Gotti 
I just got an email about "people I may know on Google+". Isn't Google+ going away? 
@user I'm taking Friday off just to go to Doral and try and meet you.    Fingers crossed 
Everyone go to volleyball game Monday at 7 in the AC @user @user @user @user @user 
David Wright up with the winning run on base in the 9th. Holy crap. #Mets 
"Three sleeps till the Bold, Black and Beautiful IWD lunch on Thursday. Who else might be going? #boldblackbeautiful" 
Can anyone imagine someone other than David Cameron representing us on the world stage in these troubled times? 
It didn't take long for Dustin Johnson to have his Sunday meltdown at the PGA: 
Anyone going to see Slipknot and Korn in January at the NIA in Birmingham? 
buying tickets for @user in milan tomorrow and i swear i feel like i'm going to war 
@user Harper misspoke yesterday. The brutality in the 7th was on the field. Same as tonight. #nats 
Be sure to follow the #Coyotes affiliate in the American Hockey League  - @user They start training camp on Saturday. 
Apple's new announcements come Wednesday: Also likely - a new version of Apple TV, with a redesigned set-top b... 
@user Left parties&amp;eminent citizens' request to grant Mercy to Yakub may be rejected by President since he  faithfully follows govt advice. 
@user got Amazon last Thursday, got IOS last night but the update isn't showing in Google play store yet... 
I just started busting out rapping to Kendrick's Black Friday and Sadie almost spit her water out 
.@geo6493 So are you arguing that Congress can't prohibit Islam but CAN prohibit atheism because atheism isn't protected by the 1st Amend? 
Listen to ABC RN Weekend Arts tomorrow just after the 2pm to hear ’Swedish For Argument’ artist Emma White & curator Holly Williams.. 
"After all the hype from every @user analyst on the planet, Cactus League legend/pre-ROY Kris Bryant only the 3rd best rookie on his team." 
Our @user 15 celebration continues with this long interview with Jim White, who plays Sat. at Cats Cradle for YR15. 
"#MLBFantasy David Wright, playing in his first game since April 14, homered as the Mets trampled the Phillies on Monday." 
"How am I supposed to believe babygate is real when the day the guy said ""this is for The Sun"" briana full on posed for the pic behind louis" 
#IDP Will Texans see the old Mario Williams on Sunday?: Will Texans see the old Mario Williams ... #FantasyFootball 
"Rob Ford on Scott Walker: ""I don't think (he) has a chance down there."" 
In Manhattan? Please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of @user RFK apt @user East 13th St #SandyVolunteer 
In the 8th it has really started to get out of hand the White Sox now lead the #Royals 12-0 in the 8th 
Where is Frank Ocean and his new album June is so long gone he playing 
"Rousey will now defend her title against Holly Holm in the main event of UFC 193, which takes place Nov. 14 at Etihad Stadium in Australia." 
@user can't comment on your video, don't have a google+ account :( I'm on the 2nd year for my Masters in Theoretical Particle Physics 
#InOtherNews  Rick Perry flatly denied Trump's assertion Thursday that he was bowing out of the race. 
I have to decide if I’m going to the Louisville game Saturday ASAP so they won’t take away my tickets 
Let's give the secret service the stand down order on sept 11th like Obama, Clinton and Jarrett did. 
Don't let JOHN CENA go down on me  Don't let the sun go down on me   #ReplaceSongTitlesWithJOHNCENA 
@user What do the Mets realistically expect from David Wright the rest of the season once he returns to the lineup Monday? 
Every Sat I pass people protesting Planned Parenthood on my way to work, &amp; it makes me determined to donate more to them every fucking time! 
I have already showed them the first episode of naruto and yugioh. This may not be a hard 5 hours after all 
Hanging out with Pip and Estella on a rainy Saturday. 
Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer shows he could play in midfield v Bayer Leverkusen: Bayern Munich may have... 
@user Boo I wanted to watch Inkigayo, but I'll travel tomorrow,so I have to sleep, But I'm with you, in my heart,my soul...." 
Is today Star Wars day or is tomorrow Star Wars day? 
@user do the ""Gucci"" Foamposites come out on September 4th or September 25th? I've been hearing both dates but I'm not sure who to trust" 
Just heard that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with Manslaughter after being involved in a fata... via @user 
Paul Dunne sinks a birdie on the third hole to get back to 11-under. He is tied for 10th in the final round of @user 
@user one time i sat next to rick santorum and i swear i was polite the whole time 
@user head over to Hulu & start watching the first bit of The Finder. You’ll see the Fox logo bump, then it says it airs Fri 8/8c on USA. 
We think it's much better than kids who  obsess over people like Jay-Z &amp; Miley Cyrus. 
DEPARTURE of ship: STANFORD PROVIDER Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 5:03AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the ves... 
"European bourses rally: Milan, September 8 - European bourses rallied strongly Tuesday with the Euro Stoxx ind... 
@user he will have to obviously otherwise just Kane for season. January won't be anybody for sale. Clubs don't need to sell. 
@user Ay you gone release the HotelCalifornia in feb like you did with  Careless World ? 
wow Friday that was quick - charity dog walk tonight for @user If you're going through Blackpool Illuminations tonight give us a honk 
whos going to katy perry on the 8th?! 
My new sounds: March of the Ants + Food Scarce at The Valley.mp3 on #SoundCloud 
"http://t.co/YEcHPkrYfC  By now,this should not be a shock to anyone:Floyd Mayweather still believes that he's the greatest boxer of all time" 
@user you may not like the song but that doesn't change the fact that it was a big deal.""Anaconda"" broke a record before ""Bad Blood""" 
It's tough going when you start watching a show on Netflix w/ 5+ seasons when it's only the 3rd week of classes &amp; can't afford to get behind 
@user I don't think Matt is doing anything with DIGI for HOU/DALLAS I may be wrong 
Foo Fighters take on Westboro Baptist Church and much more in the August 24th Trend Report: 
ALL ABOARD... 1st flight to Hong Kong then off to the UK from there.. #Tweet_Yah_Later 
"Dana White to Holly Holm: Ronda Rousey is your next opponent knows the time isn't now, meaning July. Common Sense" 
"Why would anyone do this? If imagining Trump as a hot guy is your thing, just write a fanfic where he gets Freaky Friday'd with Chris Evans" 
Get in Dons 1-1 Byrooooooon Harrisooooooon 7th goal of the season 
"Statesboro, Ga has just been added to the tour dates for Sept 28th at Rum Runners!" 
@user  Plz,Transfer money in TOMORROW!!. Because we want to success before SM Town in BKK.we have a big project for minseok ^^ 
How's down to go to Knott's scary farm the 25th? Trying to a group going on 
"Just out of curiosity, why doesn't Dean Ambrose have a match Sunday? And why did we get gypped out of seeing him wrestle tonight?" 
Ajavon has been impressive with attacking the basket and creating. ATL unstoppable in transition, Bentley and Lacy gone cold in 2nd half 
Sarah Palin Orders Immigrants to "Speak American": Speaking with CNN's Jake Tapper Sunday, Palin blasted Spani... 
Cowboys starters could play into the second quarter against San Diego Chargers on Sunday night:  
Lenny Kravitz Exclusive Interview and Live Performance of Strut @ Soundcheck  Lenny Kravitz is back with his 10th... 
Am going 2 b on lock dn from now till Fri morning in the studio. @user Vol1 drops on the 8th 3pm. i'll B @ Club10 on FRI thou 
Jeb Bush also took in some hard cash in the Hamptons on Saturday via @user 
I have that 'resting bitch face' that would make Wednesday Adams jealous... Just saying. 
Oh wow... Rousey fight moving to November against Holly Holm. Didn't wanna keep her on the shelf too long. 
@user a group of your co-workers have decided to write you in for President on Tuesday. @user @user @user 
RVP shit on AFC by moving to MUFC, yet served them brilliantly over 8 years, will the fans give him shit on Saturday? #cantwaittofindout! 
Conviction of Yakub by highest courts is being 2nd guessed by the likes of @user with zero knowledge of law. Contempt of court? 
#RADIO #90s #juice Now Playing #Walkin' on the Sun #Smash Mouth #APPS Apple Google 
@user @user @user When it's Russia involved, it's ""may"". When Israel is involved, it's ""has"". Well done Amnesty for simplicity" 
"Come meet members of the """"1980 Dawgs"""" in Athens this weekend at The Red Zone!  Friday, 3pm - 6pm: Coach Vince... 
E L James is going to be appearing on the Katie show in the US on Monday. The show are running a poll as to who... 
"Today, Wisconsin's last two recall elections will be held. @user looks at the candidates in Kenosha's race. 
haven’t watched TTOA with Eng Sub yet. gotta sleep now. gonna watch it tomorrow. (~O~)zZ Gud nite tlist. 
David Price gets out of a Jam again in the 2nd Inning 
"With an ace, Murray takes the 3rd set 7-6(2)  but still trails Anderson 1-2." 
It’s Nov 2 for Book Swap, not the 4th! But you’ll work that out when you follow the link! 
"Thor's Day Million Mask March #MMM2015 Remember Remember the 5th of November, the gunpowder treason and plot #Anonymous #AnonOps2015" 
Hi to everyone at the University of Denver publishing program! I’ll try to throw in a couple extra book-related tweets tomorrow. 
I really wanna meet Shawn on my birthday but the only date I can try is on Tuesday when he comes to NYC 
Which dj on the Star-lite line up is the host of BBC 1xtra’s Tuesday night UKG show  a) Rampage....b) Jamie Duggan...c) Cameo 
Don't forget some money for school tomorrow if you would like to purchase Kony 2012 gear! #invisiblechildren #kony2012 
@user @user @user movies Friday night! """"Flight"""" with Denzel Washington!!! Don’t make plans because I just made plans!!!" 
"I’m such a groupie...just watched the """"Ni**as In Paris"""" video---> 1st thing I said was...""""I just ordered that snapback Jay is wearing!!!" 
Ended up with 35 dogs Friday. I think They all came to say goodbye to Sawyer.  Here she is with Bentley the puppy.... 
@user is that Liam Walsh that's going to be fighting Ricky burns on dec 15 ? 
I may have let you down #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga 
"TOR beats MIN in David Price's debut. Jays move into tie for 2nd wild card with Twins, O's now .5 GB." 
Younique officially launches in the UK on 1 November.  Be one of the first to get your 3d fibre lashes. 
Arsenal defensive crisis: Seven players that Arsene Wenger might turn to during the January transfer window 
"Lets be honest, Jay Z was the 1st nigga to get bodied by a singing nigga (Frank Ocean)" 
"Am at the Tony Blair select committee hearing. A policeman has sat down beside me, in case I unleash any sudden quips" 
"In all honesty, Biden saw """"Bridesmaids"""" for the 1st time today and can’t stop thinking about Maya Rudolph shitting in the street. #VpDebate" 
"Although they may have sounded good at shows, Nirvana makes the list of over-rated live bands." 
An it's the match next of randy Orton next on Monday night  #RAW 
@user sorry @user but why should Muslims have to march? Did the Irish after IRA? No. Maybe stop bombing foreign countries for a start? 
how about the balls on TC to stay with Thor with bases loaded to get that 3rd out!! #mets 
The Coast Guard Station Port O'Connor boatcrews had a busy day Friday with two search and rescue operations. 
Retweeted GameSpot (@gamespot):  Praise the Sun! @user breaks down the lore of Dark Souls today on In 2... 
I wonder why Drake didn't release the 2nd verse on Madonna all at once. I think it's better than the first one. 
Hector Gomez / Gomez left the team's Cactus League game Thursday after running #MLB #COL 
"Just turned onto TFI Friday. Chris Evans is clearly still trying to get Charlene Spiteri from Texas into bed. Give it up man, you're fifty." 
"Rocky 1st sets tone as Santiago, Angels fall to Price: --David Price shut down the Angel... 
Niall is at the US Open again today - September 4 #2 
Kim Hyung Jun - Football Team the 2nd A Match at YeongDeungPo-gu DaeRimDong [12.10.27] Credit : tlxhah #6 
Know what's scary? Serena was mildly injured a little after Wimbledon and sat out before the US Open.  She could win with that formula. 
Friday 18th - Don't miss the next #creativemornings in Milan with Ale Giorgini. See you in the morning! 
"Twilight Hour: The soft glowing light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon, caused by the refraction... 
So with Bey performing at the Superbowl in Feb. I’m assuming new material in the coming months before hand then album after Grammy’s 
David Price will take the mound Friday vs. #Yankees looking to pitch #BlueJays to franchise-record 12th-straight win. #Narrative #MLB 
Are U in NY? Do U want freedom for Khader Adnan? Are U awesome? If so, U better be at the rally in NY, Feb 20 4:30-7:30 at Israeli embassy 
"Yo I'm all in for trying to break Tom Brady on Thursday. All our D Lineman should just yell ""deflategate"" the whole game" 
"If he truly loves his party, Boehner should be doing all he can to schedule Obama's address on the same night as the GOP debate." 
NFL News: New York Giants: Game-by-Game Predictions for the 2nd Half of the Season #Football #NFL #NFCEast 
The gap is closing between number one Google and number two Facebook on the top digital-advertising-generating companies and Pandora is 6th 
The Lazarus Effect will be tweeted tomorrow. It's Sharknado's night tonight 
COMPETITION TIME!!!!  Last Sunday at the VMA's Kanye west announced he will be running for president of the United... 
@user @user @user SCOTUS has determined that the 14th amendment guarantees equal access to marriage for all citizens 
"Have questions about Islam and Muslims? Join us  at the Lady Fatima Center Open House on Sat, Sept 19 10am - 2pm 
Wwe summerslam vip meet and greet ticket with randy orton:  $175.00 (0 Bids)End Date: Tuesday Aug-... #wwetickets 
Highkey considering going to the Justin Bieber concert in May #DontJudgeMe 
@user you're an angry elf tonight!  Apples, Obamacare, relax its Friday..." 
"Tifosi, save the date: on September 3rd #Kimi7 will visit the new @user in Milan! 
"Tay Tay is in a roll  i know im realizing this kinda late but c'mon she is on a roll baby!! Style, Blank Space, Bad Blood" 
Gucci plenty breath hopeful prognosis may widen the brace your physiological individual entrance proliferation... 
@user Morning with homeless men evening with Charles Dickens’s great great granddaughter Standard day with 1st yrs at BucksAdSchool 
"Why then should the world wonder the works of Boko Haram ISIS and Alqueda, Alshabaab, etc 
Junhyung is involved in a new song with Prepix. I think he produced the song. The song will be released on April 24th. 
What Ebert said about the FRIDAY THE 13th series is actually true of SHARKNADO: whatever you say about one can stand for all of them. 
catching up on the last 3 weeks of Friday night ABC new episodes #abc2020 #tvtag 
Brook Lopez gets a short shot +1, #brooklynnets lead 71-56 w/ 4:20 to play in the 3rd quarter. #hellobrooklyn 
@user @user @user Yeah if you're going to get a Milan shirt then make it the home one. Or the awful gold 3rd kit. 
No pain no Gain BALLS DEEP sweet chin music HBK got us all da way TURNT up...hair weave killa dont sweat it tomorrow we'll get you permed up 
Yes! I always wanted to know the meaning of Seth Rollins tattoo.  
Well I guess I'm going to Zac Brown Band at Fenway Friday. Actual lols because I'd never go out of my way for tickets 
@user the Bentley may not have any bumper stickers but had alot of test drivers so it's not in that great of condition 
"John Kasich's immigration position on the Overton window has now shifted from ""Sensible"" to ""Radical"" #TheUnTrump 
"RT @user I'll be at the Birmingham NSCoder night tomorrow (That's Alabama, not the UK) 
@user 14TH AMENDMENT guarantees EQUAL PROTECTION so yeah. Oh &amp;, P.S., no, SCOTUS didn't write the law but DID correctly interpret it. 
if you're not a Sam Smith fan you may want to miss the first few minutes of Bond's SPECTRE.. #SPECTRE #Bond #SamSmith 
May get fired for sneaking into Sam Smith's dressing room tonight to ask him if he'll sing at my funeral but it'll be worth it. Stay tuned. 
Talkin to God on Sunday and Allah by Monday. Wonder if I'll meet Buddha in Nirvana one day. 
Dante Cunningham getting all 12 1st qtr minutes at four and led Minny w/ 8 points. Imagine it’ll be all Derrick Williams in 2nd qtr. 
Iran said Sunday new US visa regulations for visitors from 38 mainly European countries but including Iran flies in the face of Tehran's 
Lose yourself in the magic of Christmas during our twilight visits from 18 to 20 Dec @user 
"After watching Amanda Nunes' fight on Saturday, it's clear the @user will begin work on Rousey vs. Nunes. One for the books." 
"PRESS: ""R U worried Murray dominated his 3rd round?"" DJOKER &amp; ROGER: ""Only if he dominated ALL his matches like we did."" #USOpen2015 #tennis" 
John Kasich is 16th Republican to enter the race for White House 
@user On Monday, several voters complained that their electronic ballot machine cast the wrong vote in Greensboro NC 
"Remember that all policy ideas need to be submitted by tomorrow for the policy meeting on Saturday at the Morris Hall, Shrews, at 1pm" 
@user tomorrow practice what time? cuz i hv to go to mysa's hse to make thhe notebooks... 
"Lawyers argue that Yakub filed mercy plea for the first time in his own name on Wednesday. Hence, he should get 14 days' @user 
@user If the day should ever come that u do a video for Bad Blood, may I audition for the part of Lucky Fiori sir?" 
@user it'll be all good when I see who the killer or killers are in Until Dawn. Still may get PS4 in Nov for Fallout 4. Want so bad 
"{big if and chuck norris only knows it } "" assuming if you have an idea tomorrow is going to be an up day """ 
The new iPhone will be announced tonight at 1AM (10th Sept). Here's how to watch it live 
"While MSNBC host Chris Matthews may be over the moon about John Kasich, seeing him as the most ""moderate"" and... 
Just heard that Jackets + Falcons + Joe Biden all doing things around 7pm on Thursday is gonna make traffic hellish!!!! Fun!!!! 
Love is like Michael Jackson’s 8th nose .. you’ll never understand it 
@user You going to AC/DC tomorrow night? #RockOrBustWorldTour 
The Perfect Storm (with George Clooney) v. The Day After Tomorrow (with Jake Gyllenhaal, Dennis Quaid) -- #Sandy more comparable to ... 
Real Madrid have asked Keylor Navas to cancel his flight out of Madrid on Monday as they try to include him in the deal that would finally 
Grim do you think that Seth Rollins will reunite with the shield if he losses both of his titles the US and the WWE  
@user yeah but we have Memorial Day, 4th of July, Cinco de Mayo, Thanksgiving, Presidents Day, MLK day, and do they do Labor Day? 
"Gay hip-hop star Le1f may have just out-Azealia Banks'd Azealia Banks with his new track ""Koi"". The video is MENTAL. 
Guys can we kill the John Cena meme please. I see enough of him on Monday nights. 
Man its unbelievable that Paul Dunne is even leading going into championship Monday 
Jason Wu with Brizo The inspiration behind the SS2013 runway show #Design #nyfw #MBFW #fashionweek #fashion 
@user Harvey thanks you for this scene Harper. Takes the attention off him to pitch tomorrow lol. 
@user were out this Tuesday after a boozey day watch the mighty #lcfc at Bolton 
@user Tark may become another Suleman Rushdi as he thinks negativity rather positivity of Islam which is also a abnormal phenomenon. 
From satellite images, it appears that Muscat may get some thundershowers tonight 
Listen for the Zac Brown Band sounder tonight and be caller 9 to win tickets to see them this Sunday! 
@user I dreamed about katy perry dragging Nicki's back for you on sunday and it was very fatal. I hope it's gonna happen 
@user @user all this people should not be in Milan ether may be DS cuz he still had some time 
Whatever Wednesday's at #Machine is very... Whatever so far- with a group of Red Sox game tourists it seems. 
There's an Eid fair thing in Mcr on Fri/Sat. I'll almost definitely be there tomorrow to push kids off the best rides 
Today’s answer: Stone has received 3 Academy Awards for his work on the films Midnight Express, Platoon, and Born on the Fourth of July. 
#horseracing Breeders’ Cup will be televised Saturday for the first time in prime time! You won’t want to miss it @ 8pm EDT on NBC. 
No movie tonight or tomorrow! hope you enjoy the week and we'll be back on Friday with Paper Towns! :) 
#hulu Jimmy Kimmel Live - Axl Rose, Part 1: Part 1 of Jimmy Kimmel’s interview with Axl Rose.Added: Thu Oct 25 1... 
Is Amazon Prime Day really the new Black Friday? Our Insight team take a look: 
going to see Justin Bieber on 14th October in London 
Gucci bags superego good hope january flaunt the dual yours entelechy ultra-ultra fanning out versus argumentu... 
@user is it Real Madrid or MUFC? Who refused to negotiate on Sunday? I think it's MUFC. Please correct me. 
How much do you know about John Kasich?: Take this quiz to keep up with the sweet 16th Republican pre... @user 
@user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user *Why wait till 11th grade?Rigor waits 4 no1!3rd?" 
"Many ""Christians"" will not finish this video, but it's truth. The Book of 1st John is very informative on the... 
"Got my Ole Miss season tickets today, question now is will they win any conference games. We are Bama fans so more about seeing daughter." 
I have a feeling there’s going to be quite abit of transfer activity @ Spurs tomorrow 
"Tomorrow the last day of the transfers and players like Zacca,Noce,Matri are still in Milan. @user 
So is Modi ji going to Nagpur tomorrow to click selfie with the hangman and Yakub ? 
Robert Pattinson & Anna Kendrick at the 19th Annual ELLE Women in Hollywood Celebration! 
"May the Feng Shui Be With These Five Star Wars-Themed Household Items: Star Wars day is a little strange, beca... 
@user Just saturday now, the lead is close. #MTVHottest Katy Perry" 
Don't miss the FREE Roxane Gay lecture Thursday at 7 pm at Trinity United Methodist Church in Savannah! @user @user @user 
@user Hi Stephen, wanted to double check with you on your availability for Eid Dinner on Sat 25th at The Orchards from 11:30 to 13:30" 
"The GazettE 10th Anniversary Book DECADE:        In addition to the release of their 10th Anniversary Live DVD, ... 
05 Beat it - Michael Jackson - Thriller (25th Anniversary Edition) [HD] 
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will roll out his first big policy proposal Tuesday in Minnesota when he unveils his plan to repeal and 
Tbh come with me to dunkin tomorrow before the instore i payed 100 dollars to get the table on the plane @user 
@user well at least its not Curtis, and he may have made some mistakes bc he's human but with a fanbase as big as his he shouldnt" 
"Motorola has launched the Moto G 3rd generation smartphone at the company's launch event in New Delhi, India.... 
I may probably sell my pc and my smartphone to get a Nokia brick and live like in the 2000's... with no more minecraft. 
Uncharted 4 is coming to PS4 on March 18 with two fancy editions to choose from 
"I'm sorry, but if you see Paul Mccartney tomorrow you're weak af #Lollapalooza" 
"#News: nirvananews:  August 28th, 1993 - Nirvana meet with Youri...: nirvananews:  August 28th, 19... #KeepGrunge" 
Adam Levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the Late Show with David Letterman on Thursday (October 25) in New York City 
Using my advent calendar to count down the days to Corbyn's resignation. Expect to see a resurgence of the IRA and support for 3rd intifada 
@user @user and SCOTUS ruled any law outlawing same sex marriage is unconstitutional for violating the 14th 
The Bee Gees 'Stayin Alive' was originally named 'Saturday Night' but the band decided there were too many songs with that title already 
Dave Coker has got a couple new signings in the squad tomorrow night and has Dave Cull and Sam Smith back  in the squad! #SFC 
Starting my day of awesomeness by seeing Taken 2 with Steph and Mike D. Then going food shopping and to Monday Night Football 
Murray holds to 30 and now Anderson leads 5-3 in the 2nd set. Anderson will serve for the set for a 2nd time #USOpen 
I should work at dunkin. Get the donuts every friday. 
They should just say fuck Chris Tucker and make another Friday with Ice Cube's son and DC Young Fly 
@user as promiscuous reader (lol) you might like my book ""the Persian Paradox"" available on Amazon 1st woman Potus, China, Iran drama" 
@user I know you've been super busy with Paper Towns movies, why not do an oldschool vlogbrothers Q:Tuesday with peanut-butter face xD" 
"...So if you wanna love me then Darlin' don' refrain, or i'll just end up walking in the cold november rain... Ay eso es Nirvana :B #Tanmk" 
"Cc @user ""@Chuks_Dave: As odd as it may sound, I don't even know this Kendrick Lamar!""" 
@user He's gonna pin Seth Rollins because you know John Cena must be protected. Sheamus walks out with both titles this Sunday. 
Moto G (2nd Generation) Just Rs.8099 pay with SBI card Black White 
Holy heat wave,  Batman! That was a scorcher today!  Be sure to rehydrate tonight! See you tomorrow at 8am for Summer Sunset Blast cleanup! 
#Confirmed | Shawn will be performing live on the @user show tomorrow (9/7). 
The secret of the Dark Souls dev: 'keeping game creation fresh': There may be no more Dark Souls games after t... 
UFC president Dana White told the Los Angeles Times on Wednesday that Holly Holm will fight Ronda Rousey and said a Ju...  #SportsNews4US 
Nasdaq follows New York Stock Exchange by announcing it will reopen tomorrow after Superstorm #Sandy kept them closed for two days 
"Busy prepping for Zane's Pi Day tomorrow. Pie all day long! Also thinking about sheep, but that's to do with the lesson for church tomorrow." 
Follow the top Amy Schumer stories for Dec 21 on our topical page: 
@user is addicted to ACT. She just took one on Saturday. And she just signed up for a third test. 
@user I sat gates. But I have Olsen instead. Shoulda started both of them instead of Asiata in the flex. 
Sam Smith wraps his arm around his new wax figure while attending the unveiling event on Monday (August 10) in... 
Moulinparikh: SonySIX hello. Will you telecast Floyd Mayweather's match this Saturday like you did last time? 
@user my lock screen is currently a pic of Katy Perry, it will be a picture of Sunny when I get my new Samsung on Tuesday." 
Milan will play Bologna on the 6th of January when Serie A resumes after the Christmas break. 
@user Hey Emile, do you have plans to LP any more 3rd Party Nintendo Console Titles, such as Fragile Dreams, Last Story, or Klonoa? 
@user you came from Palawan right? Just came from there with Danica!! Saw Josh Lao last sat in the airport & he told me! :) 
Gonna be on the news tomorrow. I’m going to be the girl wearing the Big Time Rush shirt. :D 
@user I'm just now gettin things finalized plans but it's September 29th at cafe Asia 
@user  So, may be we can use the same for 'minority' Muslims in India but we don't, thanks to the tolerance of Hindu-majority India" 
Lavender fields at Hvar island. Imagre taken during our Adriatic2Alps photo tour in June. Share if you like... 
"American Horror Story's third season is out on Monday, so here's a photo of the Blu-ray. #WhyDidItHaveToBeSnakes 
You are essentially Sat-Chit-Ananda (Existence-Knowledge-Bliss Absolute). You are That Brahman! Live to realize the Self! Attain Nirvana! OM 
Kinder Morgan, Chevron, & Shell: Natural Gas M&A of the Day: Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) places 2nd, only toE... 
"1st game played under Solar Powered floodlights in the world happened in MYSA,Nairobi Kenya. #PhilipsLED" 
"Iron Maiden with Quiet Riot as special guest at Madison Square Garden NYC - October 8th, 1983  Iron Maiden new... 
Becoming the WMD capital of Europe is Scotland's Union dividend says George Osborne (followed by evil cackle). 
Roma stun Juve as Chievo crush Lazio: Milan (AFP) - Juventus's early season woes continued on Sunday with a 2-... 
Austin Rivers just scored his 1st NBA points with 6:48 left in the 4th you running with the big boys now son (my Doc Rivers voice) 
See more from Kathy Goetz on IBM's Watson at the LSA Conference on November 4th and 5th | 
@user Chris Rene is coming to New Zealand Nov 5, 6 ans 7th! DM @user to get him in the studio!" 
New Amiibo wave rumored to include Luis Ramirez (Marine) and Bryyus the First, Nintendo Direct scheduled for tomorrow 
"Prince George (and the entire Cambridge family!) featured on new cover of @user dated August 24 &amp; on sale today. 
Desperately needing girl talk! Cart wait for True Blood tomorrow with @user & @user 
@user I guess they the gucci ones they come out tomorrow 
I just did a shit load of typing. My group better call me Queen tomorrow. 
Question: I wore this shirt one time and it was the Monday before Thanksgiving Break its too soon for a repeat right? 
"BBC kicked for holding out the hand of friendship to newspapers" Guardian 
RT @user ESPN MLB Cameron Maybin starting to see the sun 
Only can it be known tomorrow if DDG's transfer to Real Madrid went through.... Get some rest. More drama to come. 
Heat,Celtics,Bulls,knicks>RT @user Who do you have at 4th?@ShazLNS @user 
Looking for something to do before the Colts tomorrow nite? Take the Circle City Tour -- $15 hop-on/hop-off access all day! 
Anyone going yo watch the Lakers vs Heat game in Miami February? 
Suarez is 1 YC away from a domestic suspension. If he picks up a YC this Sunday vs Newcastle, then he will miss the clash at SB next w/end. 
@user I’ll be at LAX tomorrow. If you’re still there I’ll bring In N Out 
"taylorswift fact#4 : she released the ""Bad Blood"" Music Video on May 17. 
They put the days we missing on the news: 2 days from Christmas Break, President’s Day, and we get out June 24. -______- 
If you want to put junk bonds into your IRA you may benefit from working with a financial advisor.. a human one :) 
ALSO kinda late but I just realized Naruto was born on the 10th of October and that's when they're releasing the Boruto movie 
@user If he was Derrick Strait or Roy Williams, he might get a pass. He may yet get there but for now, he's closer to Stoops doghouse" 
So I haven’t seen this friend since 7th grade and I just found out she’s in the Covina band! They go to Utah! 
I may talk my shit about Caitlyn Jenner. But I'm going to use her correct name and pronouns. That's the least I can do. 
@user i meant to ask you, did you get my text Sunday night? James Murphy was playing the salty dog 
#Germany's leader Angela Merkel @user  to run for 4th term, she is in talks about her election campaign according to #DerSpiegel 
I really hope David Wright doesn't kill the Mets flow when he comes back tomorrow. I think we're doing great without him 
Selling 2 lawn tickets to Jason Aldean for next Saturday. Let me know if you are interested 
@user then you would be so good that they would ask you to be there 5th member and you would mend there broken hearts after Zayn left 
WASHINGTON, Aug 26 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama in a phone call with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday voiced 
1 am Wednesday night and we had to call an uber to take us to dunkin doughnuts bc too throwed it's time to take a different path in my life 
Mariners Despite Franklin Gutierrez's two-run homer in the 7th wasn't enough as the White Sox got a 4-2 win 
"Selena's greatest hits album will come out November 24th, &amp; it's called 'For You' it will include 2 new songs &amp; 4 old songs!! hzkjKanajajaNS" 
Bill Cosby Live at the Winspear Opera House on June 9th! #billcosby 
"Express Front Line with Kamran Shahid """"International Day of #Women"""" 05 March 2012 #Pakistan #MQM #WomenPK 
I think Meg may very well be one of the most clueless HGs ever on Big Brother. She's giving Devin a run for his money in cluelessness. #BB17 
Remembering George Harrison of the beatles. Today is his 13th death anniversary. 
"Final Destination 5 opens Friday. If it does well, they'll film ""FD6"" and ""FD7."" So it's really more like ""Qualifying Heat Destination 5.""" 
@user @user @user @user I may be showing the original Sharknado if you guys haven't seen it yet. 
"Fight Food Waste, Feed the Planet: @user conference in Milan next 15 October #stopfoodwaste  
"While at it, please help end discrimination against Muslims the right to kill non-Muslims in America. 
Full Moon:Oct 29th. You can read more if you have your Sun Sign in Libra, Scorpio, Sag, Cap, Aqua or Pisces 
@user and @user open tonight for Nuit Blanche! 
Can't wait to get this shit day over and done with and see Foo Fighters tomorrow! 
I can't believe the last time Barca scored against Malaga was in January 2014, that's odd. My money on Malaga to win tonight #bbceurofooty 
Watchman on the Wall: Obama and NATO Plan To Attack Israel In October WR15-207 
I am still yet to see Zayn's full fledged smile with his tongue between his teeth after March :( #ZquadWantsZaynToSmile 
"RIP, Former  NFL  Star and AMAZING  Monday  Night  Football  Commentator  Frank Gifford. THANKS  for the Memories." 
Fair is fair! CNN needs to let Carly Fiorina be on the main stage at the September 16 debate!  Several of us got... 
"Meet and Greet with Scott Walker in Harlan, Iowa on Wed., August 26 #Iowa #Walker16 #ScottWalker    Via @user 
If you found a set of headphones &amp; an iPod @user on Saturday by @user in Terminal C, please turn them in. Reward offered. #american 
RT @user My article Preview: Anderson Silva vs. Yushin Okami. #UFC134 Rio. Give it a read before the fights tonight. #MMA htt ... 
Im having like a terrible day and Maddie just made it ten times better with Dunkin tomorrow 
"Josh Hamilton's go-ahead RBI in the 11th, opened up the floodgates, as 7 more runs were scored. Texas #Rangers won 11-3 over #Mariners. #MLB" 
Hello my Navy Yard and Coast Guard friends. Tomorrow we will be at Truckeroo. From 11am to 11pm.  @ the Fairground on Half St. 
someone should just name Niall the 5th member of 5sos already 
Perfect Little Planet, the Challenger Learning Center of Tallahassee’s new planetarium show premieres tomorrow!... 
@user Driving from Nashville to ATL to see RUSH for the 11th time! Second row PITT baby!!! Yahoo!!!!! 
Dosu with super Eagles coach Sunday oliseh nd Larry Izamoje..... 
"So, crashed a wedding reception and Andy Lee's bro was in the bridal party. How'd you spend your Saturday night? #longstory" 
Haven't paid attention to the British Open since Friday. What did you do Dustin Johnson? What did you do? 
Paul Dunne drops a shot at the 2nd after finding trouble off the tee. He's back to 10-under with Louis Oosthuizen leading at 13-under. 
@user @user this photo is from January after Charlie Hebdo.  Paris is not looking like this at the moment. 
"It's not THE new album, but I'll still take part two of the lonny breaux collection. C'mon frank ocean, we been waiting" 
"Tomorrow at 9 on First Coast Connect, we'll discuss the recent dust-up between Ben Affleck and Bill Maher over Islam. Hear it live on 89.9!" 
AFC's top running backs to meet on Monday night football: Arian Foster and Le'Veon Bell are the AFC's top two ... 
We're giving away Jason Aldean tickets! Text us win tickets to his Burning it Down Tour Sept 12 #JiffyLubeLive @user 
@user friend I heard that Rahul Gandhi is interested in hiring prashanth Kishore,may be he can try his luck by approaching congress." 
Tomorrow is National #FreeBooth Awareness Day.  Wear Orange so I know it real. 
@user Gov. Bobby Jindal, 1st. nominate a Leader and Talk with ONE Voice..in my view sorry there is no Leadership in GOP.. 
@user Hey are you going to Blue Diamond tomorrow? and are you driving? o: 
World Tomorrow with Julian Assange - Wikileaks - All Episodes: All twelve episodes plus the trailer for the show... 
"Kind of want to go to yoga, kind of want to stay here and watch Freaky Friday" 
"3rd day of EID, still can't find a place to park my Car. . Celebrations every where! 
"John Kasich Quiet on Trump, but Says Women 'Make Things Better': Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Sunday didn't want t... 
@user I think u Added ur twitter ID in about section of ur YouTube channel or may b from Google+.U helped me a while back with tasker 
#MEDIA #US #ru Klitschko is big hit with Ukrainian voters: KIEV (AFP) - Ukraine prepared Saturday... #EU #UK #Obama 
David Price finishes his start with 7 IP and 0 R. This is his 2nd career start against the Yankees without allowing a run (9/13/2010 w/TB) 
Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed why Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel was not on the list of... 
@user is selling 3 Justin bieber tickets (next to each other) for Manchester on the Sat night for a little over face value. Dm him 
@user I'm thinking the same thing. They may try it like they did UCLA. 
"Ancelotti has declared James, Ronaldo, Bale and Benzema as his quartet vs. #Barcelona on the 25th 
Lexus announces new RC200t coupe with 241bhp turbo power:         News          31 Jul, 2015    Lexus... 
Aye everybody going to do a giveaway tomorrow for a Ps4 account with a stacked 2k15 team would anybody want that ? 
@user strange enough, I’m going to see Noel Gallagher in concert tomorrow  night. #alldayb1tch 
@user Friday night... Listening ""Cameron Dallas"" by Shawn mendes  while you are imegine if Cameron Dallas is your boyfriend" 
Dean Ambrose may have killed the Big Show with that dive through the ropes #RAW #WWE 
Tune in to 104.1FM at 7pm to hear the best of Friday Night Lights football coverage of Neodesha at Fredonia with Jeff Carpenter on the mic! 
Saudi Arabia Announces Muslim Anti-terror Alliance of Islamic Nations: Saudi Arabia announced Tuesday the form... 
Starting to make our wicker  lanterns today for the Bemmy Winter Lantern Parade ( ion 8th Dec )- get involved  free public workshops at ACTA 
Exploiting PL/SQL Injection in Oracle with only CREATE SESSION privileges (6th Edition) 
Aktuell: Reports: Angela Merkel set for 4th term: There are no term limits in Germany and the last CDU chancel... 
Janet Jackson paid tribute to Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death on Tuesday 
Good morning Bel Ami fans! Thought we’d start your Sunday off with more gorgeous Bel Ami Fan art! This one... 
If anyone wants to go to the duke game Saturday with the kershaw county Clemson club please inbox me! 
"Did Donald Trump propose the biggest tax hike in American history as Jeb Bush says?"  Ruling: True 
@user only September? Maybe it should be at least an "No Oliver Willis after Labor Day" 
I understand that SHINee may have just single handedly saved Kpop but really are we gonna try and bash EXO? 
We’ll be skyping Khader Adnan tomorrow at Palestine Place 5pm, the 66 day hunger striker against Israeli... 
.@tonyortegamusic @user @user SCOTUS ruled that the 14th amendment applies to same sex marriage. 
#USOpen2015 Eeeeek! 3rd set tiebreak for Murray &amp; Anderson! Konta v Kvitova on serve with the Briton serving very well! 
"serious question, does Niall ever see the sun?" 
We beat Allstar’s Gaming 2night and have advanced to the finals in @user AfterMath!  We play next Thursday night @ 8pm EST. 
John Kasich is now the   #campaign2016   #TheLiesWeTellKids #earthquake   #ExplainEarthToSpaceAliens #NathanSykesGMA 
Netflix addiction problems: it's midnight, I have to get up early tomorrow, and I want to watch everything. #notenoughhoursinaday 
"Vote for which song you want to hear tomorrow at 6:30pm! BTW, Hedley will be here in town tomorrow night along... 
The super PAC backing Gov. Bobby Jindal, who was relegated to the second-tier debate panel on Thursday in Cleveland, will broadcast an ad 
Tottenham Hotspur boss Andre Villas-Boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a January bid for Brazilian Willian. 
Should i have an engagement party?  Any who.. SAN FRANCISCO this weekend then... I officially move to Colorado on the 13th. 
Why did no one tell me Madonna is going to be at the Verizon center on Friday!? 
I would be at berkmar football game on  the 31st . 
"When was it released?""""@rayy_shie: Omg. October 1 is out???? Produced by kunle Afolayan :::??" 
First home game tomorrow @ 7 against Eastern be there or you're gay and if you're gay you can still come too I guess 
My cousins going to see Sam Smith tomorrow :( I'm jealous 
who’s going to Zimmerman on Saturday? 
On @user @user at 11:35pm, Emily Blunt, U.S. Air Force Airman 1st Class Spencer Stone, Rita Ora with Chris Brown perform #Kimmel 
"RT @user This afternoon's Jets training camp practice will be closed to the public due to heavy storms heading toward Florham Park, NJ" 
@user who shld take the credit Kejriwal or Rahul Gandhi or now may b Nitish 
Did you know that 'Scott Walker' was Trending Topic on Sunday 30 for 3 hours in Chicago? #trndnl 
@user @user yeah no love from espn but they will to bring up the drama at every opportunity so we may get tons of coverage 
Checking out John Kasich's claim that he was 'one of the chief architects' of balanced budget via @user 
Rare i walk away from a match but big day tomorrow so i need my sleep. Shout loud Murray fans #BacktheBrits #USOpen 
"Record August for Milan visitors: (ANSA) - Milan, September 8 - Milan, thanks to the Expo world's fair, had a ... 
@user Who will get the tough buckets in the 4th quarter for, The Bulls? 
@user but the difference is thay Rousey will fight whoever they throw at her and may picks his fights 
Did you hear?  The Fr. 15 program tomorrow night has been MOVED TO CME!  See you upstairs at the CME tomorrow night at 7:00pm! 
@user Only because the Jets are playing tonight, I'm going to a Red Bull match on Sunday. Only playoff team in the NY area" 
"only us... milan,italy...feb 14 2017...saving the date." 
Sejesong Sunday Sessions @ Imbizo Busy Corner ( Midrand Ivory Park Ext 2 next to Eskom ) is the place to be 12:00 pm Till Late 
Google seems to think the @user site may be hacked? 
First Nate Dogg's son get's the boot from #UW football, now Snoop Dogg's son leaves #UCLA. 
This Saturday... I am there with Younique.. and also.. Allthe Rayge .. enter in to win the raffle to win a free... 
"Eid is on the 23rd and 24th of September, si they just extend to Friday so we can have a 5 day holiday :-)" 
@user nah I gotta take the act tomorrow and from there go to beaumont for oscars game 
"Just bought Dark Souls too. I'll finished them, even if it may put my laptop's life in danger." 
Be careful what you wish for Michelle Obama will announce soon.  That 3rd term talk is a test 
"When """"columbus"""" shoots Bill Murray in zombieland it may be one of the funniest things ever." 
MONTGOMERY | Selma inventor Don Chamberlain says he’s running against incumbent U.S. Rep. Terri Sewell in Tuesday’s general election to... 
Night of Champions on August 29th with WLW, Ric Flair and Harley Race in Troy, Missouri via @user 
"December 22, Happy Birthday Robin + Maurice Gibbs of the Bee Gees. 
@user (2) I proved to you that Muslims had attacked us for 400 years before the 1st crusade, meaning you are wrong. Correct?" 
historic canoe journey to protect the Salish Sea and stand against Kinder Morgan’s pipeline expansion project Sept 1st 
Idk if Imma survive not tweeting Digi tomorrow because a lot of people aren't even tweeting them unless I make them..... 
PHOTOS: Rihanna Crowned Carnaval Queen: Pop superstar visited the Greystone Manor Supperclub Wednesday night and was... 
Up at 6 today - DJing till 4 o’clock tomorrow morning, up at 8am for a magazine shoot then straight up to Liverpool for the MOBOs - zzzzzzzz 
Not half as ridiculous as the story of a state govt. spending hundred of millions on prayer warriors against Boko Haram! #Sunday #Church 
Chicago (IL) Sun-Times: Jeb Bush gets personal with &amp;#039;germophobe&amp;#039; Donald Trump. More #Chicago #news - 
Vettel will use 6th engine in Austin. He already announced not to take part in qualifying cause he will start from pitlane anyway. 
Photo: Kirsten Dunst on her way to the Independent Spirit Awards, Feburary 25th 
2nd #blog from Curtis. It's a short one!...2nd day of work experience-'Embarrassment is a funny thing...' by Curtis  
@user If India is they, who are you then?  Ys WE hanged Yakub. @user @user @user  
@user Congress President Sonia Gandhi &amp; Rahul Gandhi asked to appear in the court on December 19 at 3 pm #HeraldHauntsCong Very Good. 
#BMF1USA Vettel announces that he will use his 6th full engine in Austin and he won't take part in qualy beacause he will start from pitlane 
"Considering seeing Ant-Man &amp; Paper Towns on Monday, but I'd have to go to the @user theater without pretzels. Torn. Fat,but Torn." 
"Tracy McGrady, one of the all time NBA greats, announced his farewell on Tuesday, as he moves out to China to play for Qingdao Eagles." 
@user I am sure you know this but Good Night Irene was a an old love song.  
"Lax sesh tomorrow fr, need it" 
Can someone take me to Blossom on the 18th to see Ed Sheeran 
"Brentley takes a Coffeyville fumble 15 yards for the defensive score. Missed PAT, 34-12 PHS. 4:34 2nd #vkscores @user 
The Red Sox can play spoiler down the stretch 
I may have to change my mind about musicals: David Bowie to write songs for SpongeBob Squarepants musical 
#WAOK The Sports Kings: UGA Gets Ready For Boise State!: Yesterday No. 19 Georgia scrimmaged against the Bull... 
@user @user A minor part of it may or may not be that it tanked in FAL after THE GAY appeared and it was #1 on my lineup. 
Hmm. Lexus may be entering the Aussie V8 Supercars scene soon. I think it would be pretty mad to see an RC F V8 Supercar. 
RT/rationalsupport2012DOORS Next Generation Beta 3 - We pleased to announce availability of the 3rd installment for DOORS Next Genera... 
Gelfand in the lead after 8 rounds of the London Grand Prix #Chess with 5.5/8. Nakamura loses 3rd game in a row. 
And you get David Price tomorrow Yankees 
IPod: Apple iPod touch 8 GB (2nd Generation--with iPhone OS 3.1 Software Installed) [OLD MODEL] 
Shawty by Plies and Tpain just came on. This is like 4th grade. Lmaoo 
Let Loose with Selfie this Tuesday at 8|7c on ABC! #englishtvshow #englishtvseries #hollywoodtvseries #trending 
"David Bowie famously sang that ""We can be heroes, just for one day"". But it's a Monday and I've got stuff to do, so it'll have to wait." 
when Digi tour leaves you cause you don't know what 'No' means  
"[Music News] Lorde and Nicki ""may have hit the studio"" 
Choirs off next Friday or the one after that... Tryna get a handful of people to go out somewhere for dinner... Anyone interested?? 
If you're going to lolla tomorrow...please don't be stupid and miss Paul McCartney for The Weeknd. 
Prince George is two today. I hope he doesn't angrily destroy his birthday cake like i did on my 2nd birthday #familylegend 
@user I don't want to alarm you but Paper Towns is out tomorrow 
"David Price: Love and Hate in Jamestown: John Smith, Pocahontas, and the Heart of a New Nation 1St edition by David P 
I miss Zayn I feel like he may have forgotten his password or tbh he's probably rebooted that old nokia 
"John Cena, please stop breaking the 4th wall every time you enter the arena. #WWE #SummerSlam" 
So I've decided to make Oreo #cupcakes tomorrow with my sis @user 
"Good morning all! A full house today, do ring if you have any problems. Tomorrow both Kenny and Murray are out of... 
"Only person left from a packed theatre waiting to see the 2nd end-credits scene in Ant-Man.  Come on people, you know how this works by now." 
Catch me up there on lemon and hermosa after saturday at the new pad 
So has Seth Rollins chances of retaining the title just increased or decreased? The world may never know... until Night of Champions 
Crazy Saturday at British Open Ends Where It Began with Dustin Johnson on Top | Bleacher Report 
On Saturday the makers of Sharknado bring you Police Academy: Lavarantula #Sharknado3 
@user Rahul Gandhi back to his home. Italy. May be the last time he goes before Feb 20 hearing. Next time Jail for sure. #congress 
Irish amateur Paul Dunne is one of three players leading The Open before the final round on Monday at St Andrews. 
To go to Astrology night tomorrow or to not go to Astrology night tomorrow. That is the question. 
@user lets bounce to Wrestlemania 29th in NYC.  Undertaker is truly the last one left of the 90s era. The Rock gon compete too 
@user Alright. Thank you for the details. You may contact Google on this. :) 
@user @user they are going in on the Lakers. Mike Brown may need to take notes.. 
@user does hank williams jr sing the song for monday night rugby, too?" 
"*cue rebecca black voice* it's friday, friday gotta get down on friday!!!" 
"Sonia, Rahul Gandhi may not seek bail in National Herald Case: Sources -it is legal matter and law of the country is supreme" 
Peter Garrett live online forum with principals 26 Mar 12pm AEDT. Tweet questions to #schoolsfunding. Info #gonski 
Tom Brady spoke in foxboro today and said he hoped he was always going to play and is looking forward to Thursday night. #WBZ 
"Feel bad for the person who's next to me at the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow, because I'm singing as loud as I possibly can lol" 
John Kasich in and out within a few days because of the Trump Trumpet! 
"Our first write-in is Saturday, November 3 from 12-2 at Coffee to a Tea, on the first floor in the same building as Mellow Mushroom." 
"In his first game back since April 14, David Wright went 2-for-5 with a HR, BB and three R on Monday. He also made two errors at 3B." 
I was just stalking Nicki's IG and now I have to work out for 18 hours tomorrow 
Gucci Foams 1st thing in the Morning... 
"Hindsight says #Gibby shouldve never let David Price see the 8th, but you gotta see what you got,, #BlueJays" 
"A 435-pound woman struggles with the hard work and commitment needed to get healthy on #EMWL, ABC Sunday at 9pm" 
Why would they have Hot Jam on a school night ? They usually do it on a Friday or something . 
Oct 19: Election day; also Harper's last day at work. #elxn42 #cdnpoli  
"A federal judge in New York has vacated Tom Brady's four-game suspension. Brady is understandably pleased, but it may be a good idea to" 
@user He made her drive all the 10 hours up there Fri, Scotland pub crawl think it 3 hrs between cousins, back mon! Twat" 
"FEC Holds Valedictory Session For Maku, 6 Other Ministers: The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday he... 
"Back to Edmonton, Canada!...who's going!.... July 21st muddafuggaz! SHANNON LETO VIA TWITTER... 
Help us get to 250 followers by the start of MVC Playoffs this Sunday! @user @user @user @user 
Gr8 now my whole tl is gonna be filled w the new iPhone tomorrow -.- 
November Days of Gratitude Day 25 - Thanksgiving Leftovers - I've eaten them every day since Thanksgiving and I'm... 
On this day in 2001 we lost George Harrison. November 29th 2001. #GeorgeHarrison #WhileMyGuitarGentlyWeeps 
@user I know, James. It's just the effusive ""best brand/gear"" language may not set well with Big Brother." 
@user Kanye West is your friend? You like him?  That may be the one comment that ruins you 
Maybe @user did not get your memo? They DID mention in crawl that @user CT will side with Obama ... 
Who goin to see Kevin Hart on the 8th ? 
"Us Magazine Caitlyn Jenner Hits the Town in Tight Jeans, Minimal Makeup: Photo:  #news #May #Omg #NFB" 
Sept 1: PS4 game consoles may experience issues accessing certain network services. IT is aware of the issue and is actively working on it. 
Game of TONES 1st question today on @user with @user  - Who was Mariah Carey married too from Sony? 
@user We are done for the rest if the day. Tomorrow we will be in Hollywood's Art Park for dinner 
Bernie Sanders will be news when he collapses - "the corporate press is the cancer of truth" - me - i'm a survivor - 
"#tbt Throwback Thursday... blastin old school shit all day. Iron Maiden, The Big 4, and more! #metal #thrash #speed" 
"""""@FrencHMonTanA: DMV I will be Performing LIVE @ DC Star this Saturday w/ Big and the Band shout to Sunshine + Bennyt""""" 
#BREAKING @user confirms Ireland will be closed Monday* as Paul Dunne aims to enrage the Crown with @user win.  *PUBS WILL BE OPEN 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh has revealed that Chelsea midfielder, John Mikel Obi was left out of the 18-man... 
Brought my copy of Go Set a Watchman on a night out at da club so you can say I know how to go really hard on the scene on Saturday nights 
"NOTICE: All of the previous members of xFGx may now rejoin. We shall also be recruiting new members on XB1, PS4. Name: x Fallen Guardians x" 
#Update | Liam and Niall teased the crowd in Ottawa about One Direction's 5th album! 9.8.15 
sept 27th | Cherub, Pell | Ricks Cafe | $5 advance tix | get at me before the date of show cause the price will go up. 
Bill Gates received $25,000 from IBM to write the first program for it's computer. #25th 
What will you be doing with all of your extra Halloween Candy tomorrow - here are a few tips!... 
"damn RIP to my great uncle George Clayton Johnson. 86 years. he wrote the 1st episode of Star Trek, twilight zone episodes and Logan's Run" 
Tom Brady speaking our for the 1st time since his win in court. Details at 3pm #WBZ newsradio 
SimCity delayed, now erecting on March 5: If you were thrilled by the recent lenghty demonstration of SimCity or... 
100-strong Azerbaijani economic delegation to visit Iran: Azerbaijan was the 12th leading importer of Iranian ...  
@user Naruto sat back down behind his desk and waited for the two of them to arrive. 
Reminder: The Mobbies (which celebrate the area's best Internet folk) are tomorrow night at Creative Alliance. 
Keystrokes in the West may mean a death sentence in Saudi Arabia - New Internationalist (blog) 
Gingrich says he may have secret papers re; bengazi on hannity 
John Kasich is now the 16th major Rep  #campaign2016 #election #ContentMarketing #infographic #blogging #socialmedia 
IOS 9 App Transport Security. Mm need to check if my 3rd party network pod supports it 
"Uncharted 4: A Thief's End launches for PS4 in North America on March 18, 2016, Sony announced today.The latest game in the Naughty D..." 
#RAW This may be the first and only mark out moment in Brock Lesnar's career 
@user @user Lithium is essential for fuel cells AND anti-depressants. It's the element of the 21st C. &amp; Bolivia the Saudi Arabia 
"So sad to hear Frank Gifford died.  I have some fond memories of watching Monday Night Football with my Dad.  Frank, Howard and Dandy Don." 
"RT @user Free agent WR Jerricho Cotchery, formerly of Jets, traveling to Baltimore tonite to begin visit with Ravens. Visited Pitt recently" 
Prayers for Yakub at the Mahim dargah just ahead of burial this is the state of Indian Muslims..they support them.. 
"If you oppose gay marriage on religious grounds, find me anything in the Red Words that say same sex couples are not allowed to wed." 
Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose vs Bray Wyatt and Luke Harper RT: if you wanna see it monday on #RAW  FAV: if you wanna see it at #SummerSlam 
Local business continued:  I just wanted that smug female MMA wrestler to see what Floyd Mayweather may have encountered in the past 
Gucci bags nephesh gall february snowball the bipartite your representative drag splay en route to old pro afl... 
Danny Care and James Haskell recalled to the England side for the third Test against South Africa on Saturday, 
"May 14th the riot starts. Rt @user Check out Bill Carter’s piece in the @user : """"Prime-Time Stern"""" @user 
'Seth Rollins' appeared on Tuesday 11 at the 16th place in the Top20 of Manchester's Trends: #trndnl 
@user c u may want to know but by showing it agn &amp; agn we r hurting the family of Yakub ok 
@user no hun they take down the chart but the voting does not stop till the 25th #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"#BB17 protip: Always DVR the hour show after Big Brother on Sundays, because sports. After Sept 1, up it to 2 hours, football is long." 
@user has the MO! #2 in NH will help raise $ &amp; get press. There's a lot to like w/ every man Gov John Kasich. 
Will probably make a scrapbook of Kerry's snapchats from Monday-Friday in the near future 
Italy News: Italy moves to bail out savers: Milan - Italy was working Friday to set up a solidarity fund to he... 
"As many of you know, my bill to phase out the MTA Payroll Tax passed the Senate on June 15th. Speaker Silver... 
@user Would have been semis mate. Mind you don't think i'd be too surprised if they are in Milan in May now. #watchthisspace 
"Looking forward to 4x06&amp; #Olicity tomorrow,but Felicity didn't mention Oliver once to Curtis?I would brag just a bit 
Tomorrow's Invisible Children meeting will take place in the LUCAP office beginning at 1pm 
Kanye West just announced he's running for president. Tomorrow his ego will be announced as his running mate 
Our Daytona 500 is on Wednesday! Shootout and Duels on Tuesday. Thants to @user for letting us use some rules. Rules 16 to the end. 
Incredible picture but it's from the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo shooting in January  
@user He'll be in Iran as long as Obama wants him to be there. O could bring him home tomorrow if he wanted. 
World, I think it may be time to accept that nothing Larry David did after Seinfeld has been funny. 
"As you might have seen, the Great Yorkshire Show is cancelled tomorrow. All children in school at normal time please" 
Super Junior to hold Special 10th Anniversary Match with Fans | Oh! Kpop stars celebrity news... 
Watch out for @user together with Divine, Deniesse and the BIG4 at the Pacific Mall Legazpi Landco Plaza on April 30, 6pm. 
@user Trust me when I say that you are not alone, Kerry; mile 11 of Sunday's half marathon felt worse than mile 23 of my 1st full! 
U2 - LIVE UNDER A BLOOD RED SKY by U2 was no.14 in the UK album charts on 4 September 1985 
"Cotham gives up RBI single to Josh Hamilton, but the unearned run was charged to someone else. He got his first two MLB Ks escape 7th." 
"suicideblonde: Selena Gomez at the TIFF press conference for Spring Breakers, September 7th 
@user clarify religious freedom in SCOTUS ruling or the 1st Amendment stands in contradiction of the ruling. 
Food giants call a truce w/ Michelle Obama, @user reports (Tho some wld say the 1st Lady raised a white flag) 
"Always say we're gonna stop. This Friday night, do it all again. - Katy Perry" 
This Apple event makes me sad about landfills filled w/old iPhones but they I just remember the sun will go nova someday &amp; I'm ok again! 
"Hello Monday! I know it's hard, but I will help you. Get your coffees ready, and I'll see you in 30! Dark Souls I @ 
@user She now goes by the name Katie Price &amp; recently Celebrity Big Brother back in January. 
"Jessica attended Lane Crawford's 1st anniversary event at Shanghai Times Square, China on the 16th." 
The Israel Antiquities Authority turned to the public on Tuesday in a Facebook post in an attempt to understand... 
"""""@Xopher_Lee: I’m thinking I wear a singlets tomorrow for sports day!"""" Haha. Oh how I miss marana spirit days!:(" 
"Our account will be very active for International Fashion Month New York, London, Milan and Paris all the action from Thursday" 
@user Not blaming Muslims or migrants for every problem under the sun doesn't mean not liking white ppl, does it?" 
"Wetherby Reading Club. 11 Sept, 2.00 - 3.30pm, Wetherby Library. Places are limited. Please contact the library for details: 01937 583 144" 
Did you all know that Ric Flair was handed the belt on the 16th time? #SummerSlam 
Paul McCartney and Wings: Nineteen Hundred and Eighty Five Band on the Run (EMI / 5 December 1973)     
So AJ getting in the elevator with Cena means they had sex between the 3rd and the ground floor. -WWE logic. 
@user I didn't watch it like I'm watching Naruto but have I sat &amp; watched some episodes? Yes 
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is prepared to call out members of his own party Tuesday as he unveils his own plan... 
"Now Rahul Gandhi says on #HeraldHauntsCong case, he'll hold his Court in Parliament only tomorrow !" 
Land conservation announcement Monday: Gov. Mitch Daniels and Lt. Gov. Becky Skillman will make a lan... #nashville 
April " I don't have an obsession with Conor McGregor" Mendez, righttt, hun. @user 
Yakub last hope:plea with president#yakub memon scheduled to Hang tomorrow 7 AM# 
How Donald Trump may make Ted Cruz president via @user 
"Yankees fall to Red Sox, fail to gain ground on Blue Jays: The scoreboard on the Green Monster showed a rare sight Monday night: a Bl..." 
Dear @user any chance you can pay out 7th place on dustin johnson after his comeback today #justiceforjohnsonbackers 
I was dreaming about Vampire Diaries last night. GALING. 
just gonna 'wing' my french and HST tests tomorrow ok 
"Coach Brian Kelly yelling """" hold the fucking ball"""" after 4th quarter touchdown by folston #ND" 
Nicki is gonna open with trini dem girls on the pinkprint tour in south africa on the 2nd leg 
@user lol yea I did nigga ! & I said wassup _ was tryin to see was u going up to fairground when the sun leave & shit 
is anyone else going to see Ed Sheeran at Blossom on the 18th? 
New anime from Shinchiro Watanabe (Cowboy Bebop) with music by Yoko Kanno (also Cowboy Bebop) airing this April.  
How Lillian Bassman images pair against the Jason Wu Spring/Summer 2013 Runway show #Photography #Art #design #fashion 
@user @user how do you get Ice T and Ice Cube confused.....1 is from Friday the other is from New Jack city 
Regionals: Pedro to miss Messi: The latest stories from Tuesday's regional newspapers as Pedro says he is going to miss former team-m... 
RT @user RT @user West Cork Pig Derby tonight in Timoleague!  Declared non-runners! #corkbuzz 
Good grief - over in Italy cars are literally melting in the sun! Not a Lexus, mind. 
Novel banned in NZ because of complaints from Christians. What better marketing can you wish for for your novel? :D 
Not if nicki is gone be in it  
@user MT@wingoz: The Baltimore Sun reporting that the Redskins have just Cundiff-ed Billy Cundiff""""" 
Officially confirmed: Tom Boonen will ride at the Olympics this Saturday 
See classic TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD tonight 7 pm @user in Bayers Lake before Go Set a Watchman release Tues. 
C'mon @user Some signage? Some way finding signs? Anything? How about tell Google where your various bldgs are? 
I really have to find my dress for Saturday. I may have to go with Plan B dress, which is fine too. 
Use the BBC calculator to see what Care costs you may face you 
@user uncle u were talking about Yakub hanging by Indian courts the other day? Military courts..awesome!! 
I sat through this whole movie just for Harry and Ron at christmas. ohlawd 
RIP Frank Gifford. Monday Night Football has never been the same without you. #Turnoutthelightsthepartysover 
Hey Trumpkins: Remember that time when the 1st major political figure to recognize AND speak at a rally for Tparty was RICK PERRY in Austin? 
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID BlueJays: .BlueJays and Red Sox remain tied through 3 innings. On to the 4th. 
New post: Jessica Biel at the 2012 ESPY Awards in Los Angeles on July 11 2012 
Friday After Next just came on VH1 I’m boutta be chilling.! 
anyssa just said that when the boys started singing c'mon c'mon at WWA all she thought about was me 
@user will rescue Hillary's campaign? Today in this America it's very possible.... 
Wish I could be at the Zac Brown Band concert tonight but my boss wouldn't give me the day off tomorrow! Labor day means work day at Walmart 
"Dang, I want some Crawfish right now. #May 
People are blaming John Gibbons for letting DAVID PRICE go out for the 8th inning????? 
Paul McCartney continues his tour with our LED Video Screens in Chicago tomorrow night #LED #Video #Screens #Tour 
Democratic leaders see this video report & the CoNi report & find out the truth on 7th Feb in Maldives 
All this is just banter. Wait and see when Real Madrid announce the transfer at noon tomorrow. 
Boonie Bush Safari Outdoor Fishing Hiking Hunting Boating Snap Brim Hat Sun Cap with Neck Flap (Digi - $12.9 
Pakistan through to the Semi-Finals at India’s expense and will be facing West Indies on Friday! #WT20 
Ambassador: Azerbaijan may join the Islamic Coalition: The country has received an offer from Saudi Arabia. /articles/politics/103758 
Game 3 of San Beda vs Letran will be on Thursday at the Smart Araneta Coliseum. 
LVE | Messi playing his 16th game against Getafe. So far, he has been directly involved in 21 goals (13 scored, 8 assisted) 
"Church notes: A live Internet chat entitled """"Is more money the answer?"""" will take place Tuesday from 2 to 3 pm o... 
@user got a photoshoot day on this sat at NLC. Just mention cos you’d asked abt piccies other wk. Let me know if you want a slot booked. D 
Please may someone get me Snow White and the Huntsman when it comes out on Monday? 
@user @user @user can you ask Seth Rollins to have an open challenge on Monday night raw for the 3 weeks until John cena retur 
@user If Harry or Louis planned on coming out that plan changed. Briana may have been part of the new strategy-Louis is straight+ 
MRAs must stand in the court wearing anti-male legislation flags when Rahul Gandhi enters court room on Dec 19.... 
"Time to man up, @user -- we the people want to hear from Carly Fiorina. Don't kowtow to CNN. If it's broke, fix it 
Funny how the Red Sox turned into a juggernaut as soon as they sat Hanley's punk-ass down. 
"Hmm.. Sby deh. RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 August" 
@user well I want the draft to be on Saturday do u have a yahoo account 
@user Actually u may be right I am Joe Beggs grandson Who was the founder of the IRA and I was born april20 same B day as hitler hum 
Reminder: Country Fest shows (Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean) tonight and tomorrow. Expect heavy traffic in South Walpole and Rte. 1 areas. 
what she gonna buy with $200? 1/4th of an ipad  
"Another Day, another chance to say, ""Free Gucci....he free now? Nah? Aiigh. See you same time same place tomorrow to try again bro.""" 
Clocking that marshal in the head with his opening tee shot clearly rattled Harris English. Took him 2 holes to drop from 4th to T26. 
Mayo clinic bound on Sunday with Briana.  Focused on getting my baby healthy!! Nothing else matters right now.  #nomoretearsin2015 
ChadMMurray one of your infamous Lucas Scott quotes is going to be tattooed on me on Sunday. A small 
Jerm &amp; Curtis record a scene from the women's march for Zuma for City Press. 
The third generation of the Moto G is here! Two models available - starting at $180: 
@user @user @user although in the future she may join david bowie and live in new york you never know. 
Yoga club's first session is tomorrow from 4-4:50 in the media center. Don't forget to bring your mat! 
I've a livestream on Google+ this Saturday, if you're interested,  Tweet below. 
Scott Walker touts $4.7 billion in tax cuts. Is he right? 
I may even stroll to something besides Rosa at Jouvert! But only cause it's dark... lol THIS SATURDAY! Tickets $25 ! 
After a delay late in the 2nd half team Kane trails team stamkos 14-15 
@user even sxsw last yr he was there the 1st 2 days and went to Dallas the day stump was there 
"3rd time watching twilight movies, still have the same feeling as the first time I watched it." 
"22 July 2015  Paul McCartney was in the audience during the U2 concert Madison Square Garden, New York   *John" 
2nd time having ronaldo and Messi .... Plus a cheeky hazard on the bench !! @user @user @user 
"4th of July Mayhem , The Bikini Tops Edition Going Down July 4th @ Club Crucial ! #Breadhead bouta turn it upp ! @user 
@user remember when you said he should win rookie of the year over Kris Bryant? 
My Gucci flip-flops will make their debut on September 19. 
@user if I had a chance to be in Sharknado 3 I may have actually followed the rules for entry 
If I have an extra ticket to see Justin Bieber in July...who's coming with? 
Ladies if your in Las Vegas come to the Splash Dance party with me tomorrow night at @user your bikini it's about to get wet 
@user By becoming the 1st Briton to win the Maillot Jaune and the KoM the same year? Say, Chris Froome for instance." 
WR Brandon Marshall said Tuesday that many players in the NFL believe race played a role in Tom Brady's 4  game suspension being lifted. 
"CJI MAY hear Yakub's latest petition at 2.Way to go PB!Wtvr else you might say,he's one of the BEST PIL lawyers in the country.Return to AAP" 
Milan to beat Sampdoria on Thursday 6-0 then everyone act like we are fixed just to draw against Frosinnone to head back to crisis mode. 
Someone come visit me in Lubbock and see Jason Aldean on the 25th lol 
@user the sun released fake articles that the boys are breaking up but then Niall and Louis confirmed they rnt 
@user @user your damn straight your guessing Derek, I may be a Naruto fanboy but I'm also the reincarnation of brad Pitt" 
Harry Kane and Barkley are the most overhyped English talents going. 2nd season syndrome for Kane for sure 
Blue Jays beating the angels 5-1 in the 6th. Let's go David price. 
#Pricewise Tom Segal will be on @user from 9:00am tomorrow morning to preview the live channel four races. #Newmarket #Horseracing 
"McIlroy the agenda for topical debate: Golf:Rory McIlroy may be on a week off, but he remains in the news and at... 
I hope Niall is fine :(( Let's just give him the space he wants and hope he'll be back on his track tomorrow. 
My Friday consists of Netflix and hot tea allllllllll day long. 
"Tomorrow morning, ducks will be falling from the sky @user 
@user And here is my Mahiro from Kiryu cosplay, it's not totally finished xD I have a new shooting monday ! 
@user @user musical chuck Norris.  But you know, bury tomorrow bonking has a ring to it" 
Lame. I thought they were going to put them on a card with Rousey and house it at ATT Stadium. 
Now playing: Ice Cube `Friday` by @user - #Tunein @ - Buy it 
The damaged stores by the Great East Japan Earthquake has gathered and build shopping mole on 9 Jun in Ishinomaki Miyagi.It's called(Cont) 
@user @user it's a cut out of a newspaper. Tomorrow will be the first day for papers to come out after Eid. #FactCheck 
"Milton on Bolton Wanderers 2 v 2 Leeds United, sat nav free night.: How Milton manages to write so much about su... 
Anybody know when the 20th anniversary PS4 controller comes out? Wanna get my hands on one 
You guys, @user is going to have fried Thin Mints and Tagalog ice cream tomorrow. 
How you going to be a Cole account and put up the Kendrick verse...?  
More confusion from Francis, the First Merciful Pope 
Xbox 360 250GB Black Friday Bundle with Halo 4, Darksiders II, Tomb Raider and Batman 
@user I did, but nothing happened. I also formatted the PS4 but nothing changed. Tomorrow I'll go to the shop I bought it. Ty! :)" 
"Charlie Daniels Band, .38 Special and The Outlaws Hit the Fair, Pomona Fairplex, Fri, Sep 28 @ 7:30pm, 50% OFF, 
@user I want the Gucci trainers by tomorrow. 
"Have three tickets to Jason Aldean and kenny chesney Friday night, let me know if you're interested" 
Just think the chip inside Apple Watch is equivalent to several mainframes from the 70s era! 
Excited for the end of the 1st debate when Ryan Seacrest comes out and says, "Bobby Jindal, your Idol journey ends here" and he cries. 
Well that Flames March in Pride Parade thread is going predictably well 
im sat ib my bathroom crying over a tv character because of how beautiful she is and how Gay i am. ive reached a new low 
"Last day for supplementary nominations to Swedish GN and Champion Hurdle, mon June 4th at 12 noon (11.00 GMT) e-mail sport@galoppsport.se" 
Michael Jackson may have had Thriller, but the Fat Boys had Freddy Krueger. 
Joe Biden will meet with Jewish Leaders in Miami re IranDeal on September 3. 
"Hugh Hewitt Show: Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina Give Contrasting Interviews: On September 16th, at the Ronald... 
Walmart Wednesday! Oops, it's after Labor Day and somebody is still wearing white! 
@user Would the bar be showing Pittsburgh Steelers V New York Giants on Sunday night? 
"WBB | BYU leads the way with three preseason All-WCC selections: 7th-year senior @user junior @user and sophomore Lexi Eaton." 
: Billy Ho going all Sharknado on championship Sunday. 
Who's going to ed sheeran's concert on wednesday?? 
At the end of night only John Kasich was on top with Trump. These two may not yet be owned by #KochBrothers. Wonder? 
Scott Walker defends Ted Cruz after Boehner 'jackass' comment: They may be running against each other in the R... 
"Every time I hear the word ""hoax"" I'm reminded of Paul McCartney on the Chris Farley show  
Depending on the weather in goin to work half naked tomorrow 
@user hey Matt my buddy got me a ticket for this Sunday's game against the Vikings. Any chance you're going and we could meet? 
"Ivan Nova notched a quality start, giving up three runs in six innings, but lost to the Red Sox on Monday. #Yankees" 
Allstar game weekend in Texas for the 21st bday.....oh yea 
The Twins knew they had no shot against David Price when they struck out the 1st 2 times of the game. Hard to hit his changeup when it's on. 
twilight may be a really shitty movie franchise but the soundtracks are so good 
"there's a frog here idk why and I was like kill it ew and my ancle said ""you should kiss it, it may turn into justin bieber"" I'm so pissed" 
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker stumbled through a question Friday about whether he would meet with representatives of the Black Lives Matter 
RT @user Dantrai is leaving the H Friday house party wed for my going away party boys going to Florida y'all fwm 
"Man United expect to keep David de Gea beyond January and don't foresee Real Madrid coming back for him in January, reports the Guardian." 
Most Masters 1000 titles (27) 2nd most Grand Slam titles (24 tied with Sampras after Federer's 17) 
"Since the Droid Bionic is coming out on September 8, I really have some deciding to do between it and the supposed new iPhone." 
Iago Falque’s chance and poor old Harry Kane: Tottenham Hotspur face Norwich City tomorrow night in the Capital ... 
The Pope Wants To Make Annulling a Marriage Easier - Pope Francis on Tuesday revolutionized the procedure for Roma... 
Edmonton’s James Murdoch and Jay Sparrow take their new collaboration to Toronto’s Rivoli tonight, Dakota Tavern Sat 
#DALE: Get set to battle it out! @user is dropping the beat for a Kanye Vs. Jay-Z ride tomorrow at 630pm! Grab a bike! 
Right now Gabby you remind me of Wednesday Adams from the Adams family @user 
Literally sat through 3rd block today and talked about Kanye West w/ @user 
@user Hi, I would like to sign in with my 2nd Google+ acount, but I was told to contact you, as my 1st acount is currently in use, ? 
"*calls off work monday* cant come in, calibraska just came out @user @user 
"So George Osborne, Therera May &amp; Yvette Cooper, all of whom want to be the next PM, are teaming up to stop Boris. He's the one they all fear" 
"""""the reziduals"""" at Stevie Starlite’s Jam Night at Southside’s in Alsip TONIGHT 10PM & we’re hosting our own at Murphy’s Law this Friday!" 
"Eagles Resume Training Tomorrow: Super Eagles assistant coach, Salisu Yusuf has revealed that the team would r...  
Tests show it is easy to insert Galaxy Note 5's S Pen backwards; doing so may damage device's stylus detection mec... 
Don’t miss the FREE Sunset Blues Concert tonight from 5-7:00pm with March Fourth Marching Band in Mountain... 
#NoIranDeal DC Rally tomorrow with @user @user &amp;  Sarah Palin  Remember our Hostages #BringThemHome 
White Sox use big 10th inning for 6-3 win over Mariners: The Chicago White Sox scored two runs in the... #Chicago 
Retweeted not Jony Ive (@JonyIveParody):  If you want to know what @user will do tomorrow, tune in to Apple... 
"Serious question, anyone want to go to the Jason Aldean concert Friday at Klipsch?" 
I feel like I'm in 3rd grade again watching the VMAs.   Kanye is to Trump as Nicki is to Miley. 
Shawn will be in Norway the 17th Sweden the 18 and Las Vegas the 19 that's insane lol 
@user I have my PS4 coming as well, black ops 3 comp is going to be on PS4 so I may switch. Just depends." 
Manchester United may have slammed the door shut on David de Gea joining Real Madrid in the New Year. 
What's tomorrow?that's right the day my boys Jack and Jack release Calibraska and we're all gonna die because we're not ready 
Women in Saudi Arabia allowed to vote for the 1st time &amp; some elected to office. Victory or just for show? @user shares her thoughts 
"no pace or creativity,defenders know how to play against kane and lloris has saved us too many times, 3rd week in a row with only 1 CF #THFC" 
Currently sat listening to Mariah Carey - All i want for christmas is you, GOD HELP 
@user my last day at bobs is the 4th.. I think I’m going to Georgia in a couple weeks.. 
Starting off our Tuesday we have one from Idea.  Bee Gees with Down To Earth 
".@Carson_Smith39 enters with 1 on, 1 out and a 3-2 count after Walker has to exit. The #Mariners still lead the White Sox, 2-0, in the 7th." 
John Kasich gets the final spot at Thursday's GOP debate. @user 
Madonna has been showin her titties since th 80's &amp; ppl just laughed abt it. Janet showed 1 titty &amp; caused outraged 
I dreamt I was sitting on a couch with louis watching this show and then Briana came in and sat down and I JUST RAN AWAY SO FAST 
"Seth Rollins' statue will be one billion cubits in height, so that he may be remembered FOR ALL ETERNITY~!. #Raw @user 
British press spin the truth to claim Arsenal and Man City have made moves to sign Isco this January 
We still got the likes of Rooney, RVP, Ferdy, Valencia, Scholes, Young, Evra and Carrick fresh ready for you Gunners on Saturday. BRING IT. 
Currently August 12th and I'm still waiting for the Frank Ocean album 
Google results are localised so I may well only show up so high if you're in the UK. 
"If you could ask an onstage interview question at Miss USA tomorrow, what would it be?" 
Gay marriage at the court: 2nd Kentucky couple comes for license to wed via @user 
The Best of the Grateful Dead [3/30] Grateful Dead (2 CD, Mar-2015, 2 Discs) NEW 
So apparently I'm going to Brookie's Halloween party tomorrow.... 
When Ice Cube says Yeeeeeah in the first 5 mins of Friday when he sees the cereal is classic. 
Will Ronda Rousey, Conor McGregor fight on the same card in December? via @user 
.@LetsMovePGH Family Yoga at @user returns on September 27! Join us for a free class on the lawn: 
Cruz K's with bases loaded to end 7th -- big play for White Sox to keep game close -- and his AL-best 37-game on-base streak is in jeopardy. 
Kanye West may not have any policies set up but he still has just as many as Trump #staywoke 
Rehab update: David Wright strikes out looking to end the 8th. Mets strand go-ahead run on 3rd base. 5-5 going to the 9th. #Mets 
"Randal Grichuk hits his 15th home run of the season, joining Joc Pederson, Kris Bryant and Steven Souza, Jr., as rookies with 15+ HR." 
Floyd Mayweather is fight on September for free....? No wonder he picks Berto! 
"Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it via @user 
The 10th Amendment and  Gay Marriage: A Defense of the Bill of Rights and Individual Liberty 
@user I had made a purchase of Moto G 3rd Gen and was eligible for Moto360 @ Re 1 &amp; 100% cashback.Where can I check the list of winners? 
If Cundiff would’ve made the Field Goal Sunday, I could’ve been eatin’ a free 6in sub at Subway for lunch! 
@user @user Tomorrow will be a year since we waited out in the sun for hours to see Ed Sheeran at jimmy kimmel 
Nirvana - All Apologies   #RadioBaro  In the sun... 
*side note* We went during the week of Independence Day (July 4th for y'all who don't know the actual holiday name smh) 
@user I can see that fam... Have you heard Kendrick lamar Black Friday? 
Watching this Drew Peterson movie on lifetime just to spark conversation in Miss Mapes class tomorrow @user @user 
FCA tomorrow!  What does a butterfly, a circus and you have in common? 
@user Alls I know, the one who paved the way for this nuclear deal-God help us if he's Iran's 12th IMAM / the Christian's AntiChrist." 
Plans for the weekend: Movies, watch Tennessee dominate Saturday ( I hope ) and go to church #solid 
Armin Van Buuren back to the 1st place on top 100 DJ Mag ! 
The Graduate @user and Janee no wait Renee or Danee or was it Shanee no it may be Lanee *shrugs* 
Tomorrow's Eid holiday in Pakistan is wholly unnecessary -- today is the third day of Eid and should have been enough 
The sound of Sunday with Michael Jackson - Blood On The Dancefloor #webradio #internetradio 
I got the job at Claytons!(: I start Monday doing Sheetrock(: #MoneyMakin 
Here is your Tuesday class line up: Gentle Yoga with Elle at 9:30am Little Trees Yoga with Kathleen at 5:00pm... 
Catch SuperSport United vs Bidvest Wits at the Lucas Moripe Stadium at 15H30 on Saturday LIVE on SS4.  See you there... 
@user buys and will make it easier for Kane to get goals not Top 4 contenders for me but 6th 
Brock Lesnar's next WWE appearance will be on October 3 at the MSG live event. Opponent TBC. 
@user @user haven't read it but I can send it your way in the morning. Also, have IRA texts for you on Monday" 
@user Nicki's role may be essential, but it is not a role to defend publicly. Do you get what I mean?" 
the only thing that i am afraid of if bernie sanders is president he may die in office 
Ricky Ponting has passed 23,000 First Class runs - the 12th Australian to do so! 
Sprint takes control of Clearwire; now owns 51% stake, may buy it outright 
I have surgery inside my face tomorrow, so stockpiling good feelings by going to the cinema with @user to see Magic Mike XXL.   A+ 
Where have you been since 5th grade? - Sandra to Maite 
And apparently it’s also National Bieber Day (young Justin’s 18th birthday) as well as St David’s Day and #worldbookday 
Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean concert tonight and leave for Mammoth tomorrow...one could say I'm spoiled with greatness rn 
Swihart singles up the middle to score Ortiz from 1st as Red Sox go ahead 1-0 in the 4th. Asher still in trouble with two on and one out. 
only going to school tomorrow because nicki told me to... 
All I can think about is getting Dunkin doughnuts tomorrow morning before leaving for western #fatlife 
Mick Jagger with the Monday Night Football song #swagswagswag 
statements to the United States of Monsanto) A US citizen of Israel, acceptance of censorship. Too bad that Hagel won't admit it. 13 October 
Just been watching Irish golf amateur Paul Dunne finish as joint leader going into tomorrow's final round. Well... 
@user im in ireland at the mo bro, got your text, im back tuesday, meet wed maybe?" 
"If Christians would be honest, we would admit that the Jesus of the NT makes us very uncomfortable. But may we follow this Jesus anyway!" 
"Soccer-Lazio end winless run, Milan oust Sampdoria: (Adds quotes) ROME, Dec 17 (Reuters) - Lazio eased the... #RT" 
Which of you Aussie Directioners are counting down to hear the new album on Novemeber 19th? 
"As sure as the sun coming up everyday, Dustin Johnson implodes at a Sunday major #PGAChampionship" 
Oscars 1st time at Nursery tomorrow, they can wear fancy dress being Halloween ,damn it had not planned for that. #Mommyonamission 
will testdrive the new Nokia N9 phone with our newest app starting on Thursday :-) 
"Shinji Kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on Tuesday, to support children in areas hit by the Japan Earthquake 
"The White Sox are now 11-3 in extras this season, and they've got a chance to make it a winning road trip tomorrow." 
Damn - Shawn was right. I may have to concede the win on that alone even if my numbers end up a bit better 
May start watching the walking dead in the absence of Game of Thrones 
just gonna blare john cena theme music tomorrow after school 
@user Yes, when they won third in the X Factor. And yep. Their album comes out on September 11th." 
"Oh My God what if they unveil that and it's Kane. This may happen people. (I realize the statue's already been seen, but I know how WWE is)" 
"7th Trojans ""Black"" team getting it done at Milan up 36-0 in the 3rd qtr." 
@user @user Toxic deserve 16th place and a season of turmoil in the boardroom plus Kane's struggles on the pitch #happydays 
@user Love the notion, just note this was from the Charlie Hebdo attack in January not today's escapade." 
Don’t forget, I’ll be at Volare tonight and tomorrow for my birthday. Instead of gifts, please donate a food item... 
"sat with the girls watching youngfreesinglelive &amp; getting told similar i am to laura, then she goes on a date with a bloody GAY.. she is me." 
@user hey you see Karma is something, you see if everything go right Shelli would be Leaving the Big Brother house on Thursday..#bb17" 
"An update from @user an athlete from Basildon we sponsor. On Sat Gemma attended the London Grand Prix - 
Joe Biden or Donald Trump may be the next president of the United States. Just think about that for a little bit 
"RT @user RT @user Rumors say it is """"Tangled"""" and it may replace Beauty and the Beast at Studios and Aladdin at DCA. Just a rumor for  ..." 
#NFL kicks off this Thursday!  Tom Brady is going to destroy Pitt! I feel bad for anyone getting in Bradys way right now as he is pissed 
@user Devil’s in the house of the rising sun. Chicken’s in the bread pan picking out dough, granny does your dog bite, ""no child, no""" 
In other news... They’re announcing the Houston Rodeo lineup on the 30th. 
@user kane is a better then rooney with back to goal. rooney better sat just off 
"Sat night with textbooks, wine and Naruto. Oh it's lit" 
I want Jenelle to come over tomorrow. I need someone to watch netflix and eat mac & cheese with.. 
@user Rousey will just take her down and submit her. She may have to take a few punches to achieve this. 
@user  Oh.14 days is there?   Thanks for the information. Any way this is the 2nd mercy petition. This has no value.  Yakub has to hang 
@user is there a chance of the Chelsea game will change dates to the Friday?  Just that Chelsea haven't received there tickers yet? 
"If like me you sat through Ant-Man wondering which bits were Edgar's ideas, the Empire spoiler podcast goes into it  
"#Colts Reggie Wayne should have a big #PPR #fantasyfootball game versus #Titans, allowed 3rd most catches with 186. 
Met this girl on Valentine day, fucked her in may, she found out about April so she choose to march 
"Right, I'll see you Thursday! I'm sorry I didn't get to meet you, sir!" - Kurt Cobain 1967-1993 
@user Can't say I was overly comfy with it in the mall first Fri afternoon in Eid. So many men. No women. Tried to shrink bust inwards. 
Everybody is finally starting to watch naruto where the fuck you guys been. I have been watching it every Thursday since 9th grade. #rookies 
Melky cancels the postgame show with a ground rule double to right. 1st White Sox hit and baserunner. 2 outs for Avi. 
This is Buffon’s 122nd cap for Italy, now just 4 behind Maldini in 2nd and 14 behind the leader, Cannavaro. #Legend 
EXO-M Upcoming Schedule: EXO-M will be going to Nanjing tomorrow because they’re going to attend ’Yangtze River... 
Dive deep into the worlds of Stefan Struve and Stipe Miocic leading to their Fuel TV main event this Saturday. 
@user @user  If Congree rule at this time, Yakub may be on street with the help of 40 Ami Chando." 
"Dustin Johnson won't be able to ground his club in the same bunker on the 18th hole, even if he wanted to. READ: 
anyone has a solo dm with Zayn bc i dont have one yet since march :( ugh pleaseee :--( just one solo dm... ill give u 1 liam solo dm :) 
"We've got some stories about that. Coach Stoops has a history of being #TooTurnt Swindle told him Sat. """"You got too much juice.""""" 
@user Maria when are you going to sleep? Coz I may go get my glasses right after school -_- But we’ll Talk w ana bl 6aree2 ! :D 
i want frank ocean's head on my doorstep by the time the sun is up......make it happen 
Kim Kardashian makes post-baby debut in live stream chat: On Thursday evening the 35-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star ga... 
"Think Dustin Johnson needs to take some advice of Zach this weekend, maybe some divine intervention is what he needs on a Sunday #USPGA" 
Why is everyone copin out on friday lolla like give me a ticket ill go see paul McCartney shittt fuck is wrong with yall. 
Back in the Air Chair tomorrow as Hot Jam Media's HOT JAM with Suzanne returns from 11am-1pm with a tweak! The... 
"[Tigernet] Wednesday football practice videos:  Videos from Clemson's fifth practice of the preseason, ... #Clemson" 
Sat at Dunkin until almost 1am just talking to @user and checking out hot police officers. #FriendshipGoals 
My dad tomorrow morning: did you meet Shawn?  Me: no  Dad: *hangs up* 
David Beckham Receives Legend of Football Award: At the charitable HMV Football Extravaganza event, on Tuesday... 
My two west stand lower season tickets for the Albion are available tomorrow night versus Leeds. Let me know if... 
Stephen Keshi: 'We will make Nigeria proud' Super Eagles coach says: Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh insists ... 
"see you tonight #Echelonfamily,time to drive back to Milan!" 
Red Sox crumbling in the 10th and the Yanks lost too go jays goooooo 
@user you also employ Todd Bertuzzi like c’mon man 
Yankees vs. White Sox Saturday September 26. Seats in section 226 right behind the White Sox dugout!  Labor Day... 
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Sunday said it is time for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to tone down his... 
Lexus may change how it sells cars because it finds millennials hate to haggle (Business) #newzealand #nznews 
Looks like Harper left in the 7th two days ago.  #Nats  #Splatitude #FireMattWilliams 
Jarrod Dyson hits a solo homer off Erik Johnson to cut the White Sox lead to 6-2 in the 6th. 2 of 3 Royals hits off Johnson are solo homers. 
Supposedly this is Niall and liam doing a tease of the 5th album 
"Band on the Run [LP] by Paul McCartney (Vinyl, Oct-2008, Capitol Records USA) 
[BBC-Africa] Somalia announce Cecafa Cup plans: Somalia will arrive in Uganda on 8 November to give the team tim... 
Jason Vernau Live @user March 16 th 2012 Miami WMC Pool Party with Robbie Rivera & Friends by @user 
john cena may be injured so it may mean that seth rollins will not be defending his united states championship at night of champions 
"With Frank Gifford's passing, Keith Jackson is the lone survivor of the original Monday Night Football telecasters 
I think playing Dark Souls has literally removed any calmness I may have had about dying in video games. 
Ryan Braun leadoff triple to start the 9th. Casual. @user 
Kris Bryant homered in the bottom of the 9th.  Cubs beat Indians 2-1. Get to six of the #STLCards 
"Its official: John Kasich is running for president, becoming the 16th major candidate seeking the GOPs 2016 nomination" 
"GALLERY: Bellusci was our goalscorer on Saturday, here is a photo gallery from the game (cont) 
"Still have two tickets to Summers End for Sunday with Kanye West, Chance the Rapper, etc. if anybody wants to buy them." 
@user will Tenaction broadcast Spanish super cup Real Madrid vs Barcelon on the 14th and 17th of august ? 
@user psg could be the 2nd best team in the world behind Barcelona but they always get Barca lol, so we would never know 
Many gays come out twice. 1st as gay. 2nd as a Katy Perry fan. Many cowards remain in the Katy closet. Congratulations @user 
I want Notre Dame to go to the National Championship but i want OU to win this saturday 
I think Ryan Reynolds’ 1st action role was in Green Lantern...it shows in Safe House, he isnt used to it 
@user Lol speak of the devil did you hear about RIM? They apparently bumped Nokia put of 5th place :o 
Duelo makes me want to go and hit up Rodeo every Saturday #HoustonTx 
@user July 14th, at KL Live. jom jom pergi fatboy slim. so far just me n sophia" 
Listening to Drake's Jungle by myself 25 year old single male Friday night going to watch Seinfeld 
After the Blood Moon comes the Pumpkin Sun 
The same DJ every week doing mr brightside followed by Chelsea dagger followed by when the sun goes down doesn't do it for me anymore. 
@user are you and jack gonna come see shawn tomorrow ?! 
Channing tatum will be in white oak tomorrow...for all you stalkers out there 
Austin wore his YOLO shirt for the 15th time in a month. 
RT @user We'll be tweeting live Summerslam updates next Sunday on-location at Staples Center for the 3rd straight year! Please sp ... 
@user That tweet is from the Charlie Hebdo attack in January, not this one." 
What did you think of Nasser's story this Sunday? Were you challenged in your thoughts about Muslims and how God... 
YouTube Gaming Launches Tomorrow with iOS and Android Apps to Go Head-to-Head with Twitch #ios #game 
Finally sat down and got going on my homework and Mary asks if we wanna watch Harry Potter. It's like she wants me to flunk out of school. 
"Religious freedom, purposely protected by 1st A., is now trampled by the SCOTUS decision on gay marriage.#ImWithKim 
@user @user Asiata may have a tough time against Det run D but I'd still lean him if I was playing it safe. 
@user @user @user I think he may have voted against or abstained on gay rights actually So they'd paint him as a hypocrit 
Perfect date week would be watching all the Harry Potter movies. Obviously the last night would be pt 1&amp;2 of 7th movie. 
Saudi Arabia says it will host Syria opposition meet on Tuesday via @user 
@user remind the media that we may not have journalist killed but this administration doesn't mind leaving them jailed in Iran 
So, I just sat through UNITED 93. I’m not sure about how I feel about much of what I saw. I’ll need some time to process. 
@user maybe he will let us go 3rd period to get it fixed. Or Kane's class 
"A quote from 23 Yrs. ago today -- ""Republicans understand the importance of bondage between parent & child.""......man, I miss Dan Quayle." 
Let me blow your mind. The original writer of Friday Night Lights is the same author who wrote the Caitlyn Jenner cover story for VanityFair 
"David Price, the Anti-Kessel. My column: -Steve Simmons 
"""""3 by"""" on the roof at SJP... Face Off Clinic back on for 12 PM - 1 PM at Cabrini this Sunday 
Im trying out for the NFL Combine when I get out of college #youcanbelievethat 
Bobby Jindal clashes with Republican rival over health care: Washington, Aug 19 : All the 17 Republican presid... 
We have the new Batman trilogy on Blu Ray. At start of week Pete declared we're going to order pizza &amp; watch them back to back on Saturday. 
Harper may be right, it's pretty empty in Nationals park tonight. #Nats  #Mets 
watching a year with armin van buuren for the 4th time 
"RT @user RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tues 16 ..." 
"Still going on vaca...: Still going on vaca...(Third column, 7th story, link)Related stories:OBAMA CONSIDERS BEC... 
Just starting to watch Sharknado 4 the 1st time. Craptacular already. Cc @user @user 
"Anyone who wants to to come to the Sharknado party (starts at 4, 3rd one starts at 8) please bring $5 to help buy food, if you plan to eat" 
I’m going to the Texans game Sunday! 
@user lmao Saturday when I went out with my bf I got so drunk the bouncer asked me who's president and I said Kanye west asffsgw 
@user Carerra wasn't playing on the wing. I watched the game. He sat in the middle of the zone and took it to Curtis. 
"Salat(prayer),2nd pillar of Islam,is mentioned 700x in the Quran.Zakat (charity),3rd pillar, mentioned over 150x... 
After an emotional battle, Serena beats Venus in the sisters' 14th Grand Slam matchup, 6-2, 1-6, 6-3. -Via @user  @user 
Cupid and Psyche isn’t an original Greek myth. It was a story in The Golden Ass by Apuleius and often cited as the 1st Fairy Tale. 
"Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to win Ed Sheeran concert tickets, so come to Center Court on Saturday from 11:30-1:30... 
@user just so you know, Sam Smith already recorded the song for Spectre in January." 
Why am I watching Sharknado 3 for the 3rd time this weekend? 
EU may bring back border controls, Angela Merkel suggests &lt; Admittance that she's been wrong all along? Hope so... 
Manchester United will try to return to winning ways when they face Arsenal in the Premier League at Old Trafford on Saturday. 
Randy Orton Appears After Monday's RAW Goes Off the Air   #News #WWE 
@user we'll see you on 2 May in Milan 
George Strait’s upcoming final world tour has him headlining the Houston Rodeo on March 17,2013. Guess I know... 
You’ve seen the Honey Badger video: Now get the pizza: sun-dried to... [pic]: #foursquare 
@user @user I think that Heath needs to put down the crack pipe! It's like saying ""Cowboys 3rd best in East without Murray.""" 
Why does someone make the effort to produce a 3rd movie of Sharknado anyways lmao 
Thinking about going to Henryville tomorrow it’s been7 months since the Tornado destroyed it. It’s my home town I will take pictures 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh disclosed that the Super Eagles' goalless draw against Tanzania in Dar es... 
News Alarm: Josh Hamilton (LF - Tex) Josh Hamilton went 1-for-3 with a solo home run and two total RBI during Fri... 
Grand Bend patio drinking while the sun goes down. 
@user like what else can they offer honestly? I may just get another iPhone because I'm used to the OS 
Zayn, will you really take me there? Wherever that may be. 
I'll changed my u/n tomorrow and delete all the twts here. Will make this account for Kpop but more on Bts-Exo-7teen pics. :) or watsoever. 
Watching the brilliant rick stein making paella on Saturday kitchen live.... 
Saudi Arabia to reveal 2016 budget on Monday: A senior official of state oil giant Saudi Aramco and the minist... 
"Yoga For Runners Sept 19. Improve strength, flexibility &amp; focus to make it to the finish line. 
I have 2 Zac Brown Band tix for their concert tomorrow @ citizens bank $120 for both tickets!! Lmk if you're interested 
And David Wright will bat in a major league game for the 1st time since April 14th! 
All you need to know about the ref for Sunday’s game, Martin Atkinson: Sunderland v Newcastle #NUFC #SAFC 
@user Can I please have a follow, I need someone to obsess with over AHS by Wednesday" 
Can only mean one thing: he is joining Barca - probably in January. 
David Cameron | Cut from the same cloth as Tony Blair &amp; styled by Thatcherism #refugeecrisis 
When Frank Ocean said he was gonna release his new album in July &amp; it's already August 14th &amp; still nothing. 
AC Milan reportedly want Miralem Pjanic to join the San Siro in January (Source: Corriere dello Sport)  #transfertalk 
"Royals had runners at 1st and 3rd with no outs, but Jose Quintana and White Sox escape the inning without giving up a run. 0-0, top of 3." 
"Today UCF will be having their 1st football game. If you want to come, meet by dunkin donuts @user in towers plaza. Bring your IDs!" 
"Big Brother Season 17, Episode 30 Recap: For the few of you who visited the site on Thursday looking for... #BB17" 
Watched the 2nd part of Crossfire Hurricane last night. That means some Goats Head Soup for @user in the car this morning! 
Crazy how sports economics have changed. Larry Bird’s rookie deal was 5 yrs, $3.25 M total. 6th pick Damian Lillard will make $3 M this YR. 
#NewTopic Brewers vs. Padres: Monday game report: Ryan Braun collected his 287th double in the first ... #Brewers 
#callmatterface I want to talk about how desperate Luca Modric is to leave Spurs he ransacked Tottenham last night. 
"Tom Brady says he's looking forward to running out on the field Thursday, focus on being quarterback, and put #DeflateGate behind him. #WBZ" 
@user Ric Flair on the 20th anniversary of #Raw 
.@RealBenCarson tells NH crowd a 3rd grader could have done better when it comes to the Iran nuclear deal @user #fitn #nhpolitics 
"C'mon, of course they would ... - Conor McGregor says he'd beat Floyd Mayweather -- and Ronda Rousey would too 
I'm still waiting every single day for that new Frank Ocean record like its been July 31st 11:55pm for me for 12 days. 
ICYMI - this is the FULL video of Tony Blair at HoC Foreign Affairs Cttee Friday 11 December 2015. Over one hour. 
@user guess who’s going to your December 3rd concert at MSG! #ThisGirl 
@user At the bottom left, just west off the picture is the Fullerton Hotel where SNSD stayed in Dec 11." 
Planned Parenthood fight and the Fed: The Fed may want to get ahead of policy risks and increase interest rate... 
gunna snow. WC says Winter Storm Watch till 5pm tomorrow .. it was 80*F yesterday 
"Local teams of C&amp;W, Irrigation &amp; PHE are in #Chitral from Eid's 1st day &amp; have carried out the damage assessment #KPKUpdates" 
"Tune-in for the 2015 MISS USA Pageant on ReelzChannel on Sunday, July 12 at 8p ET/5p PT. Contestants from all 50... 
Just noticed Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant’s Life’s Too Short started airing on BBC Entertainment. Check it out on Sunday, 20:30. 
"On this day in WWE History - July 27, 2003 (Vengeance)   Kurt Angle defeated Brock Lesnar (c) And Big Show in a... 
@user Bring Italy movie called ’TOMORROW’ back on SBS, about 1997 earthquake film. 
QB Christian Ponder was taken with the 12th pick in the #2011Draft. Picked before QB's Andy Dalton &amp; Colin Kaepernick 
@user See this? @user should be the next manager of in Colorado or Toronto.He joins @user on the@JimRome show tomorrow 
"LATEST: Is Bigger Better? A Look at Samsung's Galaxy Note II: BY Steve Kovach | FROM Business Insider| October 28, 2012| ... If you r..." 
I may or may not successfully execute watching Gilmore Girls all day on Netflix. I may run out of episodes before I do time. 
"Ramblings were late today,I was falling asleep at the keyboard last night. Kane,Kessel,Philly D, Sens G -  
@user Daylight Savings ends Saturday, so that's where the extra hour is coming from. Follow @user for more details. #Toonami" 
@user @user ahhh girls if I was not going to Dubai on Wed I would take u ladies !! Hope u can come visit me in land of sand x 
Girl thought she was sharing cool pics of dad + Kurt Cobain. Turns out they're pics of Nirvana's 1st show ever. RAD. 
Joe Biden on 2016 bid: Not sure I have 'emotional energy to run': Joseph R. Biden said Thursday night he would... 
"Hi Karly Briana : nalumfe, D0 u want to get FREE iPh0ne 6? Please kindly check my bi0. Thx 
wanna watch annabelle tomorrow but who the hell wants to hang out with me lol k 
@user NBA league pass is free till the 6th 
@user also, did you know March 14 is Pi Day? Get it 3/14 & 3.14?" 
"""""Taylor Swift waved at a boy yesterday and he didn’t wave back... So she will have a new album out tomorrow"""" ACCURATE LMFAO" 
@user babe give me the link to THSK official site where I can see their may schedule 
Searching for marriage in the 14th Amendment; how SCOTUS usurp powers that it does not have under the Constitution. 
Join Team PML(N) representative to support PMLN vs PTI kids at Front Line with Kamran Shahid Recording tomorrow... 
Just scored Tom Brady at the bottom of the 7th round. @user 
@user im just a 19 year old still on loan for the 3rd time at coventry 79 overall hopefully when i return bale will still be ther 
@user is going to be arriving at the @user tomorrow for the #UWEFreshers. Come and try Yoga for FREE! 
'Boruto: Naruto The Movie' slated for October 10 release in the US - Christian Post 
"Anderson is up 2 sets, but Murray is up a break in the 3rd set. It feels even-steven right now." 
"[John Kasich's] tone of surrender may not have fazed the biased Buckeye audience, but it certainly bothered the GOP base. ~@tperkins" 
@user Bitch I'm Nicki you Iggy, I'm Romans Revenge you Black Friday, I'm Nickis Flawless you Lil Kim's Flawless, I'm Tink you Chanel West" 
Maybe John Cena will win the two titles at raw tomorrow? 
"Jose Mourinho: """"...so I think tomorrow the match will not be far from those characteristics"""" 2/2 #HalaMadrid" 
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump spent plenty of time Thursday describing people he likes -- including Kanye West and Tom 
@user you are right to identify a variety of intentions. A variety of intentions may still be fully compatible for Christians. 
@user r u going to digi tomorrow 
@user @user is it true Lisa went out somewhere sat and waited for Seth Rollins? 
Hanging at DIA waiting for my #delayed flight to Los Angeles. I’m sure the delay has something to do with #Sandy. USC-Oregon game Saturday! 
I have a Jason Aldean ticket for Friday if anyone wants it! 
Anyone want to take a ride with me to Atlantic City tomorrow? 
@user and yet no word on this case? So only freedom of Christians that think exactly like you? 
@user slide thru sometime this weekend ill have somethin yu can sip on lol gotta make a ABC run tomorrow anyway 
And the new Bentley truck is officially coming out  
@user Hi Jamie. The only Twilight date left is January 1st. If you wish to visit on another day, you will need to buy a day ticket." 
Guy sat opposite me on the train is the spit of Dave Grohl 
I am sad to learn of the death of Frank Gifford. You made Monday Night Football what it is today. Giants nation mourns ur loss. God Bless. 
Email from Netflix: here is a film you may like... SHARKNADO - obvs don't follow me on twitter. No ta. 
"Zain Javadd ""Zayn"" Malik (born 12 January 1993) is an English singer&amp;songwriter &amp; former member of the boyband One Di 
Monday night Raw tonight and rumor has it that one thing will occur. 1. (Obviously) Brock Lesnar will return tonight with Paul Heyman 
The next Baby Boom is going to be in September-October 2013 because all these couples think that the world is gonna end Friday... 
"A respected American Muslim scholar of law weighs in: Obergefell, Marriage Equality and Islam in the West 
T-G News: Normandy post office saved: The U.S. Postal Service announced a plan Wednesday that will keep the Norm... 
Given up on work for the night, really CBA! Know I’ll be able to concenttrate better tomorrow anyway. Plus I’d rather talk to @user now! 
3) But, @user , Constantine ordered the Sabbath to be changed from Saturday to Sunday! Google "Constantine 321 A.D." 
@user @user no. But then neither of them were believed by everybody under the sun to be the head of the IRA as well 
Friday #corn day?  Will we make a run higher today or go quietly into the weekend?  Short term bulls fighting long term bears... 
Videos of our rehearsals, videos of our performance at Disneyland at end of Dec, videos of us at the actual Rose Parade on New Years Day... 
Australian Directioners! Up All Night Tour DVD will be posted tomorrow, you guys should be getting them some time on Friday or so. 
"Top tip: Those ""Not Afraid"" rally pictures are from January with Charlie Hebdo." 
@user Beohner ""got 98% of what he wanted.""  Fact: Dow down 634 today and Boehner OWNS every point. #p2 #fok #maddow #teaparty" 
My Apple Watch just told me to stand up.... but I haven't even sat down yet... 
@user offering refuge to Muslims in nothing wrong, but don't allow mosques, Friday prayers r the problem they get instigated." 
Fire the turn Sylvia c'mon #kingturnezbet 
I’m going to North Mississippi Allstars at Neighborhood Theatre in Charlotte, NC - Sep 21 
@user Free agent WR Jerricho Cotchery, formerly of the Jets, traveling to Baltimore tonite to begin visit with Ravens. #whytho" 
Might bring a pack of tissues for the Ed Sheeran concert next Tuesday .. 
"Ich habe ein @user positiv bewertet: Sting saves Randy Orton from the Authority: WWE Raw, March 16," 
@user In Greenville? Dang boy! If you still in Greenville tomorrow, you better stop by and see me! 
Un-ironically listening to Janet Jackson might just be nailing Saturday night #someonetocallmylover 
"Day 7th: Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Poland, Thailand, Hungary. More $$$ for you today if you have traffic from there! 
"for all friends watching Sharknado tonight pls tag ur spoilers, I won't be watching till tomorrow thx" 
@user Do you think David Wright will play on Monday? In the starting lineup? 
Remember when we brought Murphy in to pitch and Kris Bryant hit the ball over E 9th? 
Sang One Garth....  Well it's bulls and blood It's dust and mud It's the roar of a Sunday crowd It's the white in... 
@user May be but now it seems inevitable. Looks like pay back time  for Yakub! 
"Late surge carries UNC past Shaw: Six minutes into the second half at the Smith Center on Friday night, North... 
Imaaa make moves tomorrow ! 
:SETH ROLLINS MEET AND GREET TICKET FOR SALE August 22nd 3PM Barclays Center.... I can't go and will let the ticket go for retail $154.00 
I'm not just saying this as a larrie but there is no way that briana is having louis' baby. she may be pregnant but the baby isn't louis. 
Live review: Of Montreal, Neighborhood Theatre, 6/12/2012: On Tuesday night at Neighborhood Theatre, the crowd... 
you don't even have to be in med school to know nhs wages they're not a big secret you can straight up google that shit like c'mon 
a place in the sun. Presenter: orange and lemon trees too Person:that’s our breakfast! What the?Who has oranges and lemons for breakfast? 
i was gonna spend this time reading the article I was assigned for class tomorrow but it's been 40 minutes n i'm still screaming about nicki 
"Finishing up the FEC pprwrk for 3rd quarter. Tonite MCDCC n Kingman w guest speaker @user Fri BHC forum, Sat. Tucson Pride Day speech" 
I may be the only person in Pottstown right now? 
"#SuperCarNews : Alonso enigmatic as Ferrari struggle again: In Sunday's race, he had a clear view of the speed... 
Radio Free Ted (my car iPod) plays the Moody Blues.   I tell it that no, it's Tuesday 11 am.  Afternoon is in another hour. 
I'm going to count how many flannels tied around the waist and nirvana shirts at 5sos tomorrow 
Exhibit B  (Blind Melon performing Change on the day Kurt Cobain's body was discovered April 8 1994)   @user 
@user there's going to be a 4th according to the end of 3. I think it should be ""Sharknado 4: Seriously? WTF?""" 
@user @user undocked. May try sending a signal again. Worked fine for months. Black helicopters mucking it up? Obama. 
I may or may not have put a song from the Game of Thrones soundtrack on the playlist for the yoga class I'm teaching tonight. 
#news Is Turkey's Erdogan right to think he'll win November's snap election? 
sa-ANNE ka pupunta bukas? CURTIS video be the reason why you go to #SOLTURA tomorrow? Watch it to find out!!! 
Ed Sheeran on a Monday Morning. GV all the way. 
There have been ZERO cases of ebola in the whole of Nigeria for well over a month yet someone died of ebola last FRIDAY in Texas 
We'll be on the air tomorrow night at 7pm EST w/@Microphoneman3 &amp; John Rare plus our take on Hulk Hogan Studio: 213-816-1605 @user 
I hate the fact that Bentley is sleeping in that horrible place all alone again tonight :( I can't wait till she's home Tuesday! 
Honestly frank ocean said July. Is he okay? What's taking so long? 
And whaddya know?! Dustin Johnson (-8) birdies the 10th and has the outright lead at the PGA Championship. 
@user he may be considered a jabroni but at least he's also the real. Unlike like no good jabroni finishing move stealer Seth Rollins. 
"Damn, Summerslam is on at the same time as UFC Sunday. They usually fight on Saturday. WWE on the comp and UFC on the big screen I guess." 
Apple iPad Pro might be announced on September 9 event along with smart bands for Apple Watch. 
State unveiled their Snow Bowl uni’s 5 weeks ago. Tonight, some Greenville viewers heard words Mullen spoke about them from September 26th 
"It may yet prove a step too far, but notice that there will be a ""Wrestling"" promotion to simulate the Brock Lesnar journey. ;)" 
Bobby Jindal has no chance of winning the nomination.  
Sunday by Earl sweatshirt ft. Frank ocean still the GOAT 
"I know it's tough 4 us to comprehend the #refugeecrisis, but as Christians we must try. Start with watching videos 
Tomorrow will be the last day to vote! We have to vote harder if we want to take the 1st place! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
01 Oct 2014 Rock on Dandiya Nite at Sangam University Bhilwara Just Beat it - Video1 
"As for Niall and Lottie dating, 1st it's just a pic LOL, 2nd remember the boys said they will never let their sisters date the other members" 
A rep from UCLA will be at the Pilot Center tomorrow during lunch. See you there! 
#LONGHARRYIMAGINE #Imagine It’s a friday night and you find yourself watching The Notebook, AGAIN. You just (cont) 
@user for the 20th anniversary edition of PS4 you should have added 2 original controller ports with PSX backwards compatibility 
TFI Friday - not half as good as it was 'back in the day'. All seems rather self-indulgent towards Chris Evans these days (even more so!) 
Tonight, Obama was the Buffalo Sabres and Mitt was the Dallas Stars. It may not seem right to... 
’Clockwinder-who wouldn’t say no’. Launch at the Commons on Tuesday. The biog of the late David Taylor is the untold story of a virtuous MP. 
@user we trade HST tomorrow! D; and SAT! Oh and for English, do we have to get rid of all the be verbs, or the ones from last time?" 
Gucci variety her self-reliance april cultivate the bipartite yours typical inward conglomeration so that crac... 
BRIEF-Kinder Morgan shares off 3 percent after the bell: NEW YORK, Oct 11 (Reuters) - Kinder Morgan Inc :  * Sha... 
@user I guess our IHOP trip will have to be postponed...actually I don't even work Saturday so I mean we can still do it then 
my life consists of taking care of Bentley and waiting for Under the Dome every thurs. 
"Can Bernie Sanders really beat Hillary Clinton in Iowa?" Excellent summary of the Sanders campaign. 
"Though when Ice Cube said something and the whole audience laughed, I didn't know if they were laughing at the meme or the FRIDAY reference." 
"Josh Hamilton struck out swinging to end the Angels 13-7 win over the Rangers. The Angels are 1 game up on the Astros, who they play Tuesday" 
"#GetShawnToYourCountry #GetShawnToMexico ending the 10th day of our, all ready known mission ""get Shawn here"". Tomorrow I will keep trying." 
"Tom Brady has started 13 straight opening games, tied for 4th-longest streak by QB. It looks as if it will continue. 
If you can't make it into town tomorrow why not come and see us at White House farm farmers market in sprowston 9.30-1. 
Big Brother will be on CBS' sister stations tomorrow because of football. I'll make a list of all the changes. #BB17 
Spend your Halloween night with US!!! Movie Night in Morris hall (phase2) !!!! TOMORROW!!!! FREE FOOD!!! GAMES AND MOVIES!!!!! @user 
i'll make you some more justin bieber edits tomorrow if you don't deactivate @user 
One of the 1st Bono references by Ohio Gov. John Kasich of the 2016 campaign...and now Tim Tebow too via @user 
@user @user take the cue from Enrile and Cuevas. Besides, may stem cell na. Ha ha. 
"Really wanted Dean Ambrose to join the Wyatt Family tonight.I will explain in my new weekly column tomorrow. ""If my last name was Mcmahon""" 
@user @user 1. Agree, that dude is fast. 2. Wat. 3. Friday's. 4. Should've sold Kane when he was worth anything" 
@user it's coming the 17th and I want to go Shawn is being a brat 
#NowPlaying in the Treehouse :  Bob Marley Vs. Funkstar De Luxe - Sun Is Shining  ... Tune In at 
why? I really hope nintendo PAYS ATTENTION TO IT. but I do apologize in advance cause it's going to be annoying and I may loose followers 
The 49 car will return to Eldora Speedway this Friday and Saturday for the Kings Royal weekend.. Come out and... 
"It just wasn't going to be Murray's tournament. A head cold, 2 very tricky 1st and 2nd round opponents and an inspired Anderson performance" 
"While I appreciate Frank Gifford's Monday Night Football commentary, how did he get out of serving in Vietnam? Others died #tcot #gop" 
So the much mocked Amazon Prime Day? It outperformed the company's best Black Friday by 18%. Humanity in a nutshell. Look at the shiny. 
i think i'm going to spend the rest of my friday night watching netflix 
WWE Superstar Meet &amp; Greet with Randy Orton:  $150.00 (0 Bids)End Date: Wednesday Sep-2-2015 18:20... #wwetickets 
#map: Somalia: Somali Refugees in the Region - As of 31 October 2012 #UN 
@user @user really ?? do slaves have a proof ?? video may be ?? or is it just another Sonia / Rahul Gandhi words ?? 
"Oh right, it was the 3rd of September today: ""Papa Was A Rolling Stone"". 
I liked a @user video Sen. Bernie Sanders Joins Ed Schultz News and Commentary: Friday the 4th of September 
There is a Drum School for music in 3rd Ward on Wichita St. @user I will get the name later 
"Ice Cube told me to throw my neighbourhood in the air, if I don't care.   I am not so sure how to do dat. #Friday #IceCube" 
Dana White might cut Holly Holm from the UFC tomorrow #UFC193 
I still cry over that "follows you" on Justin's profile. 8/4/15 my babe followed. &amp; tomorrow will be two years since Ari followed me 
"Dammit, Murray just wont lie down. 4th set tie break now. @user up 2-1 in sets" 
7 things you may not know about Serena and Venus Williams via @user 
"LHP Matt Boyd, traded to @user in David Price deal, will start tomorrow vs. the @user #BlueJays" 
SO noone told me about Slingbox? I could’ve been watched Sons Of Anarchy AND the Niners game on Monday! 
They get players like Tom Brady and Julian Edelman in the 6th and 7th rounds. #ReasonsThePatriotsWin 
Tomorrow is the last day for early voting here in Nevada, if you havent already go vote!! Dont wait til tues. to do so... 
Star Wars Day :D Shame I can't see it until Saturday rathe than today though :( 
this is going to be my 2nd time going to the Pomona Fairplex cause of Warped Tour ooo 
@user no it'll launch with the new iPhone = on next friday not even coming friday because pre-orders 
Lil Trip will be performing next week July 7th with @user live at the Fairground in Nashville, Tn 
Today is the 3rd Anniversary of White Collar!! 
"Sunday Oliseh Meets With Victor Moses In London (Photo): Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh has started the pro... 
the real answer is im coming to see laurin and emily tomorrow #nojoke 
New at the Fix: 2012 Fantasy Football, Week 9 Rookie Report: Trent Richardson Primed For 2nd Ha... #fantasyfootball 
"""""@TheFourthPeriod: Evgeni Malkin and Sergei Gonchar will make their season debut with Metallurg Magnitogorsk on Thursday."""" Kulemin & Sid nxt" 
Because she's Mariah Carey lol they're used to her Selling millions... I don't think they expect the same from bey  
Previously: Floyd Mayweather pictured for the 1st time since fight with Pacquiao 
The Moon is wandering far from home too long that the Sun starts missing him. | Zane &amp; Shawn tale. 
It's a 1st Amendment jerk! Scott Walker to protesters in Iowa: 'I am not intimidated by you': via @user 
@user RT: ""when i found out it's school tomorrow and it's 03:53 and Niall's just chillin out his box. h..."" 
I have one spare VIP meal ticket to QPR v Reading at noon on Sunday needing an owner .3 course meal,wine,fancy seat etc ..anyone fancy it ? 
#FLEXTHURSDAY !! DIS THURSDAY!!!!!wit @user @user CROWS NEST WE CALLN OUT DA WHOL SOUF KUM KICK it Wit #PINKCITY!.. 
"At US Open, the Dustin Johnson choke was Sunday. At Open Championship, it began on Saturday. At PGA Championship, it is starting Thursday" 
#NEWS Tina Fey creates a buzz and will host Golden Globes with Amy Poehler:  Monday, it was announced that comed... 
ppl are saying starlight stage ios will be out on the 15th bitch where 
Probably going to walk around naked tomorrow 
Only rapper out there who could really fuck with a Kendrick instrumental. Respect! 
@user @user For Inbetweeners movie next wednesday, going for the 8pm showing at cineworld in town, everyone to book their own tix :)" 
Saudi Arabia Said to Weigh Selling Stakes in State-Run Entities: World leaders may have vowed to wean the worl... 
3 VIP tickets to Machine Gun Kelly on December 9th! anyone want to go? 
Planned maintenance for the PlayStation Network scheduled for Monday, October 15th from 4AM to 4PM Pacific Time 7AM to 7PM Eastern#reminder 
Upcoming Saturday @ Cherry Moon:  The start of a whole new season of the harder styles: FIRST CONTACT !!  With... 
Scott Walker convinced Canadian wall will shade his bald spot from the hot northern sun. 
Day 3 and all the tray works in at F&B’s in Oldham. Start wiring tomorrow #SparkingAt100Mph 
It was so good venus killed serena the 2nd set but serena won the game with an ace  
in the mean time, check out this soundcloud mix from a DJ im seeing at a day party on Saturday, 12-12, Amsterdam livin 
"November 1: Selena with Amy Schumer backstage at the 19th Annual Hollywood Film Awards in Beverly Hills, California. 
Brook Lopez with a Double Double in the 3rd #NetsNation 
Real Madrid will wear the pink kits for the first time on July 30 against Roma. 
C’mon Avila! You just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid Bill Murray was researching in The Royal Tenenbaums! #Tigers 
Red Sox lineup: David Ortiz returns after leaving Sunday game with sore calf 
"He had walked up with Bill Gates one of a good deal of that Justin Bieber, who sat down again in a cold, was that Edward" 
@user but let Sanchez get through his 3rd season before we say if he's better then eli 
Kudos to Dustin Johnson for finishing with a 69 after starting the day with a quadruple bogey. An 8 on the 1st could've led to an 80+ easy. 
RT @user Lokomotiv Yaroslavl were on the plane that crashed in Russia this.morning. Pavol Demitra was likely on that flight. #canuc ... 
@user @user Just saw you do the Sun. ev news  Great job.  Sad to hear about Frank Gifford..Sure Kathy Lee is devastated. 
Retweeted SocialRMadrid (@SocialRMadrid):  ABC | Real Madrid will announce he signing of De Gea on January 1st.... 
"Our new video: ""Flash CyanogenMod 12.1 On Moto G 1st Generation 2013 !"" Watch it at... 
@user @user @user i know niggas that hit licks on Thursday then go home to catch the new episode of Naruto 
"Clearly the battle is for 2nd place, as Bill Pullman's speech in Independence Day cannot be trumped. 
@user clemson sweatshirt came in today, got new uggs and got a couple pairs of 7 jeans....im ready but winter wont be the same." 
"Kim Kardashian: Star Wars Brought Me &amp; Kanye West Together!:  As you may have have heard, Star Wars: The Forc... 
"To all the nerds it's ""Star Wars Day"" to me it's just another Thirsty Thursday! #InABarFarFarAway" 
Oh now ya'll wanna drop on the Kendrick train... 
@user Why am I not surprised that you blame #MUFC for Real Madrid leaving DDG bid till the 11th hour? 
So from what I understand from the McKew news... it turns out Gillard may have challenged Rudd for the ALP leadership... 
ATTN: WRESTLERS- Still time to join this Sunday’s Seminar/Tryout. Here’s the info: 
Join the Kane's (Faculty in Residence) on Friday night for a Baylor Watch Party in the Clubhouse. Kickoff is @ 6:00pm 
Simon's one enforced change sees Alex Smithies replace Ian Bennett - it is his first start since Bournemouth on April 9 #htafc 
anyone wanna go to Jason Aldean with me Saturday? 
"Would you adam &amp; eve it, sun out morning after they've cancelled Great Yorkshire Show #Harrogate" 
"Lloris, Walker, Alderwiereld, Vertonghen, Davies, Mason, Dier, Lamela, Eriksen, Chadli, Kane tomorrow? Or maybe just unchanged from Stoke" 
"""""The highest any human has ever gone."""" Keith Richards may have something to say about that. #redbullstratos" 
Rachel Maddow re Bernie Sanders leading in NH in 2nd poll said Tell me again why Joe Biden? is the 1 that can challenge Hillary on the left? 
@user Real Madrid are trying to buy a player from united. the documents got delayed and the deadline to sign new players is tomorrow. 
The Early Returns on the Iran Deal - Clifford D. May; The Washington Times 
"Twins Highlight: Miguel Sano hits his 15th HR in just his 50th game, Tommy Milone (7 IP, 3 H) in 3-0 win vs. White Sox (ESPN)" 
@user gucci bc we're (don't know who else tbh) going sunday 
"Our actions suggest we are seeking a lower standard of paradise, not the same paradise that the 1st generation of Muslims sought" 
@user CQ4: As much as I'd want to say the 1st Julie Roberts or Eric Church's live album, Appetite by GNR is my answer. #CMchat 
"Heading down for the UGA v Ole Miss game with Shrek tomorrow. I'll be bangin belles, call me #Quasimodo" 
What sparks your interest? Learning Wordpress? Finding out things you may not have known about Islam and Muslims?... 
@user what time and where is the tweetup going to be tomorrow at LVMS. @user @user 
Trey Songz will be here December 7 at the Fox Theatre 
played the song ’Ain’t No Need To Worry (Album Version)’ by THE WINANS on @user 
Wednesday's Schedule:  9:15 Yin Yoga with Olga 5:30 Vinyasa Flow with Olga 7:15 Hot Yoga with Olga... 
John Lamb gives up a solo home run to Ryan Braun in the 1st. 
"In an exclusive extract from Amy Lawrences new book, Invincible, the Arsenal manager talks about  
Just notified that Steelers can’t find hotel rooms in NY so they’re leaving Sunday morning. Thank you, scorecenter, for this breaking news. 
Finding it hard to believe this season is Bale's 3rd season as Real Madrid player. 
"NEW YORK, NY - MAY 04: Kanye West (L) and Kim Kardashian attend the 'China: Through The... 
Daily: Lexus rolls styling dice with new RX. Carbon fiber 1st in BMW 7 Series. Autonomy could hurt trucking industry. 
"Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar, found with @user Listen now: 
Bilbao for breakfast this Sunday morning. Athletic are just about to kick off at Espanyol. 
Omg I told my mom to look out for Niall in the U.S. Open audience and she was like 'look out for your brother and I in the 6th row of + 
"Starting tomorrow in all Carrefour retail stores across Saudi Arabia, the first Bahri promotion ever." 
When all is said and done, Fluke will still need a job.  DWS are you watching?  Never mind you are out of office Nov 6.  #tcot 
My Picks for who i think will get the #Brownlow2012 points 3rd - Scott Thompson 2nd Gary Ablett 1st Sam Mitchell. 
so who wants to watch the Steelers game with me on Sunday? 
U can't in human experience rush into light.U've t go through twilight into broadeningDay before noon comes &amp; full sun is upon the landscape 
Never understood ppl who have been divorced more than once having a problem with gay marriage.   
"""""@StuartBroad8: Sat here with Roger Johnson trying to name other Rogers under the age of 40. Roger Black? How olds he??"""" Roger Rabbit?!" 
24/7 Wall St- Was Amazon Prime Day a Dud?: Everybody was watching to gauge the impact of Wednesday's Amazon Pr... 
@user @user hmmmm  November is an odd release date if true but if it becomes big enough maybe she could sing it at Grammys 
#WEB YouTube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor: Google on Thur... #TOPSTORIES 
Legendary wrestler Hulk Hogan issued an apology Friday after the National Enquirer released a transcript of statements he made that 
Seth Rollins Leaves Hotel with Cops on Saturday Night   #News #WWE 
"Looks like Murray is gonna have to do it the hard way again! 1 set down, 3-1 in the 2nd set! #ustennisopen" 
casually sat in the toilet at the hospital on the phone to Harry then Ben, standard 
Super Eagles chief coach Sunday Oliseh has unveiled his team list for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Group G game... 
@user Your Xbox controller broke? What’s wrong with it? Tell us more...we may be able to be of assistance! ^LB 
@user hi, in order for me to celebrate EID on the weekend i had to sacrifice Monday and Tuesday working night shift for my job" 
Australia Test and ODI captain Michael Clarke at the launch of the international season in Brisbane on Monday... @user 
@user 2nd time, Milan v Spurs at the San Siro, Zlatan equalise on 90 mins disallowed" 
"CNN changed the rules, and Carly Fiorina may make it into the next primetime GOP debate: 
Gucci variety vital impulse sanguine expectation may open up the double your human irruptive augmentation in c... 
Monday: Merica Monday  Tuesday: Disney takeover day Wednesday: Crazy hair&amp;sock day(activity day) Thursday: Halloween day  Friday: Spirit day 
Off to Dubai tomorrow - looking forward to seeing how the industry feels post Ramadan and EID. Keep you posted. 
RT @user -- Michael Jackson - Remembering June 13th #OnlyMJFansUnderstand i love you michael jackson 
JR Smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol, nigga said 6th Man of the Year Award is not what he’s thinking about 
Seeing Demi Lovato for the first time in 6 years tomorrow and feeling like I'm 9 again @user 
@user Locked in as usual heard Curtis make the announcement. Sunday Mornings won't be the same without the fellas... 
@user Pancake mix /does/ keep for a long time! (Pancakes tomorrow morning, then build a quake kit for #ShakeOut day?) 
@user Mitch are you free on Sunday to bale leaves for an hour?  If not no big deal  you can have them for animals 
.@JenniferJJacobs: Rick Perry: A young 1st term senator put country's economy and foreign policy in the ditch, time for experienced leader. 
Ryan Braun singles to lead off the 9th. #RallyTime #Brewers 
I want to go watch Denzel’s new movie tomorrow! Someone take meeeeeeeeeee. 
PPP Poll in NH evidence the disaster not nominating Trump could be for @user Trump as an Independent beats Jeb Bush for 2nd - 28% to 22% 
"#Vote4UrDAYUMSelf Comedy Show w/ @user TOMORROW @ the Houston Improv, 7:30 PM. FREE SHOW! Get... 
The two Lukes (Austen and Dickens) playing at Nelson Bay Diggers Club this Friday 2/11. Go check ’em out if you live in the area.. 
West Indies pull off from the India tour after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their Board. 
#USOpen Anderson beat Murray in the 4th round. It's Murray's earliest Grand Slam exit in 5 years 
you prolly gonna be there too. RT @user I can stamp on Friday its goin be endless people at the movies to see Final Destination 5 
"and the reason why they went with Murray, he went 26 yards on that run. Faked half the Sun Devils out of their jocks." 
I may have done a dumb thing, but it’s out there now. My new, long term goal: The Challenge  
Instead of focusing on my psychology exam tomorrow.. All I can think about is Vampire Diaries! #OBSESSED #netflixqueen 
Drew Peterson is no longer #Untouchable! Tune in for the Lifetime Original Movie Sunday at 7/6c on @user 
@user well I figured out that you have to get on the computer to make a league. The boys will have to help us tomorrow! Hahaha 
Glad he got to see his family; Iran should be ashamed for unjustly imprisoning one of its citizens for this long. 
@user Kershaw was mowing them down in the sixth in Game 4, and got shelled in the 7th. Have to be able to count on your bullpen." 
@user @user @user @user If I went for PS4 I could have been playing it by tomorrow or Saturday. I am PC dedicated, it hurts." 
"My nightmare for the season with our unbalanced squad is we finish 7th/8th then all our best players (Hugo, Kane, Eriksen etc) want to leave" 
Check Out Charlie Rose with Adel al-Jubeir; Bill Carter (March 5, 2002): Adel al-Jubeir, adviser to the Crown Pr... 
"So, tomorrow I shall watch Sharknado for the first time. And tweet it." 
John CENA and I will be unable to attend the critique tomorrow night at the same time as the first one of our album of my life 
I feel like she's trying to do a Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded thing like Nicki but it's literally just Flaming Lips album rejects. 
Watch U2 Perform 'October' for First Time in 25 Years | Rolling Stone: one of the most poignant moments of the show  
@user 3rd party app on iOS, Does it add a keyboard or you have to type -&gt; copy -&gt; paste ? @user 
"Paul Dunne (A) #OpenChampionship was asked what will go through your mind when you tee off on Monday ""Make contact with the ball""" 
Hmu if you wanna go protest the Jeb bush rally on the 17th with me and adams 
@user Donald Trump may think he's essentially Batman but we'd prefer Batman to run for president because... Well, he's Batman. 
Ole boy who preached Sunday looked like david ruffin from the temptations 
Scott Walker thought it'd be a good idea to stiff his personal bodyguards. - 
"On this day in August 17, 2012~ #SmackDown: Daniel Bryan vs. Randy Orton  
just sat and explained to my dad about who joseph kony is #smartdaughter #sillydad 
@user I told you what me n Asia din already but Sunday we cud hit earth 
@user @user what can I say more...  May Allah open the eyes to richest Muslims in this world... 
Who wants to work for me tomorrow? Don't all stand up at once noww #unlessyourwillingto" 
Keep it going Paul Dunne. Managed to get on him earlier when his odds were enormous. Same again tomorrow will be laughing. #TheOpen2015 
Mehdi Hasan will be debating the issue of drones on Sunday Live in a few minutes 
"Front-runner Donald Trump guaranteed in Fox's GOP debate Thursday, but Ohio Gov. John Kasich might not make cut. ^JC" 
Nominations are now open for the Citizen of the Year awards held on Australia Day. Three categories. Close Nov 30. See: 
@user @user @user @user @user @user God deals with Israel but do YOU Love ALL yet -judge self 1st 
#PlanetF1 Sat: STR, Caterham, Marussia, HRT: Although Daniel Ricciardo made it into Q2 in India, Toro Ro... #F1News 
@user ugh sooooo mean!! Oh yeah before I forget! We have a quiz on NCA and English tom, the English analysis she gave us last wed 
@user I was 6th months pregnant when we travelled to Hawaii to see U2 with Pearl Jam...plane ride from hell lol 
Heather to the rescue! Just agreed to do 4Sight at Oldham tomorrow :-) #4networking #oldham 
"Sunday Oliseh Woes Jordan Ibe For Super Eagles: Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Oliseh, has revealed that he m... 
"Paul Dunne and Louis Oosthuzien par the 4th hole. Zach Johnson puts it close, has a chance to take the outright lead." 
Sigh otra MetLife is tomorrow and I'm not going :// 
Despite rumors that Sandy will close down @user Kremlin, & Houses of Parliment, it appears we’ll still have classes tomorrow. Sigh. 
At the Creative Alliance for the 1st time to see a screening of Directing Dissent about John Roemer. Full from Mathews Pizza. #datenight 
"Josh Hamilton and I are making our returns at the Big A, but Josh's 1st since things went sour for him &amp; #Angels. 
"ES was 1899.5 at 4pm Friday. That's where it is now. Thus, SPX indicated to open flat." 
@user Hey, what time are we suppose to be at school on Monday and what time will it end? 
"Attn: that ""not afraid"" group shot in Paris is NOT from tonight... that's from after Charlie Hebdo in January... sigh, social media." 
@user tactical switch, vermalen midfield and song defence. Need steel to the silk of midfield and vermalen is our 3rd top scorer!" 
Sunwood will be at PIP tomorrow, outside DC. Come and try on the new autumn wraps that will take you to and from... 
@user Logically, one would extend dog day until tomorrow so that it coincides with National Ice Cream Day." 
John Kasich looks like sure bet to make Cleveland prime-time debate; 8th in new poll 
@user A thing on Rolling Stone today. As for your 2nd question, some REALLY want you know they're not the ""ignorant"" stereotype." 
STAR’s office hours are in SCC room 324 Sunday and Monday: 1-8pm, Tuesday-Thursday 1-9pm Come talk to us about anything! 
@user there he is Rick Perry, will drop out 1st! The 1st drop out will com from 2nd tier. 
"Judging by the end of Cole's black friday song, his and Kendrick Lamar's collab is dropping february biblical stuff" 
thursday morning freestyles. im the rap game white larry bird 
David Wright has now played more games at third base than any other player in the history of MLB in New York. 
@user Briana was introduced to Louis in February, were seen out &amp; about few times in May, pregnancy announced July 14." 
You can tell Joy Behar is back on the view,defending Planned Parenthood,saying only 3% of their business is abortion related,c'mon man! 
@user Ok cool. There seem not to be any decent place for tomorrow in milan around the same price tag. 
Some notes from Les Miles’ Wednesday night presser have been posted to the TSD forum. Stuff on Williford and JJ 
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady addressed the media on Sunday 
@user @user @user ru hosting a Miss USA party ? Sugar cake for the top 5 . Miss America in AC in sept.Free trip contests? Ur fired xtina 
"#tunewiki """"How to See the Sun Rise"""" by Ben Sollee 
@user Do you know how long Alexandra Burke will be on stage on Thursday at Hype Park? 
"As U2 plays here, they are also preparing for experiment w/ an 8th official called a ""U2"" tonight, or 2nd umpire. Stands offensive backfield" 
4th row: Google+ dead or soon about to surpass Facebook in active users? 
@user Yesterday, did you see Kris Bryant go over to field 2nd base for a few pitches &amp; then go back to 3rd? Never seen that ever before" 
@user Ah, you’re a bee charmer you! :) Touch wood should make it to LP next Friday work depending :) x x 
1st place  Donald Trump w/ 107 of my followers, 2nd - Chris Christie 46, tied for 3rd Jeb Bush &amp; Rick Perry with 33,4th  Rand Paul w/ 30 
@user If all of the Kpop fans came after 1d people will wake up tomorrow and be like ""who is 1d?""" 
Took Taylor Swift &amp; the other 3 &amp; dropped em off at the pool. Justin Bieber interview. 265 billion reasons Katy Perry. Quadruple account 1st 
@user No, I’m going to Muscat on Friday. What will you do? 
Who is all going to be up in Wrigleyville tomorrow for Foo Fighters?! 
99% no one is dropping an album at today's Apple event. Free trial period ends Sept 30. If anything, it'll be after to encourage renewals. 
"ANDERSON versus MURRAY:  Anderson 1 set ahead, now 2nd set. 3games ahead. 76 31 Murray just kept his game." 
@user Noticed that you going to be in Tampa tomorrow and wanted to see if we can do a Q&A for Metormix Tampa Bay and feature you ??? 
I've got a blog post coming up tomorrow. Topic? It's time to learn once and for all what Curtis Painter's got. Start the man. #Colts 
@user (he’s got quite the backup!)  George Harrison Playing Here Comes The Sun: via @user 
@user what are the rules regarding cameras & bags @ Jets stadium? I'll be @ the Cincy game on the 21st. 
'Fashion Star' crew still picketing: TV News:              Negotiations with producers began Monday    
"American professional wrestling legend known as Hulk Hogan has been dumped by World Wrestling Entertainment, the association said Friday." 
"tomorrow every girl mostly about to have; something from pink, a 6s, justin bieber tickets and more. bet" 
Anybody selling a pair of Jason Aldean tickets for the 19th at @user My girl @user needs some!! @user 
going to try and install Lollipop on my old Galaxy Note 1 later  . . only really gets used as a dev test and sat nav :) 
'Chris Brown' appeared on Tuesday 8 at the 18th place in the Top20 of New Orleans's Trends: #trndnl 
don't judge if you see me in yoga pants tomorrow 
My phone would want to pull it's shit together by Saturday, otherwise it's back to a Nokia :))))) 
Behind the Scenes at Miss USA: Sun Kitten Swimwear Photoshoot via @user 
Watching Devil Inside for the 1st time tonight ?? OhBabyJesus 
Chicago Sun Times - Kris Bryant and Jessica Delp spend day off at Shedd Aquarium 
Becoming a Conrad Murray trial juror: Showbiz Tonight goes inside the jury selection process of the Conrad Murra... 
WHOS GOING TO JASON ALDEAN SEPT 18th??? Hmu if you need tickets 
"Not even mid-day and Auburn has a heat index of 45C! Meanwhile, still waiting for summer @ 14C in the late afternoon @user 
"Wildcat Football v Lloyd at home tonight at 7:30. Be there for Friday Night Lights &amp; stay for 5th Q afterwards with laser tag, joust, &amp; more" 
"Jul 82 UK heavy metal band Judas Priest release their 8th album Screaming For Vengeance,  with the single """"You’ve Got Another Thing Comin""""." 
Dustin Johnson moves to 6-under through 11. Clearly the strategy is to get so far ahead that penalty strokes on Sunday won't matter. 
Photos: Pride Parade in Vancouver: Hundreds of thousands took to the streets Sunday in downtown Vancouver for ... 
Hear @user exclusive conversation with Tom Brady right now on @user Hear the rest on Patriots All Access Friday on WBZ 4 
Harper Lee may have a third novel in her safe-deposit box: Go Set a Watchman might not be the las... #socialmedia 
Kirko Bangz comes to @user Tomorrow Nite!! Get your tix for the show > 
I haven't seen any of the Sharknado movies but I'm guessing it's sort of like this. 
Brock Lesnar is going to be on Mike and Mike tomorrow. Which one gets sent to Suplex City first? @user @user 
"FEATURE-Milan scrubs up after years as Italy's ugly sister: MILAN, Sept 8 (Reuters) - Long the ugly sister to ... 
@user I would use that in ads from now until October 31st 2012. Republicans politics first country somewhere in the top 100. 
@user @user @user you do realize Chris Evans' account has been hacked right?? or y'all sleeping off a friday night hangover or sth 
@user TF2, maybe some Day Z, and some Diablo III 2nd playthru perhaps...and you? 
The temptation to sin is strongest among Christians on Saturday because they know forgiveness is just a stone's throw away. 
We will see how well Stones does Saturday lunch time against Chelsea, or will he jump over a ball for a goal? 
@user i dont understand this HATE thing cos in the 1st place KPOP is different from 1D tbh way different lol 
"#MLBFantasy David Wright is back in the Mets' starting lineup, batting cleanup and playing third base, Thursday night against the Phillies." 
Getting ready to board EI 105 to NYC to open Pinter, A Celebration with Julian Sands drctd by John Malkovich @user on Tuesday 
This War of Mine: The Little Ones is coming to PS4 and XB1 in January! Watch the trailer: 
@user I accidentally bought the 5th episode of Game of Thrones on PS3 instead of PS4. Can you put me in touch with someone to fix? 
"RT @user So Tomorrow Morning, wherever you are, think of us here in Wisconsin as we fight once again to restore Democracy to ..." 
@user @user slow down. He’s a lib. U may hav 2 explain 2 him. Remember Charlie Gibson told DonWade&Roma he dnt know abt ACORN. 
Brock Lesnar may have made Undertaker tap out at #SummerSlam but he can never make Mean Mark Callous tap out WRESTLEMANIA 32 HE RETURNS #WWE 
Alright ladies and (yes) gents. Our poll is here! You may know these two best from both Thor movies AND the Avengers (among others). 
Big win and some guy named David Price is pitching for the Jays tomorrow 
@user May 4th, which I just realized is Star Wars Day. So a leeeettle early, but can still happen." 
"Memphis May Fire, A Day to Remember, Alesana, Nirvana, the xx, Alt-j, Arctic Monkeys, the Offspring... My jams man" 
"predicting a 4th @user film.. Calling it ""Sharknado 4 : the final bite"" or ""get the F-5 out of here"" &amp; @user guest stars." 
Just to inform everyone the Pottsgrove vs. Pottstown game has been postponed until tomorrow morning at 10 am 
@user C'mon, the Randy Orton one is like Meme Voltron." 
@user Hi, I'm with KPCC-NPR in LA. Are you available to be on @user Tues. to discuss Carly Fiorina? Are you following her race?" 
Tonight with us is @user @user breaking down everything Floyd Mayweather vs. Andre Berto on September 12th. 
Anyone want to see Knife Party, Tommy Trash, Kill The Noise, Style of Eye, Baauer & Destructo on Oct 26 in NYC? 
If the #RedSox keep on winning and end up getting the 11th pick and losing a protected first by one slot would be classic Red Sox 
"Floyd Mayweather announces Andre Berto fight: American set to retire after September 12 bout, the last of a si...  
If I see Zayn on Sunday I think I will pass the fuck out ! 
Alexei Ramirez's 3-run homer gives the White Sox a 3-0 lead over the Royals in the 4th inning. 
@user lol I’m talk to my sister , tomorrow I think she was talking prince royce , but idk! She’s inlove with Romeo santos! 
Louis Oosthuizen is now three strokes clear in China - He is playing the 17th hole - Phil Mickelson remains second on the second day. 
@user @user I blame Snoop Dogg for getting Izzy to stick her body out the sun roof 
Heading to Crows Nest on Sunday to cover Ray White’s celebrations for 110 years in the business of real estate. 
@user @user And David Cameron is 5th cousin off the queen. Who are they where is our real queen??????? 
@user Vanessa, Emily and I are going to the mall tomorrow. Vanessa still needs her outfit too. Aha 
"Kanye West may not be our next POTUS, but regardless of whether he lands in the White House or not, Chelsea... 
It is official the NASDAQ market will be open in Wednesday 
Holm won't beat Rousey. She may land a few good punches but she'll get dropped on her head and submitted. #UFCNashville 
The Yankees win 8-6 and pull with a game of 1st place could be .5 if the Red Sox beat Toronto 
.@JordySloan @user No this picture was taken in January after the Charlie Hebdo and Hyper Casher attacks 
"Now we know why all those Hibs fans didn't show up for the Edinburgh derby on Sunday, they were saving their money to boo Ian Black tonight." 
@user  1st i was fishing 2nd i was talking about the Galatasaray game 
RUMOR: #Blackhawks may have traded Niklas Hjalmarsson to the #Oilers for Sam Gagner. Stay tuned. 
@user may I remind you She's Kida Hot is number one on the iTunes chart while Bad Blood is at number 50 PLAY THE MORE POPULAR ONE 
David Wright is playing baseball tomorrow  for the First place New York Mets 
Try the Best Wurst of Portland at the Polish Festival: The 17th annual Portland Polish Festival ... #portlandevents 
"The Indian Express draws Flak for July 31 Headline on Yakub: One of the leading Dailies of India, The Indian E... 
@user here is some... &amp; ABC party is the 24th also . que party the 25th 
Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment Atta Girl .Hildogs worst nightmare 
"Ice Cube came up with ""Bye Felicia"" from the ""Friday"" movie &amp; they put it in the Straight Outta Compton movie..." 
@user @user I’m back in rugby on a sat but if I do play it will have to be before 10 like! 
@user I don't get the Davis love. I mean sure as a 3rd string guy he's ok but he's no starter or Tom Brady 
"Shitty week, but got a 6er of Phillips Coulrophobia India Red Ale for bed &amp; a new Iron Maiden double LP is out tomorrow for the long weekend" 
"Harris looks for Owens but Murray all over him, 3rd down &amp; the Argos will gamble.. #CFL #LDC #TORvsHAM" 
Justin has confirmed Saturday will come 'too soon' for @user so the John Egan @user partnership may be rekindled. #Gills #GFC 
I met the bake clean off josh Hamilton on the 19th 
Ten things you may have missed Wednesday from the world of business: Dunkin' Donuts on Wednesday opened its fi...  
Bajrangi Bhai jan I do agree with you brother should not be hanged for brother.  But Mr. Yakub is also accused...... 
@user on 4th day of Eid .... kuch shirm aur haya hote hai mager yeh dono app pass kaha hai? 
When people come to your house on the 4th day of Eid with a SHADI KA CARD...... 
Nine Goa Congress legislators want to join us: BJP: Panaji, Oct 31 (IANS) Goa’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (B... 
N.A.N.M.K. @user Pretty Katy Perry Images. You may want to check: 
15th and the first by Gucci &amp; Waka would get God to rip some shots 
Up early on a saturday to cook chili with Sean Cunningham at the ICS Chili cook off in New Haven CT. 
Carlo Ancelotti's Madrid are on the lookout for a midfield option with Sami Khedira in line to leave in January. 
@user Thx for the fol back. May God someday condemn those who mean to harm Israel, His chosen people. God bless your warrior spirit" 
Did you know that 'Real Madrid' was Trending Topic on Wednesday 2 for 6 hours in Leicester? #trndnl 
Hillary: That was a mistake. I'm sorry about that." @user @user going to need a complete script rewrite. 
@user Yeah! So if you want to go, just let me know. We can talk about it more tomorrow in Anatomy if you want. 
Takeaway en route and treating the other half to the 3rd film of the Twilight set #BoxingDay #chiller 
"Mikel Obi snubbed me in London - Super Eagles Coach, Sunday Oliseh: Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday... 
@user  Hi Julie! I was wondering if I may have your email, I would like to ask you something privately,  it has to do with Big brother." 
#vashon is already abuzz with the news that 2013 Strawberry Festival is the 3rd week of July. Calanders are being marked, plans being made. 
So whos seeing Peacock and Gamble tomorrow who can get me a ticket because I haven’t got a card. I have the money, I’ll give it to you there 
I added a video to a @user playlist FRANCIS M. - History of the Disease - March 7, 20 
Palin eyes Energy secretary job in Trump Cabinet - Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said Sunday she could see hersel... 
YO! Dean Ambrose is in 12 Rounds 3....... I still haven't seen 12 Rounds 2..... I love the 1st movie with John Cena #Smackdown 
This may seem like the end for Google+ , but we have a hunch that something is on its way 
New York Mets 3B David Wright went 1-for-3 with a single and a walk for High-A St. Lucie on Monday 
"Nirvana Day is the 15th Feb .Buddha is said to have achieved Parinirvana, or complete Nirvana, upon the death of his physical body. #Buddha" 
Check out the trailer for the Kurt Cobain doc, screening here Fri 11 Sep 
"Real Clear Politics- Yes, Sharknado 4 Is Happening: 'Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!' premiered in the U.S. Wednesday... 
@user you may not have Frank Ocean , but at least you got Kanye" 
#News #Boston Miley-stone Lefty logs 1st complete game: Wade Miley made his way back to the Red Sox dugout aft... 
Drogba(as reports suggest he is preferred to start), If Cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this. 
Good Tuesday morning. Big news out of the Vatican:  Pope radically reforms Catholic Church's process for annulling marriages. @user 
I’ve read two very different article about Christianity and horror films today.  #halloween #weird 
Going to go see Afrojack at XS in Vegas this Saturday with the Bachelor.... should we by the tickets online, or... 
Blum & Poe just sent out email announcement of Chuck Close's show opening on the 29th! 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Gandhi 
...which is quite ironic given the Paris attacks were staged false flag hits - (as was Charlie Hebdo in January)... 
Wait. Is what Ric Flair saying true? Did Jon Stewart costing @user the 16th @user Title put us in an alternate reality? #RAW 
Sunday Oliaeh dropped the duo Mikel Obi and Victor Moses from the list of Super Eagles nations cup match against Tanzania 
"David Coulthard says Fernando Alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with McLaren, adding that Merc... 
"RT @user I wanna walk the Brooklyn bridge one day, on a really nice night" 
Tomorrow I’m downloading some Chance the Rapper and Nipsey Hussle 
@user I have Amazon Prime which is supposed to be like 2-Day shipping but it says mine won't be here till next Tuesday :/ 
The Twilight 10th Anniversary edition causes major hand cramp &amp; Elbow pain. I might need to have a second book on the go as well. 
"Just wondering, does anyone know if Sun Yang been hanging out with Floyd Mayweather?" 
@user I am betting by Jan 1 we will see a story of someone naming their baby """"Ebola"""". Will you take the over or under on that?" 
BYU head coach Dave Rose said after practice that he anticipates a different starting lineup for Saturday's exhibition finale v. Findlay. 
#COSATU Vavi: Special CEC was called to take forward declaration of Cosatu's 11th congress on the Marikana bloodbath. GW. 
#World: Pope's faster annulment plan may mean less in U.S.: Pope Francis has just reformed t... via .@TheNewsHype 
@user oh there is no school today because yesterday is my country independence day so its a day off today. HAHA hby? 
@user hey Selena! I'm going to your Dallas concert on august 31st!!!!!!! Rt/follow 
RT @user Boehner proposes Obama speech be on the same night as NFL opening night...  
"What was the running bet? I would get A tramp stamp of Stoops face if we won Saturday??? Yall would each give me a grand if we lost.,." 
@user was at home and @user was on the road so Curtis is home team next week. Game will probably be Friday night at 7 pm. 
@user As I understand it,Scott Walker pleaded the 5th 85 or 90 times for medicare fraud.But ,you know,he's a republican, so its okay." 
@user will you be in Myanmar on Saturday? I work with Tom at Spark PR in BKK. We have an event on Saturday in Yangon with Visa 
"http://t.co/i6kLbRCXUA If Man Utd and Real Madrid cannot get the paperwork correct and on time, who can ?" 
"Aglines roundup: Nebraskans may notice the """"Nebraska, Our Best to You"""" logos in more locations across the state ... 
"Justin Bieber may have a number 1 single, but he still visits Santa Claus: 
Just some Where Did You Sleep Last Night by Nirvana (acoustic) because @user  may need it. 
"It was all about Prince George at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday. To celebrate the little royal's second birthday, the Grenadier Guards..." 
Should we say that Ruto is now the 5th president of Kenya ? Yes or No 
"Here's my line of 3D fiber mascara that I will be selling, Younique. Message me for any info/questions you may have! 
TV: Thursday on Utah TV: Ballet West takes a bow o...: Scott D. Pierce writes about television for the Salt Lake... 
"For all my Sophomores and Juniors, the deadline for the Google BOLD Internship Program is Dec. 1 at midnight PST. If you any questions HMU!" 
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker on Wednesday compared the nuclear inspection proposals in the Iran deal to bad... 
#Syracuse field hockey beat #UConn for the Big East regular season title on Saturday. My story for @user 
@user you wanna go see inbetweeners next wednesday? 
You may not have known this, but Disneyland is home to a TON of cats that just live there. You see them lurking around sometimes. 
"Liams new tattoo is the number 25, do you know when Zayn left? March 25th so that must mean...  Ziam is real." 
I’m dressing up as Gary for Halloween.. So don’t expect to c me until about 4th period..ill b home dozing off to animal planet then ill b at 
@user Not sure what to say. I guess we’ll all be happy when Nov 6 passes. I’ll support whoever is next POTUS. But obv want Romney. 
"Watch tomorrow's news is going to be all about ""Niall and Camila. Are they dating?""" 
@user  this people who try  to save ""YAKUB""  may be with DAUD  n   CHUHA TIGER""...GADDAR GANG""" 
@user @user finished 4th, just like Arsenal. 
Donald Trump on Tuesday hit back at Jeb Bush's accusation that the billionaire businessman is not a true conservative, amid an 
"The name Friday comes from Freya, the goddess of love and fertility. Freya had two black cats who were a gift from Thor, god of Thunder." 
@user LOL the Exo fandom is always the 1st 2 pick war with others. Like literally from Kpop fandom to USUK. No one like them srsl 
"Busy week 4 us: @user at @user on the 12th, @user at @user on the 15th n NOAH at KL Live on the 16th, u comin?" 
"Kris Bryant hits a two-out, two-run double in the 5th, to get the Cubs within 2, 7-5." 
Last day of Eid holidays...preparations for office tomorrow... #TimeFlies #dontwannago 
As I write a check to my nanny, it occurs to me that I may have more money than Rick Perry's campaign. 
Hot Jam with Melissa and our 4th row seats ! 
Real sentence: Josh Donaldson drove in Troy Tulowitzki with his 29th HR of the season to give David Price and the #BlueJays the lead. 
on the 27th day of the *...  @user :- 'this' dead...  @user :-Oh know u2....reach 'this' number 1000 ...enter the Club 
"Earth Festival bought to you by @user June 16, 2-7pm, 2010 S. Wabash. 
@user We've got Leonardo da Vinci: Painter at the Court of Milan coming up in November, how does that sound? 
"No Good Deed, Equalizer, Last week Annabelle, Friday we saw Addicted now today going to see Gone Girl..." 
Playing as the Browns HC K. Fri in #Madden13, XFacalac lost to the Ravens 21-28 on All-Madden #ConnectedCareers 
You can't have country music without Chevy. Sing along with Zac Brown Band this Saturday at Hersheypark Stadium. 
@user the sun said they were going to end up the group and Niall cleared the rumors saying they'll stay together 
@user you better be on your best behavior for Niall, Louis, Liam and Harry on Saturday." 
2nd off S/o to Morris hall it went dumb tha whole yr memories 
@user @user Both young, talented with potential. Kane's 1st season was ace, struggled since. Martial still raw.risks in both" 
"An update from @user an athlete sponsored by Birkett Long who attended the London Grand Prix on Saturday 
FACT: The core of Carly Fiorina's support comes from people who knew nothing about her before 4:59 PM on Thursday. #CheckHerRecord 
White Sox arms of the future measured Wednesday on the Sano Factor via @user 
Messi and Barcelona will resume La Liga action with a traditionally tricky trip to Real Sociedad (Sunday, kick-off 21:00 CET) 
Everyone come the the volleyball game at East tomorrow before the football game! #playoffs2012 
We're counting down the days!.... The #Orlando Home and Garden Show and Boat Show begins this Friday! 
I wanna hear carry-over purchases tomorrow, so pre-owned iPhone and iPad apps can carry over to the TV.  I would start developing ASAP. 
@user no back to watching Jim Henson’s fattest character pitch the 8th #BrettBeakerMyers 
.@StLucieMets: .@Mets David Wright in tonight's lineup. Here are pics from his 1st rehab game. 
"I'm calling it NOW, Monday, August 17th 2015, 9:45 PM  Brock Lesnar will make Undertaker tap out." 
I'm surprised it took this long after Zayn left for this to happen.  
It's 9:44pm on Tuesday and Tom Brady is still the GOAT 
Tough loss tonight to the Orioles 10-2 to break the winning streak. David Price is taking the mound tomorrow afternoon. 1:07 game time! 
Cate Blanchett speaks during the 7th annual Governors Awards ceremony. 
@user The Inbetweeners Movie + Cowboys and Aliens are both out on mid-week release today. Either of those luring you through our doors? 
Azealia Banks may find herself in another hot situation after she involved herself in the Miley Cyrus and Nicki... 
#RAW This Sunday Brock Lesnar will remember Undertaker the same way WWE remembers Hulk Hogan 
@user @user @user I hope US will fail. Plus, once S-300 goes to Iran, Israel may up the ante in Syria, New dynamics" 
"you gonna send me ""Black Friday"" kaofela ""@BlaqjuiceT: Kendrick killed the 'tale of two cities' remix yong. Straight up.""" 
still waiting on Frank Ocean to drop his album.. it's August 6 already 
Playstation Vita ordered. I should have it on Tuesday and then LBPV the Tuesday after that. :) 
@user I think it'll be a dead rubber, if it's not already, but I'm going to Orioles @ Red Sox in a few weeks, Friday night game" 
@user Currently at the London Children’s Museum. Then #dragonslive later. Then to Goderich until tomorrow. 
@user My Euphemism Phrasebook suggests you may be trying to pass the blame for #ClimateChange onto Muslims. Is that correct? 
Gucci unmentionables jivatma esoterica february plan the two yours connotative from mutual attraction in conte... 
Syngenta says Monsanto's $2B break-up fee comes with big caveat $SYT $MON 
Me meeting Lady Gaga for the 1st time: 
@user are you going to laidback Luke tomorrow? 
"In Thursday's GOP presidential debate, John Kasich and Donald Trump will have the least scripted responses." 
"Kris Bryant hits a walkoff homerun in the 10th inning to beat the @user 2-1 
Raleigh and Fayette Counties have been added to the Winter Storm Watch from late Sunday to late Tuesday. Higher... 
University of Western Australia fear that the recent illegal action tests of ICC may be based on unreliable evidence. 
"New Spygate Information Could Affect Tom Brady's Legacy: CHARLOTTE, NC - AUGUST 28: Tom Brady #12 of the New E... 
"Fed Keeps Rates Low, Says Growth Is Moderate The Federal Reserve stuck to its assessment Wednesday that the econ... 
"Group spent its apex, in part, defending its 1st Amendment rights. But, at his most dangerous, Ice Cube seemed protected by the 2nd #NWA" 
Brian Cushing is NOT listed as out for Thursday's game. He did not participate in practice today. Mistake was made inputting to the NFL site 
American Hockey League continues to shut down the root cause of a word money: October 1 sports news continued to... 
@user first off, u were talking about Muslims, not all rel ppl. 2nd, all should be subject to SAME rules, not worse @user 
"RT @user For those just tuning in, #Chargers have linked those two games as pkg. To see Aaron Rodgers Nov 6, you gotta buy tix ..." 
Pl tell this #CONgress installed Vice President doing his 2nd term in t chair tat he is VP India not a spokesman 4 Muslims #HamidAnsari #BJP 
@user vs. BYU tonight for 1st place in #WCC. It's on @user at 7pm #gotoreros @user @user ^RB 
@user And the season begins!!!! Plymouth tomorrow to debut our programs! #TeamUSA #Skyliners 
'Real Madrid' appeared on Tuesday 1 at the 6th place in the Top20 of Manchester's Trends: #trndnl 
"When I was a kid, my dad and I would go to Kauffman Stadium every Saturday to watch the Royals. Even when they were away. #Royals" 
@user I need that iPod that Noah left at your house, could you DM me when your mom or Kevin is home tomorrow so I can come get it? 
49ersParadise HOP: Alex Smith Named NFC Offensive Player of the Week and More NFC West News [BR]: Thu, 1 Nov 201... 
"""""Eleanor was just a fan when she met Louis"""" it’s funny bc she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasn’t a fan" 
lowkey scared that Calibraska wont be released in Australia bc it was meant to be released 3 hours ago when it turned Friday but it didnt.. 
@user Concern's having 5th guy who can play CB; Kane's natural Safety but he played some CB in camp unless others like Tyree will 2/2 
My friend just told me I can't wear any of my Ice Cube shirts to the NWA movie tomorrow. Yes I have multiple. 
Snaps to Nicki! I may not like her but get it 
Click this link and retweet that tweet if you want a chance to get gifted Calibraska! 
"Elvis Presleys 34th death anniversary is on Aug 16. Shammi Kapoor, the man they often called India's Elvis Presley, passed away on Aug 14." 
@user going to be Seth Rollins bitch this Sun @user #RAW 
@user The fact that he officially endorsed Rick Perry back in June. 
Harper walks. #Nats now have two men on with one out. Escobar will bat next. Still 8-7 Mets in the bottom of the 9th. 
Hitting fair lakes chipoltle, franklin farm, fairfax corner, and the one down 50 tomorrow 
Twitter poked fun at Floyd Mayweather's display against Manny Pacquiao on Saturday night with a host of memes and virals with some 
@user free trial of NBA league pass until nov 7th check it out on 
What position groups do the New Orleans Saints need to upgrade most?: Problems may have to be fixed during the o... 
Remember when Ice Cube commented on the length of the FRIDAY script in STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON? 
My graduation tomorrow is at Constitution Hall. If U wana go just hit me 
The bullet riddled vehicle in which UDR Lance Cpl David Halligan was killed by the IRA outside Armagh on 17 Nov 1989 
@user @user Is it true that Pappu may visit Yakub's family after inspiring the FTII junkies sufficiently in Pune? 
Paula first plans 2 shoot 1st vid w Leo. Madonna advises 2 begin with a solo. "Babydoll" is shot b4 "Showgirls" 
"Little Mix participate in 3rd episode from the 1st season of the reality show fashion, """"Styled To Rock"""". 
Oliseh becomes the first Nigeria football figure to ring a bell at NSE: Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh visit... 
@user c'mon.. do some poster chipkawing in Delhi about this! media is too busy talking about yakub! 
Back from holiday, and back to work. Now on my 3rd day here and it's like I was never away. Recruitment in IBM never stops. 
Just read an article claiming Saudi Arabia mistook Saturn as the moon of Eid-ul Fitr. Apparently Eid was supposed to be on Saturday. 
But will pay Dana White $500 for a ticket. You crying about $18?? 
"We leave runners stranded at the corners, but come up with 4 in the 8th. White Sox head to the 9th trailing 7-6." 
@user 8/8  account using your BB device, you may want to follow @user for updates and additional support from RIM. 
Friday night Briana was riding some guy giving him a lap dance at the lounge we were at and I was either crying to Fetty Wap or sleeping 
when it's august but you're still listening to frank ocean's old albums 
Do you feel religious freedom in USA may be denied to Christians under the guise of separation of church &amp; state? 
@user on Saturday peeps will be saying the same thing about Foo Fighters 
#RoleModelJinnah he might have emerged as da sole spokesperson of Muslims later in his life but early on he wanted 2 be 3rd class magistrate 
@user Hahaha Did you see how upset AJ was during the Susan G Coleman segment on Monday :/ 
How are they going to act in new york with the subways out? They better clutch it out like Eli Manning 4th quarter 
"Why Sustainability is very important for the Cotton Industry: Interlaken, 9 October 2012. In this vide... #wcoc09" 
Mohamed Morsi, Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood president, instructed the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces Thursday... 
Gay teen worried he may be Christian. 
"Frank Ocean's new album is rumored to come out tomorrow, it's probably not" 
Oomf just tweeted we bring Wayne Rooney back from Belgium that his next goal may be when Caitlyn Jenner changes back to a man 
"So if Briana (People Mag July 14 2015 as preggers) got pregnant THAT DAY, then 9 mos is April 14 2016. So just how early did they announce?" 
"Wouldn't be shocked if Hulk Hogan returned to WWE for a 5th time, if the smoke clears between him and WWE. Vince, how long will it go?" 
Apparently we should have negotiated with Real Madrid despite them not actually submitting a bid for until Sunday. 
@user Applying sun tan lotion in a cave with Katy Perry? My wife will make sure I never listen to 94.7 again, lol @user 
"In 14 minutes of Kerry Collins, the #Colts are down 17. Let's give Curtis Painter a shot in the 2nd quarter. Why not?" 
Are England in the Europa League? That's the only explanation for playing on a Thursday night... 
@user the voting closed on 20th. Lady Gaga was placed at no. 2 
@user Damn lol. I needa catch up. You know it took me the whole 5th grade to watch Naruto, and that wae the year Shippuuden came out?" 
@user @user @user Yep im having a party @ the eagles club theres a dj on fridays so ill have my party oct 5th im so amped!! 
Im moving to California on the 16th 
hey I'm gonna see Ed Sheeran next Wednesday so it's not all that bad 
Mort Zuckerman, WSJDon’t be fooled by the headline unemployment number of 8.1% announced on Friday. The reason the number dropped to 8.1%... 
"TTS will participate in the """"love in asia"""" tomorrow (2/11) at 2:30pm(KST).KBS will broadcast the program on 3/11 at 7:30pm(KST) on KBS World" 
"Right now, I predict crazy Xbox price drops in only one scenario.....if the week before black friday they are selling on par with PS4." 
French Montana Live @ DC Star this Saturday #LaborDayWkend S/o @user @user check it out >>  
Looks like Indonesia will face the Pats in the semis. Warriors lead the Singapore Slingers, 77-67, with over 6 mins left in the 4th 
On the other hand jason aldean on Saturday 
@user OK that's going to damn far. Leave Prince George alone and we may still get a pic here or there.Keep it up and we get nothing 
"Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?" --Bob Marley  TUESDAY SCHEDULE... 
5 more chances for you to see Paul McCartney in the US - October dates here: 
Texas will defund cancer screenings at Planned Parenthood starting September 1. Here's what the media needs to know: 
"My Guardian op-ed on Paris, Charlie Hebdo and the logic of terrorism. 
"Just saw Milan v empoli, happy for 1st win of the season but mid is terrible, completely agree with miha's post match comments. #acmilan" 
Kathy Walsh has Kentucky Derby winning jockey Mario Gutierrez in the irons on Thursday October 11th when Duke... 
There's only one Minister in Harper's pantheon, and he's 100% Prime... (May contain Antibiotics, HGH, GMO...) 
Bye bye Kyiv! See you in December :-* 
What on: Summer Superstar Spectacular Presents Legend: A Tribute To Bob Marley: Every Wednesday through the su... 
"#TheEdenCentre Get in shape this Wednesday with Yoga 6pm - 7:30pm all levels welcome, #fitness" 
RT @user Steve Jobs biography may be available in time for the iPad 3 
"Invited @user on a date with me tomorrow afternoon to watch Paper Towns (still haven't watched it). Jeff: uh, lemme think about it" 
"Bryant's huge homer ties Cubs' rookie marks: Kris Bryant's 23rd home run of the year, an 0-2 pitch off D-backs... 
We’ve come all the way from canadia... on Caltrain to #stanford! #quatchi #s  @ 22nd Street Caltrain Station 
@user come on Leslie where is your Christmas spirit a miracle could happen tomorrow is Harvey day then the degromatior then Thor 
"In a year focused on the Summer Olympics, Winter Olympian @user received a win of another kind on August 23 Read: 
last day yahoo but i have already jotted 50ish to do items ... off to bulgaria tomorrow morning 
A senseless error by Starlin Castro and Kris Bryant led to a Pirates run in the 5th inning: 
i had a dream abt going to wwa tomorrow 
Photoset: jeremyrennerseyes: Jeremy Renner at the 22nd Annual Film Independent Spirit Awards, Santa Monica... 
Who does Louis hate more Zayn or Harry the world may never know 
@user say I need u to help me order my jandals tomorrow off Amazon ... Just to make sure I doing it right okay 
Oh yea, we heard bout y’all Senior Skip Day Friday... We ain’t report it cause y’all ain’t play nobody but Brookwood. 
"Photographer Nabil Elderkin on Shooting Kanye West, Nelson Mandela and War: Complex has sat down with esteemed... 
if anyone tries to text/imessage me on my IPod, just letting you know that i can't reply till thursday 
Jan 13th = Ends #AHSHotel That means that Lady Gaga will be focused and start the new era with the new album. 
@user Curtis my man do you have a stream for tomorrow ? 
Had to cut the Mohawk off gotta look grown for tomorrow night at Club Pulse 
"Hayat alamr bil ma'roof  (The religious police in Saudi, on Eid)   May Allah preserve the land of Tawheed. 
Cazorla tomorrow and that's it on the Arsenal front, cba to watch England, Spain much more pleasing to watch 
@user  The Law of the land is religious freedom 1st Amendment protects RF not FRF. SCOTUS was wrong. Kate Smith is right 
Trayce Thompson's 2-run single pushes White Sox ahead 7-1 in the 7th. Thrown out trying to get to 2nd to end inning. 
I watched all of it till the part where naruto faces the 10th demon  
I'm glad nintendo puts Super Guides in games, I may not use them but I'm glad people have the option of not frustrating themselves for hours 
"Re: last retweet: I've been thinking about this a lot since Sunday, about how people call themselves Christians but then get mad when..." 
"This is what Trump actually tweeted following the latest Paris attack, the moronic one is from Charlie Hebdo in Jan 
Why hasn't the @user taken up arms to defend a gay marriage advocate [https://t.co/ljiPRv1iyL] being discriminated!? 
Got to show my rubbishy physics presentation tomorrow :/  The only good bit is Daniel Radcliffe singing the elements song ;) 
@user We have a similar circumstance in Australia. Jan 25 is Australia Day & many First peoples call it Invasion Day. 
I just checked for cheap Ed Sheeran tickets for next Wednesday in Miami. I could usually find something for less than 80 bucks. - 
@user the thing though is if pogba ever does leave juve it will be to barca, also my team isn't in 13th place right now. 
This nigga Dwight Howard has end of the game stats in the 3rd quarter 
@user wins the 2nd set v @user to take a two set lead 7-6 6-3   Murray will have to win in 5 sets again if he is to win 
Mets captain David Wright returns to action tonight in his first game since April 14. 
Racist Mad Libs: Islam is _______ with _____  
Caitlyn Jenner introduced the band Culture Club in Los Angeles on July 24 to a standing ovation. 
Serena w the biggest load of bs right there.   'It's gonna be tough. [Vinci] has nothing to lose and neither do I'  C'mon son. 
@user Frank Gifford have died due to a natural causes (was 74 years). If had continued alive,had turned 75 years the day 16th." 
George Osborne to announce spending review 25 November - two weeks after #economicsfest and one week after our Festival of the Future City 
@user Do we know who is gonna play bass for Daughtry on the tour with 3 doors down See you again on Dec 1st in Binghamton NY 
New project at Straw Hat Pizza 1653 Industrial Pkwy. Hayward just in time for the Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto fight September 12 
@user @user C'mon, feed Conor Mcgregor to @user Mcgregor talked his way into a title shot, Frankie earned it. 
*Chandigarh is the Capital of the two states of  Panjab and Haryana. *March 23 -World Meteorological Day. *March 21- world Forestry Day. 
Movie date for Paper Towns tomorrow night? (Technically tonight) WHO'S DOWN 
@user climbing Mount Snowdon tomorrow. Any idea what the weather will have in store for us?? 
I Want to be #UltimateNikeFan bt don't hav any Nike Product.Hope dey will Send me some products.So,That i may fall i love with @user @user 
Flight from Vancouver to Montreal. View right window. Flying high above the clouds into the sun. 
Harper Lee may not have published Go Set a Watchman were she not taken advantage of in her older age/illness. 
How we do football Sunday at the Turner house. Big screen, little screen, iPad. #gobigorgohome 
'Dana White' appeared on Sunday 13 at the 20th place in the Top20 of Miami's Trends: #trndnl 
Laying in bed all day catching up with Big Brother since school starts tomorrow and I'm not ready to give up my freedom. 
My heart goes out to Frank Gifford and family. May all your memories of Frank bring you comfort.  #1MMemories #RIPFrankGifford 
Clinton backer Tom Harkin tells friend Joe Biden there are ways he can serve the country, but don't run a 3rd time.  
My official bday weekend kicking off party Friday Sept 21st @ Club Bodi and going out with a bang Grand Finale @ ... 
Personally thought Bobby Jindal won that debate, with Carly Fiorina as a close 2nd 
Serena Tops Venus at U.S. Open: Serena Williams squeaked by Venus in the U.S. Open quarterfinals on Tuesday ev... 
Adios Jim Calhoun - the coach with the most NCAA Tournament wins that didn't coach at UNC or Duke (4th when you add those schools). 
#DailyRush Because you haven't heard Caitlyn Jenner's doorbell since Friday *Ding Dong* 
Em is better at painting a picture with his words.and thats just my opinion..cuz ppl view Kendrick's 1st album as a story..and I don't. 
"Being as though I'm a teenager it's saddening to be at my breaking point already with these ""Christians"" as well. 
Tomorrow night! Halloween Meltdown with NERO DJ set at HAMMERSTEIN BALLROOM at Manhattan Center with GBH Events!... 
"RT @user Remember that Janet Devlin girl on tonight's X Factor, the 'obviously in the final 12' one? She has a Youtube chann ..." 
"Good finish from Kane, may not rate him that highly but he still scores" 
The Sun are today reporting that Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has given the green light for Roberto Di Matteo... 
'Amy Schumer' appeared on Monday 30 at the 13th place in the Top20 of Los Angeles's Trends: #trndnl 
No mention that Thatcher Blair and major also talked to the IRA or else no good Friday agreement #bbcqt 
Brock Lesnar has been announced for the October 3rd #WWE live event in New York City. @user  @user 
Watching the 1st season of Army Wives 
@user If you are the same age as Mick Jagger than may I say you 
@user I saw the drummer from Frankie and the Heartstrings in town on Saturday. 
tomorrow is my last day as a full time shift lead at Dunkin. so I'm getting waterproof mascara. because there'll probably be water works. 
"Brain cells, good ass intro, Israel, the list continues  
How long b4 the town houses on 7th Ave. Nd MLK get power back on?? @user 
"This weekend, Time Warner Cable Sports (Channel 50) will be broadcasting Friday night, the Class AA semifinal, Schenectady at Shaker." 
Drew Peterson may be convicted, but there is still conflict going on #whenwillitend #localnews #chicago 
So @user how many different ppl on the FB sendin these Tom Brady memes and are you faking a reaction like its the 1st time u saw it? 
End (the myth of) rape culture.  Kurt Cobain may have written "Rape Me" as an anti-rape protest song, but... 
ABL update: Singapore Slingers leading over PH Patriots, 32-25, in the 2nd qtr 
@user - 1st you're on Twitter so you must be real, 2nd how did you not get @ God, 3rd why is Big Brother set to record on my DVR?" 
"I start school tomorrow and I'm here watching Kanye rant, Miley and Nicki go at it and Tori Kelly blow the roof out of the #VMAs" 
"DTN Brazil: 'Paper Towns' and 21 other books to read before you see the movie: On Friday, ""Paper Towns"" premie... 
Joe Kelly wins his 7th straight start; Red Sox beat Phillies!  Is Kelly the Sox best starter?  
RT @user MTA says it may close city subway if hurricane #Irene packs too big a punch.   
On August 3rd, Bobby Jindal cancelled his state's contract with Planned Parenthood.  The people, under Satanic... 
@user listen to J Cole - Black Friday , till the very end. He hints it. &amp; Kendrick - Black Friday too." 
@user Rumour has it the Nokia N9 is coming to 3 in September? True? 
I wish they'd make Memorial Day and Labor Day on Fridays....no real difference, but having a Friday off seems so much better than a Monday. 
Edinburgh Derby at Tynie put back 24 hours to 3rd January with a 7:45 ko. 
Today in santa fe was the first time ii had seen someone use an ipad as a camera..it looked a little weird. 
@user i dont know if saudi arabia is a still 3rd world, we're in an awkward phase right now. it would be alright if it was secularist." 
I just hope the Gazans will realize that Israel is their friend and their gov't is their enemy! 
ok just remembered a few hours ago that the Ed Sheeran concert is tomorrow and Charles is in town to go with me 
COOL OUT MONDAYS goes down tomorrow night at the Gin Mill... 10-2 grown folks only!! 
"In spite of claims by George Osborne to be fixing the roof whilst the sun is shining, structural weaknesses persist - 
"Sam Smith on Bond rumors in July: ""Definitely not"" and ""I have no idea what's going on.""  Today:  
Teacher: make sure you prep for your essay tomorrow  Me: *goes home and looks up "big words " on Google 
@user you may say oh it is August 29 Liam from One Direction's birthday but no it's also Michael Jackson birthday 
She said she was gone stand in line to get my Concords in December ! 
"John Stewart, assists Seth Rollins for the win over Cena in an angle that will be poorly executed this Monday night on #RAW #SummerSlam" 
If we do not qualify for the next round of the ucl we better finish 4th in the group..Europa league is a no 
I just saw a commercial that said Jurassic World opens Friday, am I missing something here? 
Price: I’d take Vitali fight: David Price says he would fight Vitali K... CLICK-1st-LINK! 2WIN 
"what happened at the concert, anything momentous. how was 18, lilo fights, niall's dancing ??c'mon give me the details" 
Great drink specials this Saturday as Mizzou looks for the upset over Florida. Former Mizzou WR Brian Wheller... 
@user Calling Kofi Annan right now....hang in there, it's Friday.  Oopsie, it's half-term Friday....scratch that." 
"Zain Javadd ""Zayn"" Malik born 12 January 1993) is an English singer and songwriter, and a former member of the boy band One Direction-" 
"The fact that I just read November 9 yesterday, and haven't listened to The Vamps, 5sos, adele and" 
If you are at the Rampage game DM me I may be able to get you in our suite. 
@user Yes, something from Sunday Guardian was being disclosed, that got interrupted by the chorus on Yakub. If we can have them now.." 
@user Megatron listed as doubtful and is benched by Lowe! But Arian Foster scores big Thursday night to give the pigeons a start!! 
Selfishly need a good Hutch outing. Anything less may mess with rotation &amp; the perfectly planned-out David Price start in LA next Friday. 
I wanted a performance of Bad Blood in like May. I want Wildest Dreams at the VMAs. 
How it's already Wednesday when it was Labor Day like yesterday tf Bruh life needs to chill. 
John cena and the primetime players vs the The new day members Big E and Kofi Kingston and Seth Rollins now on wwe monday night raw 9/7/2015 
Price: I’d take Vitali fight: David Price says he would fight Vitali Klitschko tomorrow - but admits it ... #sports 
Who's gonna be the 3rd Shield member? Eric Rowen? Samoa Joe? Seth Rollins? (Impossible but I would still mark out!) #RAW 
Sam Smith Records ''Writing's on the Wall'' for Spectre: It's official! Sony Pictures Entertainment confirmed Tuesday that Sam Smith ... 
@user heard Kicker Gould is on show tomorrow, can you ask if he was happy being drafted by Patriots, & did he want to stay w/pats? 
Janet Jackson cut a low-key figure as she touched down at LAX airport on Tuesday while flanked by a mass of security guards. She is set to 
I tell you what the RKO that randy orton drops tomorrow night better be the sickest thing since wrestlemania 
"when i worked at NYU my gay italian boss would leave on fridays before 3-day weekends and say ""see you next tuesday!"" to every one of us" 
Why do I have to go down to Leeds tomorrow to do some Intel training when I could just go to digi and have 1 or maybe 10/15 vodkas 
Donald Trump took a jab Wednesday at Jeb Bush for using Spanish to dismiss the mogul's conservative credibility. 
@user #idowhatican but tomorrow is just a quickish trip. The real shopping day with be at rosedale. #wewillmakeadate 
@user It's on Madonna's Facebook page hun. If you don't have Facebook it's also here 
@user We usually get President’s Day in February before 2 wks for Spring Break in March. That’ll be it til May 31 for Summer Break. 
@user What you doing tomorrow? Im trying to find plans to get out of going Plymouth w/ parents 
"Lions taken back to den for repairs: IF YOU follow the Pride In Bournemouth trail today, you might be le... #Dorset" 
U2 - Bloody Sunday @user you will kill me for all these tweets;)  
Kanye west is dropping a new album and Kendrick and cole are dropping a collab album. The rest of the rap game may as well give up. 
Still in shock and saddened to hear of Frank Gifford's passing. May one of the great Giants RIP. 
Yesterday I asked Maria where the candy was and sshes like ill get it tomorrow when all the candy is on sale #ghetto #candy 
@user I'm busy tonight, but how about Teengirl Fantasy, Becoming Real and Seams at Corsica on Saturday dude?" 
dj khaled // hold you down ft. chris brown, august alsina, future, jeremih 
the only reason I know who John Cena is is because my bully in 3rd grade wrote his name in sharpie all over her backpack 
@user But Milan lost the cup, will they qualify to Europa league, but the champion is Juventus and they are 3rd in league?" 
@user so excited about Cannibal Corpse, I’ve seen Devildriver twice but this’ll be my 1st time for Corpse. oh and BLACK DAHLIA MURDER! 
It’s on....Wifey and I gonna make the trip from New Mexico for my 30th bday to join the #12thMAN on 12/9/12 to for the AZ game. #Seahawks 
Have to go stand at the apple store like a right dork tomorrow to upgrade my recently purchased ipad3 for the ipad4. Sigh. #1stworldproblems 
If anyone in Melbourne wants 2 VIP tickets to see Katy Perry on Friday the 14th I'm selling them on ebay :) 
"Muslim-Sikh unity is evident in the very core of Sikhism. The 6th Guru of the Sikhs built a mosque for Muslims, now known as Guru Ki Maseed." 
Stagger In grill/bar in Starkville has $10 all you can drink on Thursday nights. Wonder what #TABC would think about that? #SEC #GigEm 
"Twice before the 5th, Red Sox bunt with runners on 1st and 2nd an nobody out.  Take note, Gibbons or the postseason will eat your lunch" 
Glad Kendrick got that album of the year nom but The Weeknd though? C'mon man... #fb 
I found out gucci was coming out with a movie on October 17th so I made a twittta 
Is anyone going to the Vamps on the 16th of December in New York? 
I just started watching AHS on Netflix on Monday and I finished the season just now. I think I have a problem. 
#Trayvon My daily tweet(s) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of Trayvon Martin - killed 236 days ago.~May you Rest in Peace~ (Love to the family) 
Justin #Bieber October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at...: October 2: New photo of Justin with Le... 
Majority of customers in the following areas should be restored by Sunday night: Burton, Chardon, Conneaut, Eastlake, Mayfield Hts, Mentor 
Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charges In Fatal Crash   Yeah he's real courageous alright..... 
"Saturday Night Observation: I'm really surprised Seth Rollins never ""had to"" change his hair style after winning the World Title." 
"Lucas Duda said he will get a second opinion in California on Monday with doctor Robert Watkins, who treated David Wright's stenosis." 
Anyone wanting Roger Sanchez tickets for v-club on the 19th of october get in touch i have coach and entry... 
Fourcade loses his 3rd fumble of the day and Curtis recovers at the Rummel 28.  Curtis back in business 
Wow Nas is replacing Snoop Dogg @user tomorrow. Hell of a get on one day's notice. 
Q1 5:55. Philip Rivers pass to Eddie Royal to the Tennessee 6 for 20 yards. 1st & 6. 
MANTOVA-MILAN ON THURSDAY: Milan to play a friendly at the Martelli Stadium. 
@user @user   14th and He is AFRICAN...he took the game to murray 
Briana is due to give birth on the 4th of January. It will be announced towards the end of February that Louis is not the father. 
"Raissman: Frank Gifford made Monday Night Football work: Gifford, who died Sunday morning of natural causes at age 84, was one of the..." 
Oct 30 its goin down at the CONGRESS THEATER I will be performing along wit MACHINE GUN KELLY!!!! 
Remember this coming Sunday November 4th Daylight Savings Time ends and you get an extra hour of sleep! :) 
Murray's Major QF Streak Ends With US Open Loss to Anderson: Andy Murray's Grand Slam quarterfinals streak ends with 4th-round US Ope... 
@user the 3rd didn't have a sound track by AC/DC 
"A love affair with alliums - Vancouver Sun: A love affair with alliumsVancouver SunAt the Chelsea Flower Show, w... 
When Sarah Palin was tabbed as John McCain's running mate in 2008, the folks at "Saturday Night Live" decided ... 
At a live basketball fantasy draft...sort of. I got the 7th pick. got Melo, Monta Ellis, Iguodala and Ibaka so far 
"I liked a @user video Daniel Bryan engages in a Hulkamania pose-fest with Hulk Hogan: SmackDown, April 11," 
Iowa GOP poll results are here, in 3rd place Jeb Bush with 23%, in 2nd place Donald Trump with 34% and in 1st place is JOHN CENA 
"Hate Ice Cube for Are We There Yet all you want. But he gave us It Was A Good Day,  and all the Friday movies." 
"Super Eagles and leprosy tag 53 rated in the World, serious Work for Sunday Oliseh and his employers." 
@user Friday night lights lol. It's a bit gay at times but I rate it 
Write a review on Google+ for Hires Dental Care between today and August 28 and you'll be entered to win a $50... 
@user @user @user  Alert-1st finish internal enemies(IM, SIMI, CPI-ML) with free hand to IB, NSG, NIA. Learn from Indian History." 
@user are you aware of this Kyary / David Bowie thing? 
Turkish police raid media group critical of Erdogan: Turkish police on Tuesday staged a major swoop on the Ank... 
I rememeber I was an 8th grader & In a while were about to be Jr’s WOW . 
@user @user @user I may be wrong but I think he was at ironman Wales ! 
MILAN, Aug 30 (Reuters) - After losing only three league games last season Juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a 
I know McGregor has been hyped like Rousey &amp; I also know if he loses tomorrow Dana White might stroke out 
"Don't forget to set your clocks back this Saturday before you go to bed! Daylight Savings time ends on Sunday,... 
@user The others are good. Worry about Iran. On the other hand, Muslims like to bomb their own. May be we in luck..." 
"PEREIRA, COLOMBIA - AUGUST 06:  Players of Nigeria walk down the tunnel during the Group D match bet: PEREIRA, C... 
"Wonder how long it will take to find out who won the 5th seat in Brindabella, and who the Chief Minister will be? #actvotes" 
"Monday Night Football is on tonight, right? #NFL #wishfulthinking" 
Apple Watch will Arrive at Best Buy on August 7: This greater availability of the Apple Watch may pla... #AppleTV 
@user  Yup people gone hate you more. But is all okay so long you bet Seth Rollins.  Watch your back this Sunday. 
Is anybody going to TOB on Saturday? 
"PINK FLOYD NIGHT at Creative Alliance tonight! No lazer light show, just 5th L, Ellen Cherry, Members of the... 
David Sedaris at Winspear Opera House on April 23. Buy tickets before they go on sale to the general public tomorrow. 
Tiffany, CNBLUE’s Yonghwa and B2ST’s Kikwang will MC for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert in America on Nov 10: 
It's 4 am and i've just realised that Calibraska is out tomorrow. Oh. 
John Cena v. Jon Stewart: The battle of the Jons (insert Arby's joke here) 
When you remember Iron Maiden's #BookOfSouls album drops this Friday... 
What's hot in Montgomery and Prince George's real estate - Here is just a snapshot of the Maryland real estate mar... 
".@JackAndJackReal ""Calibraska"" official tracklisting the EP will be available July 24th 
The next morning, the 8th of January, after a day and night passed at the corral, Smith and Ayrton returned to Granite House. 
FB: Three runs do the trick for MTSU and they are out to their own 33-yard line. 1st and 10 
Drum stream scheduled for tomorrow postponed til NEXT Saturday on the 3rd of November. Until then, a Diablo III stream! 
"#TBT Newton's 2nd career start came against Green Bay. Where he broke records, and nearly Clay Matthews' ankles... 
Anyone wanna give me a ride to the Jason Aldean concert Friday? 
@user @user @user That law breaks the 14th Amendment, so it is in SCOTUS power to strike it down. 
Anybody wanna go see hotel trannsylvania, frankenweenie, pitch perfect, and that movie with viola davis as a teacher with me tomorrow? 
@user @user Can’t really remember but I think it was Capello’s 2nd and we started with 9 or 10 wins and ended with Chimenti 
@user have you noticed Rob McKenna looks exactly like the principle/April’s Husband from Eastbound and Down? 
#Auspol Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard’s criminal history and her hypocrisy with WikiLeaks and Julian Assange 
Sunday Brunch: Thanksgiving Leftovers Eggs Benedict: Editor's note: Each Saturday morning we bring you a Sunday ... 
"From possessed nuns tonight to the Twilight of the gods tomorrow. Time for bed. Good night, bonne nuit, bona nit, gute Nacht" 
Brock Lesnar will face Big Show at the WWE Network special event at Madison Square Garden on October 3rd.  -Ashley 
Dont worry Congress will go on dharna tomorrow because they were talking about justice in Yakub case too.  
"Eden Hazard on the bench for the Blues ahead of United saturday, no English team has ever won in Donetsk" 
Luiz Adriano (Shakhtar) scores his 5th goal of the evening and equals Messi's record of most goals by a single player in a UCL match 
@user shawn's tomorrow the jacks are Wednesday, jack and jack are already here tho and most likely at their hotel n shawn was on-" 
It was through a 3rd party seller, which I thought to be a trustworthy company as to why I bought it. So hoping Amazon can help me out here 
Thursday's just aren't the same without Naruto 
@user Seeing England play for the first time when I went to them play the Barbarians at Twickenham in May 
listening to Calibraska tomorrow for i have a 5 hour car ride so i should learn all the lyrics by then @user @user 
Last weekend for Star Wars Weekends. Haven't been back since the first night. Need to go tomorrow to experience more than Hoopla/Carbonite. 
Thinking I should go to the Foo Fighters concert tonight. Couldn't see them this past Wednesday. What to do 
Leeds United take to the field against Valletta of Malta in Uefa Cup 1st Rnd 1st Leg 19/9/1979!!! 
"Samsung SCH-S759 with Windows Phone gets Wi-Fi, Bluetooth certified, may be headed to China Telecom 
"has posted You Tube vid of Vettel speech from Awards Sunday night, but they've edited out the Jean Todt impersonation.." 
Gucci host she self-reliance july dangle the span thine noteworthy inflooding access in consideration of exper... 
"Step out into the sun Skies above they radiate me Lift up, carry the love Do you know? #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
"#LGBTNews I am Cait: Sharing My Story with Caitlyn Jenner - Last night on I Am Cait, you may have noticed a few HR... 
Np-let's go @user Harris fr @user All watched some @user live performers in Eko hotel last Friday. Alway feed with energy. Ooohhhh 
"""""@ManUtd720: SAF: """"Obviously, we’ll make changes for Wednesday. The squad that played against NUFC will be in place again."""" @user 
Just realizing Bankroll Fresh had the 3rd verse on Gucci song Shooter . 
Full video of my Kpop prod number last Saturday at the SM MOA Center Stage for KCC's 2015 Pinoy K- 
@user can you pay on the gate on Saturday at Bolton or not? 
"Thursday night football will effect some areas, click on the link below it will show the times of Big Brother in... 
Hopefully Shaqiri is too knackered from tonight to give Arsenal many problems on Saturday 
Once you've finished reading Go Set a Watchman you should come along to our discussion group in store at 6:30pm on July 29th. #GSAW 
Listening to that Kanye West was like staring at the sun... for a bit too long. 
"Do not think Modi is the target for Yakub drama. We may not like #AdarshLiberal lawyers like PB, but those few r smart. Ample effort 1/2" 
"""""Twinkle Toes D"""" Really, Laurin? That’s why you’re just my 2nd favorite Lolo Jones." 
Paul Dunne looked embarrassed after that round and to be at the top of the leaderboard as an amateur! Good luck for tomorrow! #TheOpen2015 
"The Wisconsin 14 Fought for You, Now it's Time to Fight for Them! Vote Holperin & Wirch This Tuesday, August 16th! #WIunion #wirecall #p2" 
[Alabama Live] LSU’s Les Miles discusses Saturday’s showdown with Alabama (video) #LSU 
"Once NH Repubs got to know Scott Walker, his support tanked. Watch for that to spread across the country.  : )  @user 
"I'm still laughing that when Paper Towns ended me, Liv, and Anna were all just sat having an existential crisis fuck sake" 
"1st time I'm following a GOP presidential primary closely. Doing it now because of WI's infamous governor and probable felon, Scott Walker." 
If you coming to my house Saturday in the morning you aren't coming back lol I'm going to Knott's 
@user @user @user  I've gotta admit I'm not too sure yet about Kane mysen... Got a lot to live up to after that 1st season 
@user "Harper" looks tired. Do you ever sleep? Then again, I should be too. I have to get up early tomorrow. 
Monday: Mercia Monday  Tuesday: Disney takeover day Wednesday: Crazy hair&amp;sock day(activity day) Thursday: Halloween day  Friday: Spirit day 
@user Hi Craig, we run an 'NFL Sunday Quickie' which covers just the NFL games on a Sunday. It's open on the site now!" 
David Wright went 3-for-4 and played full game at third base for St. Lucie tonight. Due to be activated Monday. 
So it's totally possible Rousey wins quickly in November (as usual) then headlines the Vegas January 2nd card. @user 
"damn Kendrick running the rap game, Cole a close 2nd tho" 
Weird News - Pictures of the day: 7 September 2015: Donald Trump street art, the Cascamorras festival and 6,77... 
#RUGBY: Danny Care will start the final Test against South Africa on Saturday in a much-changed England team.... 
Turkey's Erdogan fights for his throne by battling Kurds: Turkey went to the polls on June 7, but a new govern...  
Chief Justice of India says he will constitute a bench to hear tomorrow Yakub's plea against death warrant @user @user 
@user reveals Super Eagles will take on the Mena of Niger in an international friendly match in PH on Tuesday September 8th. 
Knicks vs Celtics oct. 20 at the times union.... #Bethere 
@user Gay couldn't get it to Rodgers. China rallied for 3rd. 
@user Wat time PST or P.M. pacific does the summer oatch launch tomorrow on PS4? 
More like Chris Brown in Feb. '09 RT @user Y'all treat me like Elvis Presley in the 50's. 
tomorrow it's Summerslam and I'm ready for the show down between Brock lesnar and the undertaken 
Trucking tomorrow in Sylvia my Scania...hope this wind dies down a bit or it could be a bit tricky on the A66 tops... #girlytrucker 
"Real Madrid first bid for DDG, was on monday shows dy neva want him seriously and dy sign some players and leave DDG late @user 
SPC is bring Giuliana and Bill Rancic for Breast Cancer Awareness month on October 30th in the GC Ballrooms for a FREE event! Check out... 
NBA league pass till the 6th 
Like and share this if you want the mcpe 0.12.0 update on ios tomorrow #0.12.0 #ios #minecraft 
NEWS To mark Prince George's 2nd birthday a new photo has been released of the toddler &amp; Prince William today 
Watch Monday Night Football tonight (& pre-game festivities) on ESPN.  I'm in the intro with Hank Williams Jr.  Starts at 6pm EST. I will.. 
@user hoping i'm close for Lolla to give you a camera for #ALMfancam bc there's no way i can be early/ miss Paul McCartney on Friday 
@user Yakub may have been sent back by ISI with Bag full of evidence with the help of some double agents in RAW 
US Open: Anderson ends Murray's hope, Federer, Wawrinka rolls on: New York, Sept 8 : Kevin Anderson, the world... 
Drew Doughty, Jeff Carter To Receive Heroes Welcome Thursday: London’s streak as the city of champions will continue... 
Caitlyn Jenner and Kris Jenner came face to face in public for the first time Friday night and it was all to... 
nicki sat on a throne made of men. swift sang with nicki (cause it was nicki's show shut up). nicki dragged miley. nicki won. 
Today's iPhone 6S event: Start time, where to watch the live blog and how to stream 
Lloyd Robertson ended show with mention of his plaque from Stratford today. Joked that Bieber didn't get there 1st. #bieberbestedagain 
5th ward bout to run nitemoves tonight 
It was a jab at Donald Trump, but they both have a D, an N, an A and an R in their names so I get the NYT confusion. 
"#redsox Over the Mon Daily Red Sox Links: Jose Iglesias, Ryan Lavarnway, Will Middlebrooks: Right now, the Red S... 
Jean Dujardin on Saturday Night Live dancing with Zooey Deschanel and Kristen Wiig! Holy. Frigging. Crap. #MindBlowing 
@user too bad he's at Chelsea and may not get enough play time. An Italian or French team needs to get that boy. 
"May You hear the supplications of Your servant and of Your people Israel, which they shall pray in this place. II... 
@user you gonna be in Tallahassee tomorrow?? Need to know if I need to get tix to the show 
"Luxury&gt; Watch: Jennifer Lawrence, Amy Schumer May Grace the Red Carpet in Same Dress &gt; La-- #VIP" 
"NetNewsLedger Last Friday Night: Katy Perry Cover Show Encore Performance, Friday, September 11 at the Foundry... 
Sunday column: Give us back the real Scott Walker: 
@user @user  People playing it already on PS3 or PS4, may still be using @user 4: Community Test Environment (BF4:CTE)." 
 ICYMI : Christopher Carter and I break down how the #Steelers defense should attack Tom Brady on Thursday night. 
"Real Madrid were offered Alberto Moreno on Spanish transfer deadline day (31 August), but Benitez ruled out his arrival. ( AS )" 
"Tiger Memon - Yakub, it's your birthday on 30 Jul, so what's the plan? #YakubMemon - Nothing, just hanging around!!   #PoliticsOverTerror" 
@user may be able to find out same info with Google 
He will not leave during the season.. You Real Madrid fans won't give it up lmao 
Google Expands Android Wear Smartwatch Platform to iOS -  Google on Monday rolled out Android Wear smartwatch harmony with ... 
"Christian &amp; Kane are ready on the Boom lounge at the @user you may even catch the MKR girls around, say hi 
"Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 10 
Off to St. John’s to help coach the girls softball team! Iqaluit on Wednesday #lastweekendhome 
Just filled out my Home Depot Application....Matteson, Alsip, Orland Park, Homewood, & Cal City now I need to make moves that way tomorrow. 
7pts 4 assts for Harden in the 1st quarter... Him and Lin gon play aight together 
Netflix it is on this Friday night. 
Might be going to the Seaholm powderpuff tomorrow 
Dongwoo had a stash of bubblewrap in his bedroom & stopped Gyu from throwing it out coz he ’wasn’t done popping it yet’? LMAO! New 2nd bias! 
"Bagi para penggemar ane, jan lupa tonton Naruto the Movie 1: Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow :v dijamin tersepona ama gua disana :v #Sasuke" 
I would do almost anything to not have to take the SATs tomorrow 
@user Seems to me like the Spurs gotta be careful because once Kane's contract runs out he may leave 
"Sophos commentary on the latest Patch Tuesday, including links to the various SophosLabs vulnerability assessment pages:http://t.co/wfsIhrQk" 
"i feel really compelled to write some oct 3rd fanfic where Aaron Samuels' dies on oct 3rd and his last words are """"What day is it?""""" 
"Don't forget about Daylight savings time!   Daylight savings time ends on Sunday November 4th, at 2:00 AM. The... 
Just for one day Live DAVID BOWIE Tribute LIVE IN DE MAATSCHAPPIJ DEZE DONDERDAG 10 Dec Vanaf 21.00 uur Met... 
Opening Night Warriors vs. Suns: Second Half Game Thread:    0:00 remaining in the 2nd  1 2 3 4 Total  Golden St... 
WOW. RT @user WR Titus Young is the only one of the Lions top three picks in April still standing. 
"If anyone is going to the Jason Aldean concert Friday night, please DM. Me and Gabe Foust need a ride." 
"My Bench would be. 6th man Seth Rollins. Chris Jericho. Brock Lesnar. Ric Flair, and.... John Cena... just kidding. NOT CENA. xD" 
@user I think that was in Luton. It was an EDL march. They're obsessed with Islam. 
"Once March Break is over I want it to be Summer Break, then once that's over I want it to be Christmas break." 
Iran is about to start selling oil that may cost just $1 a barrel - Read at Business Insider: nice 
"Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh spoke to journalists in Lagos on Monday, on why he took the Eagles job and his... 
Starting to make David Beckham and James Bond look uncool. 
[PAGASA] 6:39AM Intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of Negros, Cebu & Bohol may persist for the next... 
Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose may need to recruit Brock Lesnar to take out the Wyatts #RAW 
I'm freezing my butt off at the drive ins to watch Jurassic Park for the 3rd time 
@user Dutch Uncles obviously ’crept up on you’ more than u realise ’Dutch Uncles’ LP on Tapete pre dated Cadenza... are on 3rd now! 
What time is the Apple announment tomorrow? I didn't feel like going all that in Google.... 
If there were a category for best drunk acting in the Oscars, this 21st birthday girl might edge out Mary Elizabeth Winstead. #magicmike 
Tegan and Sara @ the BOK Monday night. #TeganAndSara #RockTheBok 
@user That photo was taken on January 7th of this year, shortly after the attack on Charlie Hebdo. Don't spread misinformation." 
Do I want to see gay rugby players strip tomorrow?*strokes... beard* 
Nigeria reports Boko Haram arrests: Nigeria's security agency said on Sunday it had made significant breakthro... 
@user looks like we may sell Borg to either Fenerbahce, Galatasaray, or Besiktas they are all interested knowing that if he" 
@user @user you  ""apparently"" saw Miss America n Alex getn wed. Isn’t this correct?? C’mon psychic? Speak?" 
"The markets have stabilised but the risks to our recovery remain significant, whatever George Osborne may say 
"Just as it becomes 5-1 Red Sox, Arod hits his 29th HR, now 4-3 Baltimore. #bluejays" 
Donald Trump defends Kanye West from his haters: As soon as Kanye West announced he'd run for President on Sun... 
Undertaker has words for Brock Lesnar on tonight's #RAW - Results: 
Rick Perry may be able to pay his staffers again, but he's still propped up by super PAC billionaires. 
is it just me or he looks like David Beckham? 
Explore the work of Jeff Carter - a writer, photographer, chronicler of life in the bush. Coming up on Artscape, Aug 14 
@user @user Apple isn't done creating the iPhone 6s.. They do that Tuesday. I'm sure they have priorities. 
#justinbieber October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at...: October 2: New photo of Justin with Len... 
@user lonely star life of the party thursday the zone the birds part 1 and 2  gone rolling stone and heaven or las vegas 4 years old 
@user am I to understand that you, as weather experts, are saying that 'Sharknado' may be based on science that is not 100% sound?" 
"On Monday, the Christians stood on the grass and sang ""I am a Child of God."" The marriage equality activists... 
wish I can meet her on the 31st but I am going to digi 
Ryan Braun drives double off CF fence with one down in 8th. Just missed 250th career HR. 
I’m going to Level 42 at Sentrum Scene in Oslo, Norway - Nov 2 
@user I tweeted the exact same pic on Saturday lol; was down there for the Patriots game 
Looking for ladies to travel to the Everglades and Key West in February! Warm weather and Rum Runners..... 
The Blazers aint shit tho lmao wait for the Hawks game tomorrow 
SAT Prep. @user backing the @user is like @user : backing Ryan Braun. #SpyGate #deflategate 
View from the Brooklyn bridge at night  
PRIMAVERA FIXTURE LIST - Milan Primavera begin their campaign on August 25th at Cesena and end it on April 27th at S... 
Gay marriage in focus as Faroe Islands votes: Faroe Islanders headed to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new pa... 
The scene when Ice Cube raps @ the club for the 1st time. Man. 
"The new series of Celebrity Big Brother will kick off on Thursday, August 27th, and as you're sure to be aware by... 
Video: 5 things to know ahead of Milan-Hellas Verona: Milan continue the 2015/2016 season on Sunday afternoon ... 
There's no love lost btw them but Angela Merkel will present the biography of her predecessor Gerhard Schroeder on Sept 22, @user reports 
calum tweeted the lyrics back in march and now we're just finding out... he once tweeted nirvana lyrics can we expect an in bloom cover pls 
@user KLUB ACE!!! Klub ACE !!!!   This SATURDAY!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30...South after Party 
Hear @user and I talk about Batman and Bond, @user movie moves and Force Friday on a brand new FAT MAN! 
@user They're working fine on my part. It may have to do with the weening off of Google+ 
To stand a chance of winning tickets to this VIP Private Red Carpet screening, visit the Centre Court on Friday or... 
[TV] Reluctant Persuaders (BBC Radio 4) Tue, Sep 15, 6:30 PM Comedy by Edward Rowett set in Hardacres, the worst advertising agency in Lon.. 
Ok maybe I'll paint my nails tomorrow  jk I'll probably end up doing my Naruto art all day 
Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh calls up 23 players from the #GloNPFL for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier... 
#KOT Free Ads to #getfound online &gt;&gt; Meet the Kenyan lady who may cost Chelsea... 
Did you hear about this? Ricky Gervais and Ed Sheeran may team up for 'Free Love Freeway' duet 
David Wright should play tonight and tomorrow with St. Lucie. Wright will be off on Sunday. He will rejoin the Mets on Monday. 
@user you may already be aware, but Alan Rickman is in a film called Gambit that’s coming out soon. 
"Modric celebrates 30th birthday: The Croatian player is in his fourth season at Real Madrid, where he has alre... 
@user @user @user My Mate @user hit a hole in one on the 15th! What is ur best score around Lough Erne?? 
"What does it take to be an entrepreneur? Find out from Friars in Fashion tomorrow, THU, 4pm, Bowab in Smith Center 
"When all humans have eventually died out and the next race of life inhabit the planet, David Bowie will just be sat on his throne, laughing." 
The constant drip drip of Hilary's email scandal continues as Joe Biden waits in the wings Hilary's campaign days may indeed be numbered! 
Sophia Grace and Rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career (it’s their 1st anniversary on... 
"Friday's Dinner Special: Copper River Salmon! Seasoned, Grilled Salmon topped with Lemon Butter! Served with... 
@user Because I went to my 1st match when I was 4? My last match was the Carling Cup Final. #DDLiverpool   
@user when will your 2013 dates at the MGM Grand will be released? I wanna meet you for my 30th birthday on March 10th! #Bucketlist 
"Final Reports: Ravens vs. Steelers: Tomorrow at 1pm, the regular season begins for the Steelers when they face o... 
@user @user ?Regardless of your position,protocol should be followed in all SCOTUS decisions.Next time it may be one you don't like 
"Hey folks! Come relax and play at Threshold, an after-party I am holding the evening of Folsom Sunday, Sept 23rd: 
Better ward off the Christians that may or may not follow me 
"Meaning this form is from publicrecord, in which it says Rahul Gandhi is a British National 
Members going to Chelsea or Leic away can collect their tickets from Seanzi as of Fri 11am or Sat v Stoke 
Anyone want to chat philosophy &amp; training on Google+ OnAir tomorrow? @user @user @user @user @user ? 
"When i see this i remember Laurel. So,look at this Nirvana t-shirt!  Maybe it might be May. @user 
We are presenting at the MRWA’s annual Trifecta on Sept 12 in Northfield, MA. Stop by the booth and see Utility Cloud in action! 
Saturday saw the 1st XI win and go joint top on points with Lechlade. 2nds and 3rds both abandoned! #fb 
Last day on our Disney Premier Annual Passes. Gonna get different APs tomorrow. The Premier AP is too much hassle when we go to Disneyland. 
"2 Million ppl tuned in on avg for the @user game Fri, 3.1 million @ the peak, @user don't tell me there's no $ to resign David Price!" 
News on Brock Lesnar at a live event which may air on the WWE Network  Details :... 
"Open at 6pm tonight, 1pm Sat &amp; 6pm Sunday - now, where's my Red Bull?? @user #NeedEnergy" 
another week. C. wants to take him to a gay bar. Assistant points out that he may find a girlfriend. Or a boyfriend. Whatever. 
Anyone going to volleyball game tomorrow? 
If A&M goes 9-3 and Texas goes 9-3, they actually might meet up in the cotton bowl in January 
@user Russell u beat me 2 it lol I was gonna tweet about the Classical Brit Awards being on this Sunday xxxxxxx 
"Dunkin' Donuts on #Yelp: Sunday, shades, DD coffee and playtime under the Florida palms. 
Still lying around in bed not fixing my things for bootcamp tomorrow! (Attn @user will you be there tomorrow?) 
"If a book's tag-line is ""Better Than Twilight"", the bar isn't set very high, so you may as well say the book is ""Mediocre""." 
Careful how you set out your front page! Unless famous mother of Harry potter is a Jihadi 
@user Can I get hooked with tickets from you for the Jason Aldean in Bristow, VA Jiffy Lube Live? Can we Burn It Down in VA Sept 12" 
"Brisfest brings live music and the festival spirit back to #Bristol on 22 &amp; 23 Sept. De La Soul, Roni Size &amp; loads more 
@user there we go. I was merely asking you are question. Anyway, Islam is not to be used for political angling. May Allah Guide us all" 
Keuchel strikes out the side in the 6th....only Josh Hamilton has failed to K against the lefty...Astros lead 5-0 #Astros #MLB 
"Last time I hit so hard, so glad Sam Smith was with me. Now for the 2nd time,  I fell &amp; weeped, so swerte coz Jessie Ware was crying with me" 
"It's Labor Day, and Scott Walker has dipped all the way to 7th in the GOP race. Hey alright." 
"#FX NEW YORK, Oct 18 (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve provided $4.701 billion of liquidity to the ... #EUR #AUD #CAD" 
Just wondering: 4 more Senators voted for the Iran deal today, Obama doesn't even need to veto, why is there a rally against it tomorrow? 
@user hey hey, just checkng to see if you or @user had any interest in Sam Smith tickets for cheap. Show is Saturday @ erwin center" 
GOP candidate Scott Walker wants to make a wall between canada and the U.S. Good luck making that wall between Nov and March. 
"Tom Brady breaks deflategate silence, announces August 3rd as birthday and asks that you, ""like me,"" on Facebook..." 
Who wants to pregame the Donald trump rally on Wednesday 
"Total rainfall @ BDR since September 1 is 7.64"""" which is more than double the normal (3.72"""") through the same period." 
@user ... make huge sacrifices. Croke Park is the 3rd largest stadium in Europe. Ed Sheeran concerts were there recently. 
@user Are you available to play Sunday in the President’s Day game? 
A snapshot of Monsanto's share price vs. S&amp;P 500 for the last 6 months. MON down almost 15% over 52 weeks. S&amp;P 500 up 
"Same for the US, UK, Saudi Arabia, etc... let's not forget any of them. 
Serena has no mercy for her sister . 6-3 on the 3rd set and match #USOpen 
"Praise the sun, Dark Souls 3 stress test sign-ups are open 
@user if I buy you a ticket to Ed Sheeran in Dallas on September 5th, will you go with me" 
"December 12 - Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney visited the restaurant ""Sadelle's"" in New York City.  Lady Gaga  
Dana White Says the Ronda Rousey/Holly Holm Rematch Will Likely Take Place at UFC 200 in July 
"October 27, completes the its 61 years Kenneth """"KK"""" Downing Jr., Guitarist in the British heavy metal band JUDAS PRIEST 
"Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah Monday said that he would discuss the issue of providing security to panchayat... 
Carly Fiorina fails to understand our 1st Amendment Freedom of Religion goes with us everywhere.  In an interview... 
"Oct 6 will be Ghoncheh Ghavami's 100th day in prison,support @user and sign 500K strong @user petition 
@user @user @user @user Celebrity Juice on tonight!!! #bangtidy 
Q98 Presents: DETHKLOK with MACHINE HEAD, ALL THAT REMAINS, and BLACK DAHLIA MURDER! TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13TH AT... 
We closing out the Knicks tomorrow 
Conor McGregor and Urijah Faber will be the next coaches for The Ultimate Fighter reality show. September 9th. 
"If the White Sox can push one more run across the plate before CLE scores, it'll be 4th consecutive game they've jumped out to a 3-0 lead." 
Another Saturday at the office! Leaving soon though    it’s cold in here! (@ Kinder Morgan (Former El Paso Corp.)) 
My worst day was my mom finding my 8th Grade iPod. Reading the band names was like reading charges at a trial. An indictment of my bad taste 
Conor McGregor's reaction to swirling Jose Aldo injury news: "See you all on July 11th" #MMA 
Conor McGregor - UFC 194  Packages to Las Vegas this December  Any day, Any duration Now Available!  Call our... 
...Yakub may well deserve the finding of guilt. The courts may well have rendered the correct judgments in the... 
@user just read a politico article about who donald trump's running mate might be. Tom Brady was 2nd on their list of likely choices. 
World Bank to lend to Burma for the 1st time in 25 years - BBC News #Burma 
"WWE Raw Preview (7 September Taping): Seth Rollins's Feud with John Cena, Sting to be in Focus? 
@user wait are you going to the game tomorrow for Reagan 
"Tax inspectors on 'Halloween duty' in and outside Rome: (AGI) - Rome, Nov. 1 - In conjunction with last night's ... 
After Labor day its hot coffee till May 
Sunanda Pushkar's son Shiv Pushkar Menon on Saturday asked the Delhi Police to conclude the inquiry into his mother's death expeditiously... 
Stick with Libero for live updates from the games tomorrow: Feyenoord vs Ajax and Bayern Munich vs Bayer Leverkusen 
Jindal on Clinton emails: 'Orange really is the new black': Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Wednesday mocked Hi... 
Ricky Gervais invites Ed Sheeran to cover David Brent song - Ed Sheeran may team up with Ricky Gervais for a new c... 
David Wright expected to return to the #Mets tomorrow.   Wright has been out since late-April with hamstring and... 
@user @user No Thanksgiving break?? We have the week off! He may not like U2, but he is supportive of the obsession!" 
I've been asked to inform you that this was a joke and I definitely haven't had a copy of Frank Ocean's album since July 15. It's not true. 
musicality / Sam smith - I've told you now trying to create new choreo. may i tatry ako sa september 1. 
Sharknado wipes out congress and the Washington Monument and gives the white house a new sun roof. 
LSU football seeks payback vs. Alabama in game with far-reaching implications - Chicago Sun - 
"KUALA LUMPUR -- The long-haul arm of budget carrier AirAsia said Monday it would suspend operations to Iran, cit ...  
"Check out RNDM (Jeff Ament of Pearl Jam, Joseph Arthur &amp; Richard Stuverud) this Sunday at the Fox Theatre in Boulder. 
Some of yall should stay away from the Gucci foams tomorrow. 
Galaxy tune up for Whitecaps; Sounders fall to 3rd: Mike Magee scored on a pass from Robbie Keane in the 83rd mi... 
Sen. Schumer to announce Wednesday the winners of tickets to see Pope 
"2.0 launches to tomorrow and the download sizes are quite big, 18GB on both Xbox One and PS4." 
We're live with the 1st episode of I Hate (Myself) Mondays. Each week we play Bloodborne or Dark Souls... and weep. 
@user @user thats what we say every year. Anyway, I can't see both Milan &amp; Juve fighting for the 3rd place." 
I need someone to come see Ed Sheeran with me this Saturday in Dallas 
"SM: Sold out derby?: With days still to go before the kick off Sunday evening between Inter and Milan, it is o... 
WWE : Fan enters the picture and surprise Seth Rollins on Monday Night RAW 
Joyful Noise gathers Wednesday nights at 7 PM in the sanctuary. Come and sing with friends! 
E L James is writing a 4th book to the fifty shades series! it will be out before christmas :) 
@user @user they may have looked at the movie Collateral Damage , Curtis and Neri the villeins" 
"RT @user Verlander's strikeout of Mitch Maier in 6th inn. at KC is the 1,151st of his Tigers career, moving into 9th place all ..." 
1pm August 16th Live stream + Duels with miley. :) Be prepared! 
B-CU Fans: A live video stream of Saturday’s football game vs. Morgan State will be available at the following link... 
@user Oh c’mon. Theres like two whole weeks between the SuperBowl and the Daytona 500. That’s all the quality time I have to offer. 
Amazon: Extra Strength Hair Nutrient Tablets, 60-Tablets (Packaging May Vary) by Viviscal  649 days in the top 1... 
LinkedIn Events: A Celebration for the Performing Arts in Television Film Theatre & Fashion November 24th 2012 Room 43 1039 e 43rd St. 
"The current Celebrity Big Brother series may well have been the least watced, but the MarkMeets tea... Movie News" 
My preview of the Western &amp; Southern Open final on Sunday between Djokovic and Federer for @user 
"Tripping the Live Fantastic by Paul McCartney (CD, Nov-1990, 2 Discs, Capitol) 
The Clown has broken the record and become the 1st film to win 12 Brazilian Academy Awards yesterday. 
"Online Assoc with the 24th pick.... Jrue Holiday, Gerald Green, Jeff Green, Ibaka, Greg Oden" 
There's one difference here. HHH was never Ric Flair's bitch.  This Sunday. I'm going to make you mine.  SIGNED. MIC DROP. SPOT ON. #RAW 
I have to pay attention what to ask the Universe: Tomorrow starting a course on Astrology and its Antroposophical interpretations. :-o 
Ready for the long drive to the Boro tomorrow! If you are a past or present GSU student, you better be at Paulson on Sat! #BeatAppState #GSU 
Game On! will be the theme for the 2013 San Diego County Fair via @user 
On the show now, TSU HC Rod Reed, his Tigers take on Murray State on Saturday.  TSU is 8-1 (4-1 in the ovc) 
@user Iron Maiden's new CD features a song about the R101 crash. No word yet if Charley or The 8th Doctor is mentioned. #StormWarning 
#MLB #Cubs Kris Bryant will not be in the starting lineup for Thursday's game vs Milwaukee. 
I wonder will sting get back an Seth Rollins mind like the in Monday night raw #sting 
@user Do you think it knows that in a couple of hours it may be one step closer to obsolescence (and outpaced by a giant iPad at that) 
@user @user some people go trick-or-treating but not many. We have Australia Day on Jan 26, the Queen’s Bday, Boxing day... 
Dustin Johnson with his traditional Sunday meltdown at a major #bottleless 
The Oscars nominations are going to be announced on a Thursday, at 1.30 pm. I guess I’ll have to be late for Math class... :D 
"https://t.co/ozTi5f5eFe Top Gear to return in the spring, says Chris Evans #ChrisEvans" 
"Dustin Johnson wants the chance to ""get it done"" on Sunday at the USPGA Championship [Getty] 
Late Halloween party next saturday & going as Thriller Michael Jackson, is it to controversial to hold a baby doll too? 
If Donald Trump expects to keep his lead he may want to head on down to Kentucky and STAND behind Kim Davis. I... 
"I may not like the Seahawks as a team, but Russell Wilson is the real deal when it comes to role models." 
Check it out!! Big Time Rush: Dance Party & Big Time Rush: Backstage Pass Pushed Back A Week, Out On November 13... 
Google's new logo may look like a preschool's sign, but it's also a fraction of the size of the old one #serifprobs 
It's Thursday so a new Naruto comes on today!...but it's only a filler 
From WTAJ: BIG announcement for Paul McCartney fans. October 15th at the Bryce Jordan Center live in concert.... 
Sonia n Rahul Gandhi got summons. Swamy is doing all the answering. 
@user -She began to feel a little offended by what he was saying.- ""Loki... Like I would report back to Thor. He may be my father +" 
Two worst players in plus/minus right now for OKC are Serge Ibaka and Kendrick Perkins. Stat may be soft, but it matches the eyes. 
Think ima go to the ABC store tomorrow 
Manchester United and Real Madrid will attempt to revive David de Gea's move to the Bernabeu on Tuesday after the... 
FEC hold farewell session for seven ministers: President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday led the Federal Execut... 
Al Michaels memorialized Frank Gifford at the Hall of Fame game on Sunday 
It's #MusicMonday!! Check out a clip of the Foo Fighters rickrolling the Westboro Baptist Church before Friday's... 
I just bought two tickets for the Sacramento Kings season opener on Monday! HYPED. 
C'mon @user It's time to speak up about yesterday and about Bad Blood. 
@user ok but on Friday I played the John cena song for my AP Lit class and nobody knew it was me 
let's just all go to IHOP after tomorrow morning 
@user is it true that Nike pushed back ovo release till October 3rd? 
Wish it was live so we could watch feeds like we do with Big Brother!! 
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Year 4 by J. K. Rowling 1ST AMERICAN EDIT 
"if you fight Floyd Mayweather 5 times and he fights the same each time, you better believe you'll have a better chance the 5th time." 
@user @user @user Gordon Brown and David Cameron have said exactly the same thing. Also 'hideous bigots'? 
"Dear Dana White, do you know how you can make it up to Calgary? Cowboy vs McGregor in March for the title (if Donald wins)" 
@user also may be sending more like them will divide India, like in Yakub case with support of #Ghantallectuals...." 
I may have no clue what I'm doing with my life but I have Batman underwear, so... 
Who's down to go to vegas for the Rousey vs. Holm fight in january? 
"Got your tickets? Christmas Stories Tour with @user @user Nov 29, Hot Springs, Ar, Crossgate Church! Tickets at @user 
@user on the day of Prince George's 2nd birthday don't you think my nearly 2 year old looks like him?! 
"Thursday Final Ratings: 'Astronaut Wives Club' &amp; 'Under the Dome' Flat at Lows, 'Big Brother Slips' &amp; 'Beauty and ... 
Just 21 days left to register for the September 27th #MS2Conf in Grand Bend. Promo Code BERNIA50 saves $50 
"Thank you Miss USA! You stole my words ""Beauty is in the inside and outside"". You may be drop dead gorgeous but... 
"Kris Bryant is all systems go Monday, Kyle Schwarber getting the day off. #Cubs" 
I can't watch Monday Night Raw anymore. I miss the Stone Cold Steve Austin, Ric Flair, Shawn Michaels, Eddie Guerrero &amp; the Hardy Brothers! 
@user  In Israel no one calls it terrorism, they call it Wednesday." 
@user @user @user RK Volume: 17, Page: 193, Book: Toufah-Golravea) he says 12th khalifa of Islam is like yahya AS" 
Which means if Andrade wins she could get Rousey next.  
Kesha's Camp Speaks Out on Dr. Luke Abuse Allegations: Following the news Tuesday of Kesha's lawsuit against her longtime producer Dr... 
@user I don't think it is just you. This has been eye opening to watch. I think many are more wed to their politics on Islam. 
@user can't believe all the negative response to Rousey article. Fight needs to happen. She'd drop him in 1st round! 
Good thing the Kliq Blu Ray comes out Tuesday. It's too late for them to digitally edit out Hulk Hogan's run in during the Sting/HHH match! 
"Worth reading. Another troubling argument for why the publication of ""Watchman"" may have been an act of elder abuse. 
It looked like eBay and a Garage sale had a baby an named it "Amazon Prime Day", a glorified "black friday"garage/yard sale. 
Uber socialist Mehdi Hasan on #bbcqt panel for 5th time since #GE10 - More than any other panelist. Does he have a season ticket?? 
RT @user State TV: Requests 2 join Israel gas deal trial to the one today under Judge Ahmed Refaat. Next we'll add Amanda Knox tria ... 
Not suprised! he'll be at Real Madrid in 2 seasons! #amavi 
Manchester the clear focus of George Osborne's #northernpowerhouse #devolution  
So Uriah Faber, not Frankie Edgar or Jose Aldo, will get the 1st crack at Conor mcgregor. Is it me or are they just building him up. 
Prince George can't wait to take the crown from his dad.   
"Moderate-heavier rain moving toward Racine...should be dry for the 6th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade though, starts @ 12!  Bring sunscreen" 
Maya Rudolph performs Prince songs  at Brooklyn Bowl this Thursday night 9/20, backed by the Roots! 
My roommate going to Eastern tomorrow. 
Yearbook pictures for Jr.Larc’s will be next Tuesday, the 6th at lunch at the library parking lot side 
"I've practically gone thru ever illness known to man between Thursday and today and he's gucci. God, what did I do?!" 
@user  that photo is from just after Charlie Hebdo ,January !" 
SickRage: Download Finished: Hannibal - 3x10 - And the Woman Clothed in Sun - 1080p WEB-DL 
You do not want to miss this tomorrow night.  RJ is moving to Maryland soon, and we have a truly epic set planned... 
"OK, looks like i can't stream till later. GF wants to watch naruto again so i can't use my 2nd monitor. Will stream when she is done." 
"If you like, pull a Frank Ocean. Tire plenty for Ojuelegba. 
I'll be talking about Planned Parenthood and the Christian response Wednesday on Periscope 
"#NYC Torn shoulder capsule for Byrdak:    Tim Byrdak, placed on the 15-day disabled list Friday with left should... 
Since I can't jailbreak the Apple Watch, the theming platform may have to been an app to download icon packs, and then the user 1/2 
@user is finally catching up to me with #Dexter. I'm only up to season 4, but he has almost finished season 2 today @ home, ill." 
"New Zealand vs Tonga,1st start with opening ceremony then2Haka's then let the game begin." 
Almost done with U2 Discography review! By Friday: NLOTH and (hopefully) Songs of Innocence! 
I’m going to Babaman at Vidia in Cesena, Italy - Dec 22 
RT @user I can stamp on Friday its goin be endless people at the movies to see Final Destination 5 
"Barnes 7-yard TD pass and Curtis retakes the lead with under a minute left to play, lead 46-41 over Tottenville in the 4th." 
@user David Wright was implying that the game is over in the 8th and he can take his spikes off... No need to pinch hit 
Let me tell you about the experience I just had... so me and Lexus said bye for the final time before I leave tomorrow. Let me describe 
S/o to one of my clients for the season ticks! SATURDAY WE ARE LIVE IN LEXINGTON LEVELS 
"WWE 2K15 Randy Orton ""11 you may have won tonight but at Wrestlemania I'm sending you to Suplex City Bitch" 
Be sure to attend the GCS Career Exploration Fair on November 15th, from 4-7PM, at the Greensboro Coliseum Special... 
"Ahead of tomorrow's elections in Vanuatu, what do the islanders want? @user finds out. #listen #RAonair 
Sinead already a lock for the Irish one after her #crisp Rolling Stone cover critique  
UNC leads the all-time series against UVA by 58 to 54.  Come November 15th, Fedora and the boys are gonna make it 59. 
"John Kasich on ISIS, immigration: CBS News correspondent Major Garrett sat down with Governor John Kasich to d... 
SPB is bringing @user one week from today! See you next Tuesday at 7 in Constitution Hall! 
Check Out the Box Art for Tomb Raider: What do we think? The new Tomb Raider is out March 5... 
Wright greets Mets at hotel in full uniform with cookies: David Wright may have greeted the Phillies with an u... 
@user - where can I find the list of which Best Buy stores will be selling the Apple Watch on Friday? 
@user @user she said kurt cobain is her 2nd 'bae' but she doesnt even know what he looks like uum 
"starting tomorrow, i'll go through tim's drive through everyday & ask for a candy cane hot chocolate until the day they finally give me one." 
Aaron Brooks and Marcus Thornton combine to go 8-25 and we lose to the Bulls by 6. Everybody have a good Thursday. 
PM David Cameron Tells councils to RAISE COUNCIL TAX to pay for Migrant settlement after the 1st year 
@user I just had a look and it seems Nash to Davos is a done deal along with Joe Thornton. I may have to pay a visit... 
@user @user and if Nintendo came out and said "nope, we declare she is a cis woman" while that may make it "official canon"... 
@user No because of bias. When, before Thurs, are the critical, probing BBC programmes on the other three candidates? 
@user Just once, I want to c Red Sox manager walk to mound &amp; demonstratively yell at relief pitcher who walks people in 9th inning." 
@user Jesus said he who has not sinned may cast the first stone.w8 that was a whore.Jesus then threw rock at gay couple kissing.RYT? 
THIS FRIDAY the Food & Film Series presents the Jim Henson cult classic Labyrinth at the Miners Foundry Cultural... 
"Sam Smith's 'Writing's on the Wall' Is the Theme of New Bond Film Spectre: On Monday, Smith hinted that he was... 
Aren’t Jews, Steve Emerson & Clifford May just a little scared at CUFI. Haven’t they heard about Leo Frank? 
@user because they did not reply the play as much. 2nd time Messi scores a goal on Mexico like that 
Animal Planet has a show that just shows puppies...guess I know how I’m spending my saturday’s for the next 20 years or so. 
@user u making the trip to Liverpool on the 10th? Think my self and tinchy temple are taking in Everton game if I fancy it? 
1st: Taylor and Avril 2nd: Taylor and Nicki 3rd: Taylor and Katy????  Hahahaahhahahhh.. maybe its the start of the new beginning??? 
Real Madrid still faithful that the deal will be accepted. But it will have to be tomorrow. 
Fulham v Everton: Match Preview: Prepare for Saturday’s game with our match preview, including player views, sta... 
Watch for the sea of pink strutting through Cupertino on Saturday morning. Give ’em a wave, or a honk, or just... 
Standing by to watch the Apple Special event live: 
It's quite funny to see iOS developers taking advantage of the new Ugmonk 6th Anniversary set! 
I’m going to WalMart n Walgreens tomorrow and stacking up on all they candy !! Think I may need a new toothbrush n dentist too lol 
Plies is just Kirk Franklin on a Saturday night 
Going to see Estelle - Sat 9/15 in Washington, DC at DAR Constitution Hall! Check out the tour dates here -  
"Paul Dunne (Amateur) made birdie at 15th (-12), Co-leader with Danny Willet. #TheOpen" 
Zayn is currently unverified on Instagram! It may be due to the glitch. 
"My mom just came to my room with the ""exciting news"" that Kanye West is running for president. C'mon mom don't you think I know that, idiot" 
Have seen 4 deer in Dexter so far tonight @user @user 
Why did they have to make Hot Jam on a Monday?? Don't they know ppl work during the week. #HOTJAM 
@user  Hey Donny, on Sunday what PDQ in Concord???? Is it the one over at Concord Mills???" 
Tomorrow: from worst-waitress to top food critic @user shares her dining tips + Kanye West's pitch for the White House #MTVVMAs 
"KYOCERA Solar Power Generating Systems Help the Maldive ...: KYOTO, Japan, Jun 13, 2012 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Kyoce... 
America. Where the Christians will enjoy Memorial Day off of work but will go to the office for Good Friday.  #BecausePriorities 
Might just go to that Red Sox game on Friday 
On my way to see Paper Towns for the 3rd time... I have to surrender my goal of seeing it 9 times because I'm moving:( 
15th Annual Polish Festival is one for the bucket list #ilm #pender #brunsco #wway 
Just 3 Monday's Briana you've got this it's okay 
Daylight is falling to the 10 hr mark near US/Canada border via @user #DST 
@user that year is to be unspoken of. Remember those rubber bracelets too? I may or may not have a dog tag with Cannavaro on it.... 
4 FREE NASCAR TICKETS to the LVMS Truck Race this Saturday in Vegas (Dayton or Carson City) 
Due to the Pride Parade tomorrow the Free Shuttle will not pick up @user for the entire day. Pls go to @user #Vancouver 
if the retaliation to Friday is more destruction can we at least have tony blair tried for the war crimes he committed 
i guess its good to keep Brock Lesnar for the 3rd hour #keeppeoplewatching #RAW #WWE 
"Remus Lupin sat in the kitchen of 12 Grimmauld place, eating a piece of pie Molly had given him." 
See ya on 30 Rock on Thursday @user They just announced it during the GB-HOU game! :-) 
Now the war may starts for politicle credit. Justice to Mumbai victims but eyes on BMC elections. Whoose Govt Hang Yakub is a main course. 
Well...looks like One Direction has finally decided to end the standoff. Thanks for the free Zayn promo though! 
Kim Kardashian reveals why she plans to eat her placenta: Snacking on one's own placenta may sound like a pret... 
"Jenson Button may be at top of motorsport, but he is affected by career uncertainty at McLaren 
Saturday in the D...Bill Maher at the Fox Theatre killed tonight...heard there was some other things going on across the street. 
Today it's all about tablet PCs - here's a guide to the Windows 7 operating system 
You know you picked some good roommates when you all just kind of decide to watch Twilight on a Tuesday night during dead week 
@user will KY play in Rupp for the 2 and 3rd rounds of the tournament.  Plz reply 
"Ed Woodward may have fucked Real Madrid over by sending the wrong file format, what a fucking man he is. Legend." 
As Congress returns, Obama wins key Senate support for Iran deal: President Obama on Tuesday secured what he h... 
@user Was going to but then GAME had to go crazy whacko so I'll probably see if Amazon still has the amiibo ed. in stock tomorrow. 
"Stacey, Lynn, Karen &amp; all the team at Lough Erne Resort are in full """"swing"""" getting ready for this weekend's 15th... 
Anyone in san diego want a GA ticket to sam smith tomorrow? 
Briana's stepdad liked this (via @user ) so from Dec 17 2014 to Dec 6...it makes roughly one year...that's it..I say their r loopholes 
"Tomorrow's field trip day, so I deserve Dunkin bfast. Then it's Friday, so definitely deserve Dunkin. And well Saturdays are special so..." 
Just thinking about my 21st birthday made me realize that it's 2 weeks after St. Patty's Day. #buzzkill 
The sound of Sunday with Katy Perry - Roar #webradio #internetradio 
@user Is t it fake? The Grammys nominations come out in December!!! 
day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang Unofficially Yours at segunda mano. 
"Somehow got wrangled into seeing Ant-Man again tomorrow with another group of friends. Ehh, I don't mind much tbh" 
I need someone to go with me to see Zac Brown Band in November 
Miss Teen USA on the next one.. Saturday Wahhh?(: 
Galaxy tune up for Whitecaps, Sounders fall to 3rd: Mike Magee scored on a pass from Robbie Keane in the 83rd mi... 
On October 19th, the new judge in the George Zimmerman trial, ruled that Trayvon social media interactions would... 
50 lakhs to 1600 crores. Gives some sense of how Maino became the 4th richest politician in the world! 
Food Truck Friday at the Pacific View Mall Ventura tomorrow night 
RT @user It's Kerry's birthday tonight on Big Brother. Be prepared for a Jedward in hot pants. AT 10PM. it's the Penultimate e ... 
Robert Turbin impresses at NFL Combine: But on Sunday in Indianapolis, he became just another name, trying to pr... 
Oh, and for those still fellating Harry Redknapp, we went out in the 3rd round against Stoke last season. Remember that? 
Murray must must must win this game on Anderson serve to turn the tide and give him something for the 3rd to build on #USOpen 
RT @user Steve Williams just threw Tiger Woods under the bus after win w Adam Scott today. After 33 yrs and 145 wins this is the ... 
@user @user Please have a look at this link and see if the errors mentioned may correspond to your errors. 
SNSD’s Tiffany, CNBLUE’s Yonghwa and B2ST’s Kikwang MCs for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert Nov 10 
Greensboro DMV employee charged with embezzlement - Nov 1 @ 4:53 PM ET 
@user yeah on October 10 the English version is gonna come out in America on Naruto's birthday 
"Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch, but this Sunday, I'm gonna make you mine!" No pressure Rollins, look at that look from HHH! #Raw 
So it's all on Giroud and Theo for Arsenal, then... 
"That ""Not afraid,"" photo of Paris is from the reaction to the Charlie Hebdo attack in January. It is not tonight." 
After a CP first down Chris Brown is sacked 2nd and 12 for the Mustangs 
@user How can you give people tips to better their lives when u just sat on here slandering Serena over her body? #GetAGripSir 
.@ufc fans: we're talking to Conor McGregor @user tomorrow - what do you wanna know? 
"Longline bras hurt to dance in, I can drive in wellies, a white haired man has never left the #iom, merlin was a saucy old sorcerer. Night." 
"John Cena just beat up Jon Stewart on Monday night raw, too funny." 
@user sept 24 is when views from the 6 is gonna drop so be patient at least it won't be as long of a wait for Frank Ocean 
Tottenham Hotspur boss Andre Villas-Boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a January bid for... 
MLB Capsules - AL: Darvish to make Cactus League start March 7 
All I want is to be at oracle on a Wednesday night with someone special . 
gunna be a 6hour journey to NCS trip next monday :( LOOOL idc im gunna bring nuff chicken to eat on the coach! 
"Listening to Duelo, pesado with @user so ready for Saturday to dance dance dance" 
"Come Sunday, at SummerSlam, do you see Seth Rollins, as the man who John Cena beats to become the 16th time World Heavy Weight Champion?" 
(comment about the legitimacy of a Kanye West candidacy because it's something new that people may believe is possible Trump) 
THE BEE GEES First Of May  MINT 45 RPM with ORIGINAL SLEEVE 
@user Must. Get. Innings.   We must pile on and decimate their bullpen tonight! Because with Verlander, they won't need it tomorrow." 
Tomorrow K and I are going to see Paper Towns! 
The British Culture Week 2014 will be taking place in the capital from October 9 to 19. Charles Darwin... 
"Tomorrow is the last day on  BO3 Beta, noooo give one more day on Ps4,  X1 and PC pleaseeeee!!!! I dont wanna go to AW!!! @user 
@user When the 4th goes back to Thor - Copp - Petan it'll hit exactly my pre-season ""best on paper""..well.. based on locked Stu+Thor." 
"Can you rip it 2 auditions tomorrow, MSA fair, BAA party, Cross the movie #weekend" 
May 28, 1986 Madonna on the set of the Papa Don't Preach music video on Staten Island, New York City 
Which means David Price may pitch vs the Tigers at home 
The Exchange Club of Winona and the Eagles Club will be hosting Taters for Tots to raise money for child abuse prevention on October 31st... 
Today is the first Saturday in weeks that I'm not at Disneyland. I feel weird. What do I even do? 
A 70-yd. screen pass TD makes it 21-7 Tusky over Madonna, early in the 3rd. Scoreboard powered by 
@user faith &amp; I went to the mid state fair to see Jason Aldean on Friday &amp; then staying all weekend in pismo 
@user @user See I dont see that really...yeah Murray lost 5 fumbles the 1st 5gms... Didnt have another the next 11 
"&gt;Falling for the Onion picking John Cena for January is good when he wins, he notices that doesn't compare to the freaks." 
"For those that missed it I'm dropping a NEW Batman track tomorrow since DKR debuts. If you want it, I'll send it to you. Only way to get it." 
don't think I'm gonna watch the VMAs cause the boys aren't on and if Zayn performs I can see it later. plus school tomorrow and I like sleep 
"Blood Moon: Blood Moons: """"""""The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and the t 
Unplanned 6th Day of Eid with Bestie! #Eid2015 
Gucci gob it certitude may sprout the yoke yours signifying gangway additive in transit to consultant flaming:... 
Two Guest list tickets to give away for Joan Armatrading’s show at St David’s on Thursday keep it locked to find out more! 
Milan heading towards the same direction 
Pro-Hillary Clinton Correct the Record says Jeb Bush's 1st TV ad is "built on a phony record," says econ claims built on housing bubble 
@user Do you know when tickets go on sale for the Rising Stars game on Saturday? 
"#SanLeandro-raised #NonitoDonaire (30-1), beats Toshiaki Nishioka tonight with a TKO in 9th round to retain the WBO featherweight title." 
Kevin Bacon, Paul Rudd and 8 Other Stars to Appear in Friday the 13th or Halloween Movies via @user 
Saturday I'm just gonna walk into Disneyland and then walk right back out. 
@user get to Manchester at 7 tonight just sat in Milan airport now ur flight go okay ? 
"Celts4Life88: therealbeckman: Some day at the TheOpen today, padraig_h or Paul Dunne to do the business tomorrow! #TheOpen2015 #coybig" 
Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume for Thursday: Converted Organics Inc. (PINK:COIN) traded as hig... 
@user do ya wanna go to trek at LCC this Friday with me 
Can't believe Mariah Carey's "All I want for Christmas is you" is playing right now.  It's September 3rd. 
"Watch the UFC 190: Rousey vs. Correia Weigh-In Streaming Live, Friday at 5 PM ET 
"Pope's Sunday Angelus: ""If the heart doesn't change, we aren't true Christians""... 
.@Marvel’s Phase Two Kicks Off with ’Iron Man 3’ Trailer on October 23rd via @user 
"Anderson survives a test, and now has 2 sets up on Murray. Can the Brit pull off a 2nd 0-2 set comeback?" 
"RT @user Looks like Apple's rumored Thanksgiving product launch is the Steve Jobs biography, not a new iPad 
"See you tomorrow, UC Davis. See you tomorrow. (1pm at the Whole Earth Festival)" 
LOCAL SPORTS: Special to the News-Sun: PLANT CITY - The Highlands Youth Football and Cheer Organization (HYFC) t... 
"I could wait for the big DQ leading to the HUGE SIX MAN TAG MATCH - aw, c'mon Kane let me finish the damn tweet first #RAW" 
Ricky Gervais - all that money, all the freedom that money brings. Thought he’d spend Sunday Tweeting... 
Nuggets at 76ers: 2nd half thread: Leave your comments here as the Nuggets finish out the second half against th... 
Why is Copper River Salmon some of the best fish in the world? Find out May 26 
"Carly Fiorina ditches the stump speech: Standing atop the Iowa State Fair soapbox on Monday, Republican presid... 
@user @user Watchout @user may call you vampire. But then Rly Minister is BJP and not Yakub &amp;she will let pass 
@user When do you plan on coming down to the LONG BEACH or the O.C. area? Los Alamitos has a food truck fair on thursday nights. 
@user @user when you were with jessica after the game last friday haha i was there waiting for you to say wassup hahaa 
I see Ed Sheeran on that day  
@user to be specific, is the demo released at 12:00 or is there a time scheduled for tomorrow? (PS4)" 
Had a debate with my Aunt about Donald Trump. I think I may have one! #ThanksObama 
NL Rookie of the Year race is still wide open. Kris Bryant 10 for his last 76. Joc hitting .175 since June 5. Sleeper is Giants' Matt Duffy. 
#TeamFollowBack BEIRUT (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Thursday it... #FF @user 
"While you may be able to kill 2 birds with one stone, Chuck Norris can kill 475." 
"Kanye West is running for president, but that may have just been the weed talking: (WireImage) 
Imagine being De Gea going to sleep then waking up tomorrow ready to become a Real Madrid player 
@user tomorrow night On raw Cash in your money in the Bank contract and challenge Seth Rollins to end his 154th Day as WWE champion 
2nd day of college and i'm already going in wearing yoga pants and hoodie 
@user breaks with absurdly angled service ret in 1st game of 3rd. Murray's mountain just got higher 
Lovatics ! Are you ready for Demi Lovato's 4th album ? :) 
@user you should get Peyton Manning or Drew Brees to talk about the Sunday night game.Or Sean Peyton to see how he’s handling suspension 
"HD clip of @user knocking """"Southbound Pachyderm"""" out with valor at @user Tuesday night. cc @user - 
"Wondering if after SC turning down Yakub's appeal tomorrow  he would again petition  the President again ,  and this  to go on and on and  !" 
#Seahawks QB Russell Wilson was asked about an incident on sideline last Sunday where cameras appeared to have caught an angry Doug Baldwin. 
I'll put money on de Gea being a Real Madrid player by the time I wake up tomorrow 
AT&T offers free cloud storage for iOS and Android AT&T on Thursday announced a new service it calls AT&T Locker th... 
I'm not doing nothing tomorrow, just gonna sit at home and watch Grey's Anatomy on Netflix. 
@user I was at Ramlila Ground where Baba Ramdev is fasting at 2 PM 2nd day. In a hot and humid day all covered area was jam packed, 
The Gladiatorial contests in Rome were not ceased because the Christians in Rome all sat on their hand. One monk stood up and yelled 'cease' 
"Scott Walker on Sunday said he was considering a fence on the border with Canada: ""Some people have asked us... 
@user will the iPod 6th generation have a rear camera for the 16gb version? Because the 5th gen didn't 
Haruna Lukmon may av just played himself out of d Super Eagles under coach Sunday Oliseh 
"If I've done one more good deal, can I ask the Prince praise me? ""First of May""- Bee Gees" 
"Dustin Johnson isn't the first guy to drop 22 places in a major on Sunday, but it usually takes more than 1 hole. #PGAChampionship" 
The New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ will both be open tomorrow. Also, reports of 3 feet of water in the NYSE are false. 
#mubb picked 7th in the preseason BIG EAST coaches poll. No individual honors for Buzz Williams' squad. L'Ville's Peyton Siva preseason POY. 
@user Did you know that the Director and Ice Cube created the ""Bye Felicia"" phrase when they did the movie Friday together?" 
@user @user All for one, out October 4th on Blu-ray. It's about their Australian Tour and can be bought at Sanity" 
"De La Soul's First Serve project with Live Band debuts this Thu 18th in Meeting House Square, ONRA supports on MPC 
Ok. So it might be an ad for Lexus or at least their design team. But this is cool. Make sure to watch the 2nd video 
"29 November 2001. George Harrison, known as the 'quiet Beatle', died (aged 58). 
Card update at ... Kris Bryant Variant Award Sig Ranks 24th at debut. Where will he end up? 
"I'm mainly just waiting on Cameron's on the 8th, Jack G's on the 10th &amp; then Niall's on the 13th" 
"HEAT Parade- Monday, June 25th. Starts at Calle Ocho, through Brickell Avenue, through Biscayne Boulevard, and ends at the AAA." 
@user @user Yeah Jeb and you fully support &amp; trust the Germans. Germany backs Putin, Iran &amp; Assad. 
Selling One Jason Aldean Ticket for the Darien Lake show on Thursday August 13th! $46. Contact me if you are interested! 
A little bit of rain wasn't enough to dampen the spirits of Amy Schumer and her sister Kim Caramele on Tuesday. 
"I wonder ""@MrSawyerr: Is Sunday Oliseh at Wembley to scout players for the Super Eagles?""" 
"Monday at the US Open: Murray, Federer &amp; Konta are all in action at Flushing Meadows today 
'' Cyborg ' going to reach 135 pounds to combat Rousey in December #Breakingnews# 
Top story: ESAHangout: Rosetta mission's day in the Sun - Google+ see more 
"Dear Italian Harmonizers: you'll at least be able to see the girls in Milan the 25th. Better than nothing, i guess." 
".@schicflair Stardust as Gollum, Undertaker as Sauron, Kane as the Witch King, the Ascension as Uruk Hai, Wyatts as the Ring Wraiths  c'mon." 
@user the little boy that sat next to us on eid and had the long hair. 
Join Phil on November 8 at the Better Software East Conference in Orlando where he’ll be speaking on How to... 
"Saturday flashmob on the music of The Runaways in following my tweets, you can see what the music is done!" 
"I'm going to Nekromantix at Reverb in Reading, PA - Jul 24 
Smith sacked by JPP on 3rd and 4. Loss of 9 and Andy Lee is out there for the first time. 
"From ESPN: La Liga: Betis march on, Malaga held to draw: Real Betis moved up to fourth in the table after ... #NCAA" 
"On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun." 
"Carnival Tomorrow :) , who going ? #RT" 
"as I was walking to go sit on a bench, Paul McCartney was sitting there smoking a cigarette and looking at the moon too. I sat by him and he" 
For those wondering about when/if Murray State’s Zay Jackson will play this year -- last Friday, MSU AD Allen Ward said ... (cont) 
@user baby girl u r the true Wonder Woman!! U should fight Floyd Mayweather next. Be the 1st time he'd run from a woman! 
@user @user up there with Ice Cube pickin up an ice cube in Friday. Synecdoche New York begs to differ though :/ 
"See you guys will go on the defense when the sun says ANYTHING about 1D, but they say something about Zayn ya'll believe in a heartbeat wtf" 
Imma dog jus like Gucci said marry to the money Imma newly wed 
@user *he keenly feels the loss as Thor moves away, soul aching at the rejection* If things have changed, they may yet change &gt;" 
@user @user Sorry I have organised a walks day for the 17th in CIT 
@user @user At the @user game on Sat. someone yelled ""Charlie Hebdo."" Not sure they meant it in a nice way..." 
@user Stanely is Ice Cube's neighbor in the movie Friday. He is the guy who says, ""Will you please stay off my frigging grass, Please""" 
Backing up my #PS4 HDD in preparation for the #Seagate 1TB SSHD I have coming. September 15 I get my new #TakenKing PS4. 
And that's 3 runs on 1 hit here in the 10th for the White Sox...... #Mariners 
"Have you gotten your tickets to see Terry McMillan at the MGM Grand on Thursday, 11/1? If not, go here to get your... 
I recorded The Wanted on Celebrity Juice so if anyone missed it, I’ll stream it again on Saturday if anyone wants to see it? 
TOM+LORENZO talk about the girls at ELLE’s Women in Hollywood Celebration! Check out Viola Davis in RAOUL! 
@user go to shawn's show in san diego on saturday i'm gonna be at the place it's at (petco park) 
"'A Bee Gees tune was on the radio, the sun was out and the smell of bacon wafted through the air.' #guesthouse" 
National Margarita Day? This is like Christmas in July only with tequila...lots of tequila 
I just drank a 5th of vodka dare me to drive? - Marshall 
Gareth Bale has warned his side not to take Norwich City lightly as the two sides prepare to battle in the Capital One Cup on Wednesday. 
TWILIGHT - @ my hometown. Kura sunset over Papakura across the road from BP gas station. I sneaked a sun shot... 
MLB: Rangers beat the Yankees 7-6 on Josh Hamilton's walk-off single in 9th inning! 
Anyone at PCA going to Halloween Haunt @ Wonderland tomorrow? 
Joe Biden's wife may share his misgivings about another race - The Times of India 
@user @user is this why we hear that BO may be trading prisoners with Iran? Should we give them the 14 or so we have for them? 
"Town Hall with Gov. John Kasich in West Lebanon, New Hampshire on Wednesday, September 2 ...: John Kasich in W...  
Bolton Society for Blind People are bringing Vegas to Bolton with a Charity Dinner on 23 Sep Please RT xx #BSBP 
"Kesha sues Dr Luke, claiming sexual assault by the star producer: 
"Nirbhaya's parents meet Rahul Gandhi ahead of debate on Juvenile Bill in RS New Delhi, Dec 22 (UNI) Ahead of the... 
Get a little buzz with Detox to Retox Yoga at Triangle Char And Bar on Dorchester Rd  10am Saturday!!! $10... 
Mark the dates: Miss Earth 2012 coronation night Nov 24, Sat, LIVE on Starworld, 8PM. Free-TV broadcast on Sun, Nov 25, 10AM on ABS-CBN. 
See How Mick Foley wins his First WWE championship and turned the tide against WCW in the Monday Night Wars!... 
"Minimap is here with all the news about Metal Gear, Deus Ex, Hamlet, Ace Attorney, Nintendo, Amazon and PS4! 
"""""Like"""" if Malcolm X somehow changed your life... jump head 1st into the deep end of a pool with no water if you... 
Any funny business from Luke Neale at lunch tomorrow and he's getting chinned Conor McGregor style 
Harvard educated First Lady Michelle Obama reminded attendees of a naturalization ceremony Wednesday that the... 
We saw the birth place of Jesus and walked the pathway of the Palm Sunday entry of Jesus into Jerusalem.#tc 
"Do you own a Nissan Titan in Mesa, Jim Click wants to be your one stop  automotive destination. Visit us at 
"White Sox take the lead, Mariners 0, White Sox 1  Bottom 1st 
@user for Terry's next act, he'll ask David Wright to pitch the 7th :)." 
Can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on Tuesday night at about 7:30 please! ANYONE! Money will be involved!!! 
Q2 3:51. Trent Richardson rushed right to the Cleveland 49 for 12 yards. 1st & 10. 
Jamming AA, Miss May I, and Black Dahlia Murder all day #RAGE 
The Iran Deal is working. You were wrong. Deal with it. 
WTF!!! Frank Ocean's album has been out since June 30th and I'm just finding out!!! How?????? 
"RT @user With the start of NFL Preseason upon us.. Tonight marks the beginning of the Raiders season, and the end of the Raid ..." 
Make sure to stop by Dunkin' Donuts tomorrow between 6am-11am and make a donation to your favorite Special... 
SingSnap | One Night With You by jclabb in the style of Elvis Presley 
"""""SOUL TRAIN"""" party Oct 27 Perform by~T.dot all stars..Drell~ + many more new kids on the block taking over T.dothttp://youtu.be/c2nozLNRf4M" 
Gucci bags psychic apparatus mystery of mysteries january arise the twin yours separate from link in for ablaz... 
.@BennettBooks' Ryker, the 4th Carolina Cold Fury Hockey book, is LIVE on Amazon! #newbook 
I just bought: 'Danny Elfman &amp; Tim Burton 25th Anniversary Music Box' by Tim Burton via @user 
@user Shield Kids Event October 5th @user Bar n Grill in Pico Rivera Come n help support the fundraiser 4 abused and abandon children 
@user @user look at the facts 1st &amp; then opn ur mouth. Expose the real designs.Ask urself why ISIS is not targetG ISRAEL?? 
@user @user Benzema is Football Elite Real Madrid where you're a starter to 3rd place AFC who haven't won league in 10 years 
'Josh Hamilton' appeared on Saturday 25 at the 18th place in the Top20 of United States's Trends: #trndnl 
@user my grandma is going to digi with me on Sunday pls don't hit on her bc she's hekka fine 
"Gone from Eminem, to Fetty Wap, to Kenny Chesney and Johnny Cash, to Taking Back Sunday and Foo Fighters in the last hour. #variety" 
Any body want to meet up at Disneyland tomorrow around 4ish-5ish when I get off of work? 
"Lana Del Rey will reportedly feature on Kanye West's new album 'Paris"" on the song 'Passport', slated to be released November 24th!" 
Now the nigga with the tender busy buying her KFC on Sunday evenings *smh* 
@user I want to see White Arrows at North Star Bar Sat + @user Studio Session on Wed!!! 
Going to see the Foo Fighters Tuesday if anyone wants to come! 
Tonight at 7 o'clock join us for Bingo with Curtis in the 1st Floor Activities Room. 
@user Quran even says the planets move in space in an orbit unlike Christians claiming sun orbited earth. Can supply verse of wanted lol 
*Starts watching Keeping up with the Kardashians* *2nd episode and Kris Jenner hires Bree Olson THE PORNSTAR as their nanny* *done* 
@user @user bottom line, it should be a Woman's Right to Privacy, as SCOTUS says, for 1st/2nd trimester only. 
Anyone fancy the boxing in December? Ricky Burns & George Groves fighting. 
"To all the baby boomers complaining about Kanye West, may I remind you of Jim Morrison?" 
It's September 1st and 12 more days until niall's birthday and on his birthday it's going to be A YEAR SINCE I SAW THE BOYS FOR THE WWAT 
@user Reagan nominated Sandra Day O'Connor to the Supreme Court & she became the 1st Female Justice. 
Tuesday is the 34th anniversary of the death of Elvis Presley? Watercooler ? What is Elvis' biggest selling single? 
he Charlie Hebdo shooting from January and the situation right now are 2 separate events. get it right. 
Berita Union picketing brings a temporary halt to 2nd-season production of the NBC reality show 'Fashion Star.' ... 
im spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme keisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs. CARMELO ANTHONY 
@user it's all Gucci my water bottle exploded on me Monday 
@user @user @user so you balance out an American hero with a  woman beater? Who's on tomorrow the pope and O.J? 
If I was on an island and could only have one thing, it may or may not be a solar powered stereo with John Mayer's Live at Nokia in it. 
"David Bowie may be the only rock star to wear a wristwatch on stage  Chet Flippo, on the '83 tour" 
@user May I know if there is still a chance to meet Tiger Woods before he leaves Singapore? 
"Christ, I get it. Paper Towns is out tomorrow." 
Capello says time for Russia to win big match: Russia manager Fabio Capello on Thursday said that he intended to... 
@user Go to sleep Briana you have work tomorrow lol 
Meek Mill dissed Future too? Nicki may as well start giving him an allowance cause it's all over. 
Angela Merkel says pleased about France calling for talks on euro zone reforms: Merkel said on Monday ... #foxreg 
There's this video that's gone viral stating Saudi gave the wrong information regarding Eid Ul Fitr. Apparently Eid was on Saturday:/ 
6 people left in the world and one of them is bill Murray ...there’s only 5 people .....who’s the 6th??? 
FM Preview: Derby County v Peterborough United 28 Apr 2012 - FootyMad attempt to assist you with their form guide as... 
Hey Nevada tweeps remember TOMORROW is the last day for EARLY VOTING!  Ready, Set & Vote! #JustDoIt! 
Sunday's with Itchy ep 216 Back in the saddle again. If all goes according to plan we'll be in Israel by #fuckcancer 
I wish I had a SS tshirt, I would wear it right now and tomorrow 
Everybody with cable is going to be so hungover Friday. The Official GOP Debate Drinking Game Rules | Rolling Stone - 
Coming up on Twitter!  Tonight: Sharknado 3 (tired jokes!) Tomorrow: Trump visits the border Friday: Cynicism Saturday: Beach pictures! 
Van Pelt birdies the 17th hole to get to -21. He needs to birdie the 18th hole in order to force a playoff w/ Nick Watney #CIMBClassic 
Pickin' on the Grateful Dead, Vol. 2 by Pickin' On (CD, Jun-2000, CMH Records) 
My bro and I  today since we both finally ate chicken for the 1st time in a year today! Lmao @user 
@user  The Vamps can you please say happy birthay to my friend sofia that her birthay is on december 18 please the vampss 
@user @user it is requested that pukhtun custom related to Islam are the base of Afghanistan which may kindly not to be ignored," 
Today is the first day of work for the Southern Indiana Blitz Build in Henryville. As you may remember, last... 
Wanna go to tomorrow's game with FEC? Join us at the second floor of the Ponce garage at 8 a.m.! 
"I'm going to Nekromantix at HiFi in Sydney, Australia - Oct 5 
@user Entitled because you would be the 1st female President? BS! Carly Fiorina doesn't lie, has more brains; and no funny mouth!!" 
I’m watching Thursday Night Football between the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Minnesota Jared Allen 
Nov 10th Lady Urban(E) aka Ace will be having mixtape release party at the Medowlark...Rt Rt 
"Just got an e-mail from Eldora Speedway with the 2013 Kings Royal dates, July 12-13. #kingsroyal" 
@user Are you going to extend the #BO3Beta till Monday like you did with the PS4 for Xbox One and PC 
"Rousey, Volleyball, Gilas, FIBA bid, Atoy Co's shirt, and the opening of a new Premiere League season. What a transition into a Monday." 
The deadline to sign up for Islamic Relief fundraising Mount snowdon challenge will be on Friday the 21st. Sign up on: 
"Curtis, what was that false alarm in late July??? Or the gook   Something is being prepared.." 
John Cena is even the best at losing 
Who’s going to the rally for Khader Adnan in NY tomorrow? 
Debating going to IHOP tomorrow morning or just sleeping in... 
"Remember Sunday its the Enlighten Adelaide festival, Callington Show - Callington A&H Society Inc. and Mitcham... 
@user hi, may i ask what are the requirements needed for the iphone 5s under plan 999? 
PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with... 
#ESIAfrica Wescoal signs three year supply agreement with Eskom: 10 September 2012 - Junior coal mining group We... 
"Oh god, just realised I'm chain-smoking in Mother's party wig and pretending I'm PJ Harvey. Gonna get disemboweled in the morning for stinky" 
"And thank you for stopping by, Dustin Johnson. Maybe he just doesn't like Monday mornings." 
I actually spent my whole Sunday night watching Justin Bieber videos from YouTube on the tv 
"I'm going to @user at Fabrique in Milan, Italy - Apr 12 
Flashback Friday: let's make it about music today! July 24 1965 was the day Bob Dylan's Like a Rolling Stone went... 
@user I know, right? I wanted to go today but Mr. Milan convinced me it would be too busy. Maybe Tuesday." 
Seth Rollins won by the help of Stewart... 
Kesha's Camp Speaks Out on Dr. Luke Abuse Allegations: Following the news Tuesday of Kesh... #party #radio #music 
How May ffs do you want for Shawn and Normani?  
"John Kasich made the cut for Thursday night's Republican debate, but Rick Perry did not. 
@user @user  You may be right. However, Lincoln didn't listen to the SCOTUS when they said black people were not humans. 
Any chance Floyd Mayweather is going to announce his opponent for September 12th? 
"RT @user Names you may know on Lokomotiv's roster: Pavol Demitra, Karlis Skrastins, Karel Rachunek, Ruslan Salei, Josef Vasicek" 
"Reggie Wayne has run 64.1% of his routes from the slot. He has 45 targets on those routes, 3rd most in the league." 
watching it 4 the 2nd time 3shan @user @user  (watching The Devil Inside) #TheDevilInside 
@user will be on Sarah G Live this Sunday. Don`t forget to watch :3. She will have her first ever duet with Sarah G. :P 
@user yeaa im still lookin smh...may have to go to the adidas store. The asian dudes wear em 24/7. 
@user @user Hate to see it. Dustin Johnson on the 1st. #headsgone 
Dustin Johnson runs out of coke by the 4th round 
Seabuiscuit just ran by.. must be warming up for the Kentucky Derby  tomorrow... we need to set fire to Adele right meow @user 
If you think you can sing better than Mariah Carey now come on down to g-107 to audition after school tomorrow! 
1st. Starve her of food for at least 5 hours minimum. Then let her take a shower while you watch an episode of The Big Bang Theory. 
Who wants to go with me to a Chris Brown, Kid ink, Omarion concert this Thursday? I have tickets 
Tomorrow's plan: Climbing with Liam. Homemade mini pizzas for lunch. Hangs with Janet &amp; Dani. Dinner &amp; movie with Liam. Then The Following. 
"Ice Cube and Kevin Hart are back in the first trailer for Ride Along 2, due Jan 22nd 
Walked backstage and behind the bandstand I sat on Paul McCartney's amp cases where security told me to sit while the Wings began the show. 
Iran deal: Obama may have support he needs to avoid using veto 
On Wednesday, October 24, Season 3 American Idol contestant Jennifer Hudson channeled the upcoming holiday when ... 
EXCLUSIVE: Cate Blanchett may be joining the #Marvel universe! | Don't tease me! #scifi #movies #MCU 
Chelsea and Juventus in Pogba Talks: Now with the transfer window set to close tomorrow, at 18:00 hours, ... #cfc 
@user Put one in an iron maiden, shoot one in a rocket to the sun and drop the other off in Antarctica with only hoodie to wear." 
Fourteen environmental protesters arrested at Eskom on Tuesday have been released on bail, after the group... 
@user Mate besides inzaghi they all had managerial exp.. Carlo managed 3 teams before getting the milan job and pep manged 2nd team 
Tuesday my bd n I going up to Malcolm X to register him in school! 
Does anyone know how silver/red Arsenal members can sell their tickets? Can't make Saturday's game. #Arsenal @user @user 
@user They are coming to my area this Sunday, there is a signing too. I just saw them @ Riot Fest. I was shocked to see they were" 
"Waiting for the 2nd post credit stinger for Ant-Man, alone in the cinema, is probably the nerdiest thing I've ever done." 
@user Hey friend. I stopped by last Saturday.  Will be in Huntsville this weekend checking on family. Catch you next time. 
Wake up with Sweet Pete TOMORROW from 8AM to 10AM at the Dunkin' Donuts on Carmichael Street in Essex Junction... 
"c'mon guys, I want to see more insanity. Ask them to take a position on Hulk Hogan or something." 
"N.H. poll: Trump still 1st, but the mentally unstable John Kasich jumps like a boss into 2nd place - 
get used to it / justin bieber  
Wouldn't it be hilarious if Tom Brady warmed up with this football before Thursday's game? 
"Why is it u never hear, ""...the so called Muslim.""?It's always the 1st thing someone says when pointing a finger at Christians. #KimDavis" 
@user we wont know until tomorrow! I think it is between Colton and Herman! 
Hmmm I feel like this one is copied from the World leaders Paris march After Charlie Hebdo incident  
#2012Memories seeing @user for the first time at Riot Fest in Chicago. September 15 
"We as Christians may ask the question, ""Why is everything turning to evil and to the worse for the True Child of... 
wish I could just stay in bed all day tomorrow and binge on Netflix 
I think the boys may have thinking about Zayn at the #OTRAPhiladelphia when they sang Fresh Prince Bel Air 
Mihajlovic: It feels like Milan lost: The Rossoneri won on Saturday but the coach felt ... 
Fashion Against Aids collection by H&M is hitting the stores on Thursday,and we’ve already made our Top10 selection @user 
"Bono becomes world's richest pop star: London, Aug 31 : U2's Bono has become the world's richest pop star afte... 
@user a good question to reflect on by Le Guin, but I think both can be true. Or, Watchman may flesh out the reality of Mockingbird (1)" 
Sarah G. Day last Sunday!! Monday!! Tuesday!! Wednesday!! & xempre ngaung Thursday!! kip it up POPTSERS!!<3 
The Women’s Volleyball team will be playing in the Semi-Final Playoff game tomorrow at 7pm against Johnson and Wales University. 
"On this day, September 5, 2015 Emem Eduok made his competitive debut for the Super Eagles" 
I’m listening to Taylor Allderdice all day tomorrow. 
@user I can't see the tennis either, gutted I never sat the football but it looks like it's sky again for Murray?" 
@user One of the 12 has to go to Milan for work so may end up being auto drafted unless he can get set up on hotel wifi! 
Rick Perry: debating like the Seinfeld character that refers to himself in the 3rd person. "Jimmy's gettin' angry!" 
"Roman Reigns says he can one-up Dean Ambrose: Raw, Feb. 17, 2014 via @user 
@user I first heard them when """"Farewell to the Fairground"""" was their single, whenever that was. I think they have a 2nd album now" 
"#Rangers have placed Josh Hamilton on the 15-day DL, retroactive to August 16." 
@user serious Hillary moment for me, I am just noticing @user chair for the 1st time in this one. 
"Both Real Madrid and Manchester United will push for the deal to go through tomorrow, but personally I don't think the transfer will happen." 
@user Milan, in my opinion, have only the 7th best squad, after Inter, Roma, Juventus, Lazio, Napoli and Fiorentina." 
Pramod Venkatesh Mahajan 30 October 1949 was an Indian politician. He was one of the second generation leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party 
Murray or Allen starts the 2nd half? #TAMU 
"#Mets (C) David Wright went 2-for-5 with three runs scored, an RBI, a walk and 20th home run at Citizens Bank Park in his return. #MLB" 
It’s Conference Championship Weekend at NCS!! Come out tomorrow to cheer our Raiders on to Victory in the VIC and... 
@user Text me tomorrow if you get a chance! I watched TVD tonight 
Why is everything happening on September 24th I have 2 exams and it might be Eid and now this  
Paul McCartney's daughter (Stella) and Ringo Starr's son (Zak) share the same birthday:  September 13th. 
"I saw Paper Towns yesterday, and I sat next to a person who was just like @user he looked just like you! I freaked out a bit..." 
Seth Rollins absolutely has to win this Sunday if they don't want to ruin him forever now. 
@user so like you wanna come to IHOP with me tomorrow I have no friends 
Listen and Learn with Bobby Jindal at Ottumwa Republican Office Monday August 24 at 12:00 light lunch also. 
Gulf markets surge ahead of Saudi budget: Gulf stock markets edged higher on Sunday with Saudi Arabia rising i... 
Sat in the pub have a non-alcoholic beverage before going to see Ant-Man. 
"MAN. I remember we went to see it on a Wednesday, during a thunderstorm. Storming on Odin's day when we went to see Thor." 
@user @user Iran deal, climate deal, fast track, Bush tax cut repeal just some 2nd term agenda items" 
"Who's better, Paul McCartney or John Lennon? Get the facts from #MickRock: - #OnTheRecord premieres Sunday, 8 ET/5 PT" 
Gucci plenty inner man equilibrium june bear fruit the mates yours esoteric in offshoot versus dead shot robus... 
Make sure you tune into The Saga exclusively on Temple's only student run radio WHIP at iHeartRadio Monday through Thursday's at 9pm!! 
Justified may have jumped the shark. We shall see 
@user 1st step towards diluting the issue? Did you ask the same Q when it came to Gadkari?  @user 
10 Things You Should Know About #NLGJA15 - 1. It is the 25th Anniversary of the National Lesbian and Gay Journalis... 
Dr. Roseen will be in H3 tomorrow at 12:30p presenting about Yoga for Back Disorders. Don't miss it! 
Diet starts Monday when I wake up. Ends the same day. Always happens 
@user @user @user @user The Open - Leaderboard love it hope Paul Dunne is top tomorrow? 
@user hey amber are you free November 14th. I asked Nicki but her best friend told me she has a boyfriend, that's clear." 
"Frank Gifford was 'Monday Night' magic behind the mic, always 
"All I did was look up ""Kpop"" and BTS was on the 3rd row.  This makes me feel proud ????" 
if shawn wears a suit tomorrow at the vmas....i 
David de Gea's proposed transfer from ManU to Real Madrid has stalled after the relevant paperwork was received 28 minutes late on Monday 
"Adams says he accepts finding in 'Slab' libel case against Sunday Times over his alleged role in IRA, as the case was heard by a jury (1/2)" 
Q1 5:30. Alex Smith pass to Kyle Williams to the San Francisco 38 for 6 yards. 1st & 10. 
"The Official Premiere of Coffee & Cameras is tomorrow morning, but VIPs, get the full show today at... 
RAVE REVIEWS...BOOK NOW!      Sat 3rd, 7:30, The Cabinet Maker’s Daughter at Shaftesbury Arts Centre. Spread the word! 
Sunday seems to be a bad day for Dustin Johnson to play in majors!! Maybe Mondays will be better. 
"i was reading an interview with chris evans and it mentioned when he was young he'd have ""sunday night meltdowns"" about school. that's me" 
Yiying is two characters in the Chinese lang. The 1st part, Yi, means Happy. The 2nd part, Ying, means Creative. right? @user #learning 
Heading to London bringing the sdtrk to Shepard Fairey - @user Sound & Vision show Friday @user at Truman’s Brewery. 
"Green Bay Packers:  Five keys to defeating the Panthers in week seven: Aaron Rodgers On Sunday, ... #NFL #Packers" 
Just another typical Saturday!!!! Madison is reenacting the @user  Bad Blood video with her Dolls 
"Available now! Get the youth Real Madrid 3rd jersey. Available with #CR7, Bale, James or more: 
"Guys, no need to pity me. The 21st has been described as ""Kanye West meets the Louvre""" 
"Terry Gibson: ""... and yet Real Madrid let Iker go and replaced him with Navas. And so it remains to be seen yet."" 
"Kurt Cobain" just Snapped me this after I told him I work tomorrow. 
Alternative news: Black Triangle Sighting in Tucson, Arizona on October 20th 2012 - Red circle with triangle cut... 
@user why are you attacking me? I have nothing but love for all God's children. This isn't a gay issue. It's a 1st amendment issue! 
"today's life lesson courtesy of alabama - if you're gonna play in texas, you gotta have a fiddle in the band." 
I was thinking of buying a case of orchards cuz I have nothing to do tomorrow and I wanna just drink and watch netflix. 
My brother just told if Tom Brady was still suspended for 5 games he would still pick him up 1st round @user 
"B4 d hood was placed on Yakub's face, he insisted that he wanted 2 c d rising sun, which he was not allowed." 
@user I'm one of the few who agree with you about Game of Thrones. I also tried the 1st season and gave up. Dark doom and gloom. 
NBC writer @user has Lorenzo Brown as 4th best PG in the nation. Ryan Harrow comes in at No. 19: 
#Green #Environment Five fascinating facts that you may not know about sea turtles - Digi... #Wild #Planet #Earth 
Rousey is about to kill Hollie Holm in January. My guess is 16 seconds #UFC195 #bantemweightchampuonship 
Anyone who's interested in going to see Jason Aldean in concert on August 21st at Klipsch Music Center let me know. Section B (Up Front) 
"The Hokage sat at his desk, it was getting dark and he was getting ready to go home. Another quiet day at the office. Naruto had been in -" 
Pretty sure it's from American Greetings. I may have bought the Dean Ambrose and Roman Reigns cards yesterday. ;) 
@user @user What will Kanye West 1st Lady be doing when he becomes US president? Turn white house to Nude playing ground. 
British Summer Time Hyde Park 2016 tickets: Florence + the Machine and Kendrick Lamar to play July gig 
Not sure I could muster the mental strength to play 17 more holes after  doing what Dustin Johnson just did on the 1st. #PGAChampionship 
Spree books for a FIVER in Aberdeen, Edinburgh and Tayside - only until Wednesday!  - you can take advantage of... 
Did you know that 'Justin Bieber' was Trending Topic on Sunday 27 for 23 hours in Norway? #trndnl 
"SPC places parts of central & eastern NC in the """"Slight Risk"""" category for strong to severe storms with possible damaging winds on Thursday." 
@user yo you should check out that joint by   Kendrick Lamar and j Cole call black Friday 
Trump paid $200 to hear Adams speak about Irish peace process less than 4 months before huge IRA bomb on 9 Feb 1996 
"Monday Hatha Yoga 9.30 Chris dropped in to give a bit of Yang balance to the Yin in the room from Helen, Gabi,... 
"Though the students may not have agreed with Rahul Gandhi, but the statistics are supporting Rahul Gandhi #RahulStumped" 
Who's going to see Chris Brown tomorrow? 
"State has the week off, but Ole Miss may have a hard-fought game coming with the Volunteers. Dixon has the rundown: 
"Church in Pensacola does this 1 Sunday a year, every 2 yrs. Service with U2 songs in place of hymns/gospel songs. 
"Pictures of the day: 13 July 2015: Miss USA is crowned, a leaping gymnast and an erupting volcano" 
Elton vale vs Prestwich heys tomorrow. Equipment prep it is then this evening. 
Dustin Johnson setting the pace again. Hope he waits until at least Sunday before imploding. 
"RT @user RT @user Names you may know on Lokomotiv's roster: Pavol Demitra, Karlis Skrastins, Karel Rachunek, Ruslan Salei, ..." 
Cba with work tonight. Tommorw. Sat. Sun. And Monday. 
Kris Bryant injured sliding into 2nd after RBI. Hope he is ok #Cubs 
@user omg was it?? When I got into Kpop he was probably my 2nd bias becos of Exo showtime then I found out he left.. I was sad.. 
@user Sept 13 wear your Hulk Hogan shirt a lot of support around the world for hulk on this date 
"Sharknado may not be real, but Firenado is! Thinking of the firefighters who have been battling these conditions. 
Google is surprisingly unhelpful at providing the cubic oxygen intake per minute of an average adult weasel.  C'mon Google get it together. 
"All across the US, with Live Feeds down, Big Brother fans are seeing the Sun for the first time in months." 
In the news! The Ballad of Emmett Till in MySA by Deborah Martin. See the final performance on Sunday @ 3:00.... 
Kapal-Laut opens a new shop at 3rd floor beachwalk Bali, the heart of tourism in Bali. @user 
@user #pledge that the #RNC is trying to force U2 sign has nothing to do with what they say, they don't want U 2 run 3rd party" 
@user He just brought his 2nd album out and it’s at 1 in Amazon download chart um 
@user Its in Milan, so hopefully it will be there today. It was a bank holiday on Monday which may cause delay so no later than Monday" 
Indian Ocean with @user got 1.4m viewers on Sunday with repeated programme about Somalia. More than double much trailed show on C4. 
"Enter the light to craft beer nirvana, with a @user brewery tour! There is one every Friday. #BeerNirvana 
Frank Gifford was what the NY Giants were all about in the 50's and 60's. 1st class 
hbsbhsdv might be going to see sweeney todd in west end on monday! Imelda Staunton!!! 
yo free coffee tomorrow from dunkin if the birds win right 
NBA All-Star Game: Ranking the 3 Best Performances from All-Star Weekend: The All-Star game is an annual show pu... 
I gotta go and get some sleep.. its so late here.. will keep voting tomorrow morning before the closing #MTVStars lady Gaga 
It's NFL kickoff but you don't like Tom Brady so come to @user and my show next Thursday 9/10@7pm! Get tix 
***Thursday night Friday night dinner special***  Salmon & Jumbo Shrimp 15.95 Whole Fish (Porgie) 1.5lb with lemon... 
".@MileyCyrus hitting the nail on the head re: the 'Bad Blood' video, (amongst other things): 
Who's going to digi fest tomorrow and wants to hang out?? 
"On Wednesday afternoon, the Yankees took out their bats and began to wreck things in a 13-8 win over the Red Sox. 
Arsenal submitted a bid this evening for Scott Dann. Look like the move to LFC I talked about may be about to turn complicated 
"BJP warns Rahul Gandhi about using words like `chamcha`, `sycophants`: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Fri... 
iStrategies ~ PlayStation Network Maintenance Monday - If you’re looking to play PSN games this upcoming Monday, you... 
Fightweets: Was Conor McGregor on TUF #the right call? #boxing #chance #friday #hall #las 
"Ohio Gov. John Kasich launched his long-shot bid for the White House on Tuesday, casting himself as an underdog... 
For my 18th birthday I want a lap dance from that fat chick in Rella. 
@user visiting from Seattle and going to check out Stone Brewing tomorrow. I'll say hi from you sir. 
@user hey do you know if Shawn is going to be opening up for Taylor on Saturday?? 
John Cena may not be able to beat Seth Rollins but at least he can stop a boulder and saved Scooby Doo #rekt 
Me and @user booked in to see A Good Day To Die Hard on February 14 2013 (Valentine’s day). 
Tryna get wavy after work tomorrow it’s been a while 
"LRT: I'm planning to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow, but I just wanted to point out...um. NASA is tweeting about Sharknado." 
@user can we just skip our 3rd blocks tomorrow and go to sc and play please?! 
I wonder if they'll cut out Nicki calling Miley out when they air it again tomorrow 
Harry Kane may be a noble prince but he can't score goals without his army behind him aka WHY IS KANE ALWAYS ALONE UP FRONT CMON GUYS UGH 
@user when are you going to add Milan? C'mon 
Chancellor Angela Merkel leading the #exodus march to Germany  #MigrantMarch #migrantcrisis 
@user I'm GUCCI! Do you work tomorrow? 
"RamCharan, V.V.Vinayak's Nayak is d 1st Indian movie to be shot in the Slovenia (Europe) 
In an odd sort of clearance sale, the Kremlin announced on Monday that it is putting up a draft horse and a pony ...  
"'Forget the differences between the Hindus and Muslims, and think of yourselves as Indians' @user @user 
Igor Sechin: Rosneft’s Kremlin hard man comes out of the shadows | Business | 
#Rangers OF Josh Hamilton out of the lineup for 3rd straight game with sore knee. Hopes to return Thur vs. #Tigers. 
"""""Ghost of Mississippi"""" The story of the ghost that tripped Eli Manning on 4th down that fateful autumn night in Oxford. #30for30" 
"I swear, the night before I leave for an away football weekend, I can't sleep. It's like grown up-lotsa beer-12th Man towel Disney World" 
@user Are u coming up the 17th. Davis is playing Hawaii for vball so we will see Chris Webb and Scott Wong. ur mom & my mom are! 
My pals are off to the lake to hear the Foo Fighters and I'm just sat out my room listening from the distance.  Bailed again. 
"I'm going to Ben Sollee at Lexington Opera House in Lexington, KY - Dec 19 
@user Dublin this Saturday... Gotta get on the Guinness!! 
US expands Ebola screenings at airports: An official of the White House said on Friday in Washi... #BennyCapricon 
Just saw the Today show with 98 Degrees from Friday...Jeff Timmons got so hot...BRING BACK ALL THE BOY BANDS. #nsyncforlife 
Hmm need to convert the euros I have left from Barcelona for Bristol on Tuesday. 
March 18th until Uncharted 4. Guess the Nathan Drake collection will tide me over on PS4 until then. 
shawn may have trouble coming in tact with what his feelings are feelings to himself let alone u guys 
"Islamic State issues 11 rules that Christians must obey September 8, 2015  Zee News begins this story with this... 
Justin 1st leader signed commitment from all MPs on denying right to life (50% Canadians) How's it "giving MPs more say"? @user 
Five years before leaving the planet Sun Ra premiered a tone poem 'New York Town' featuring sections like 'Twilight in Central Park'. 
"Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh Says That He Is Not A Magician - LOL: Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday ... 
"Saving Face by Daniel Junge and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy:Oscar winner at the 84thBest Documentary (Short Subject):Wed, 26 Sept-Erasmus, 19:30" 
Did you know that 'Amazon Prime Day' was Trending Topic on Wednesday 15 for 3 hours in Glasgow? #trndnl 
"Fights in the Jets locker room sound way more exciting than a Floyd Mayweather fight, I may have paid $ for that #Jets #Mayweather #NFL" 
@user Making a Spotify list of albums you mention in your @user piece.  Cherry Moon stk or Sign ’O the Times Prince’s 7th album? 
A Friday night in the city @ Twilight Hawkers Market 
"Whelp, I get to go see One Direction perform tomorrow.  I saw them with Zayn and now I get to see them without him." 
"1st driver change in the @user #24hbcn Sjaco out, Milan in. P3 in Class. The HTM Saker is doing fine as well!" 
A good few Arsenal fans still pulling for Giroud. Guess it's 3rd/4th in the league, Round of 16 in CL and maybe an FA Cup again. 
I want to go to the Korean Festival tomorrow to see f(x) but I can just imagine all the scary Kpop fans that will be there. 
"December 20. 1958 John Lennon, Paul McCartney and George Harrison played together as the Quarrymen at the wedding... 
"Daylight Saving Time Ends Sun. 11/4 - be sure the time on your phone system is re-set, contact 800.300.0824,... 
Mets Insider: Monday may be Wright night: David Wright is still expected to join the Mets in Philadelphia Monday. 
"Wait. I dont get it. Hulk Hogan is now the 17th Candidate for Republican Primary? MSNBC 24x7 Coverage to follow, im sure. @user 
"Aldo-McGregor, Rousey Eyed for Cowboys Stadium on December 5 via @user she's best female fighter" 
"Pires""""For Cesc it is difficult because at Arsenal he knew he was going to play every Saturday, was the captain of the team and a crack.’’" 
Maybe I'll just draw Iron Maiden fan art the rest of the night. Wouldn't be the 1st time. 
"Follow our live RAW play by play, or Randy Orton will RKO you outta nowhere  
"RT @user RT @user I've got one ticket to the Michael Jackson tribute gig for sale on Oct 8th dm me for details,please RT!" 
any webcomic creators (besides the locals who I know will be there) plan on attending Phoenix Comicon in may? 
Bob Marley, Ambush in the night. Artists and Politics. On 3 December 1976, Bob Marley, his wife, and manager Don... 
"On 8 May, Saudi Arabia announced a five-day ceasefire set to start on 12 May, following heavy pressure from the US. #World" 
Justin Grimm strikes out Ryan Braun swinging to end the 8th with the score #Cubs 4 Brewers 1 
Don't forget to RSVP for Toronto's biggest hip hop jam on Sept 8th. We're going LIVE at City Nightclub with... 
"exception Dustin Johnson at the British Open @user 36-hole position of last 8 major winners 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st T1 T4 #PGAChamp""" 
@user Murray just got obliterated in the 4th set tiebreak 
I bet Liam wrote fools gold and Niall wrote nights changes while harryandlouis sat in the back of the room making out 
Amazon may sell $50 tablet with 6-inch screen during the Holiday Season 
Photo: Serena Williams defeats Venus Williams in the sisters' 5th meeting at the US Open; Serena heads to semifinal - @user via @user 
@user Can you react to both Kendrick Lamar's and J. Cole's Black Friday songs? 
"December 26 - Lady Gaga at the airport ""JFK"" in New York 
@user ->RT @user Stay tuned for the #BowlToTheWall contest tomorrow and get a chance to bowl to Rahul Dravid himself! 
"Oliseh invites 18 for Tanzania, drops Mikel Obi, Victor Moses: Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh, ... 
We bought our tickets to Sam smith in April and they reschedule it for September 30th the night before BYE 
@user aww..you know I’d be down to go but in leaving to Utah tomorrow =/ Hold it down for Long Beach tho! 
tomorrow the judge will decide his own fate when he pass a verdict on @user case. Nabeel is a free man 
@user  Hey paul Can make this triple threat match Randy orton john cena brock lesner vs seth rollins tommorrow night or monday night raw 
@user It's been saying "arrived at hub" since Sunday but I guess it has something to do with Labor Day. We'll see. 
Follow the top Lady Gaga stories for Dec 20 on our topical page: 
Sunday with Sufjan Stevens - Casimir Pulaski Day live at Manchester Apollo 19/05/11: via @user 
Jonas Brothers are gonna go live at Fort Canning on the 22nd. Hmmmm. 
Our founder (@CharlieHilton) will be speaking at Social Media Week (#SMWLDN) on Friday. Read about it: #SMWfrienefits 
Watching a Chuck Close documentary with my cat on a Friday night; I am exactly who my students imagine I am. 
"Okay, friends ... you have heard me mention a book signing event in Akron, Ohio June 24th ... here is the... 
@user @user @user is the 2nd secret "side deal" for Iranian Palaces for O &amp; Kerry? 
Oracle 1st at the top and head right looking downwind, ETNZ will follow them 24s behind, then @user going left for the split 
@user @user Maybe that explains why the Sun before the election YouGov had CO 48-47 Obama and it turned out 51-46 
"Nokia N9, BlackBerry Bold Touch clear FCC: The Nokia N9, as you may remember, showed a bizarre twist in the comp... 
Kugan Cassius interviewing Ricky Burns on his Dec 15th fight! Is Rick the only World Champ still working part time?!.. 
Brock Lesnar vs Undertaker Sunday Night. I'm about as hyped as one can be for a scripted (almost) sporting event 
How is nCase flip case cover for Moto G 3rd Gen @user Or any other reco apart from the official one? 
"Surgeon remove prostate cancer with robot: Milan, December 28 - Surgeons used a robot to excise a cancerous pr... 
"Ready to hit this Friday morning t/p. Always think of it this way, Bulls make money,and bears make money. #forex  #PriceActionTrading" 
wanted to go see Joey perform tonight but then again I might just go on Sat cuz I remembered Ventura shows are weak compared to LA/OC shows 
I've went over this already @user I'll set up a Google+ hangout which is a live feed to YouTube. I'll send you the invite Sunday. 
"14-Aug  The day of independence,  The day of Sacrifices of Muslims, The Victory of Pakistan, I proud to be a... 
"That may be true, Mr. Kirigiri, but can any of your students do THIS? [strikes a pose before bustin' a move to the Bee Gees]" 
"If you're going to be sad, you may as well be sad in Milan." 
@user Thor was all night away .. He sat then on the balcony ..and just was still. 
Who’s going to Pumpkins and Pancakes at @user October 28? #halloween 
The Sun: Two mega deals end in a farce. MUFC hit back at Real Madrid with their own statement. 
Follow the top David Bowie stories for Nov 02 on our topical page: 
If the NHL lockout ended, Preds would have 2 road games 1st week in October (St. Louis - Oct 2nd & Wash.- Oct 5th) according to the website. 
#xc-dsign The digital installation built for 2nd Nature Gardens at the Chelsea Flower Show used a ge 
NEW: Joe Biden may not announce a decision on 2016 race until well into the fall. 
Help me smart peeps:  I need to get from the city to Alsip, back to the city on a Friday night.  Cheapest way to go? (it’s for a wedding) 
@user I grew up in Alsip, oak lawn is like my 2nd home. Reason for the city is wifes job at (cont) 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Game-by-Game Predictions for 2nd Half of the Season - Bleacher Report 
MVP - Chris Paul 6th Man - Jason Terry Defensive Player - Iman Shumpert Most Improved - Paul George Coach of the Year - George Karl 
When Amy schumer is friends with ur 2nd grade teacher &amp; updates u on her life (she taught the other class but still) 
5-5 in the 4th set between Murray &amp; Anderson  This one's over the 4hr mark  #USOpen #bbctennis 
@user Yes mam!Better Google it! You know some people dont have any work&amp; may create it as a big scene!Thiz happening for many celeb.Tc 
"Low shot from 18 yds by Weissenhofer, but it rolls harmless to the right of the post. 31st minute. Still 1-0 Red Stars." 
@user Y'all have the Celtics on Saturday. Chalk that one up now. 0-2 
"Ant-Man ends this Thursday. See it before it goes. Plays daily at 1:15, 3:50, 6:40 &amp; 9:40 PM 
@user @user  One of my 1st music videos in the 90’s is """"Bad Blood"""" of @user ’s dad .  An AIDS awareness video of Francis M." 
Pics and video of the broken nose John Cena suffered in WWE Raw main event with Seth Rollins via @user 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met top military officers at the Defence Ministry War Room in Delhi on Friday. 
Bengaluru: Rahul Gandhi to interact with students over 'Building Vibrant India' on Nov 25 
"I'm going to Citizens For Public Schools, Inc. - Jonathan Kozol 30th Anniversary CPS Lecture #event - go signup!" 
"Real Madrid clearly did not really want David De Gea, sign anew deal lad.  
cheap colts jerseys: Yahoo! Sports news Beijing standard time on April 25th at two forty-five in the morning ( local... 
"Hauschka is $ from 27 yards out. Seahawks up 13-6 with 6:19 left in the 3rd. #SEAvsSD and my The #Mariners still lead the White Sox, 5-2." 
Jonathan Grimes / Grimes, who was claimed off waivers by the Texans on Wednesday, #NFL #HOU 
Barcelona will be without captain Carles Puyol for up to eight weeks after he dislocated his elbow in Tuesday's ... 
Buses to replace train services on Sunday as fans flock to the National Bowl to see Foo Fighters | oneMK 
We meet every Thursday to answer the questions asked on the SEO Questions community on Google+ 
met Slum Village, Just Blaze, and 9th Wonder. saw Fred The Godson, Raekwon, Nipsey Hussle, and Trae The Truth perform, all in one day. 
David Wright will make what should be his last rehab appearance with St. Lucie tonight before joining the Mets on Monday. 
"I am not used to being back to the dark side. It is legit jet black, hello Wednesday Adams haha!" 
".@globeandmail, it's Jul 19th, 9:35 pm &amp; your app is showing a British Open story claiming Dustin Johnson as leader? 
Worth watching: Hamilton County (TN) Sheriff Jim Hammond's Full Speech about Islam at the Pachyderm Club: 
PlayStation Network maintenance on October 15: Services going offline, possibly to make way for the new PS Store... 
@user Thanks Jan, U2 ~ Just attending to stray kitten which has arrived ""out of the blue"" ~ Grey &amp; Cloudy here in Gwynedd today ~" 
@user C'mon honey, I'm on my knees. I'll beg u as long as I have to. Someone might beat u2 the punch if u stay angry 4eva." 
Murray &amp; Konta aim for last eight: Britons Andy Murray and Johanna Konta will be in fourth-round action at the US Open on Monday night. 
"Friday Oct 19th and Saturday Oct 20th At Club Paradise,Its going down for MCA Homecoming weekend.Hosted by @user x1 
Vanessa and denies are coming shopping with me on black friday.! 
@user Omo seriously? I got into Kpop because of BIGBANG too then after that i discovered B2ST so they were the 2nd boyband i got into 
Now that Halloween is over, read about Britain’s traditional Guy Fawkes Night! Remember Remember the 5th of November! 
now time to wank to the thought I will have PS4 destiny tomorrow 
@user what about Here Comes the Sun by George Harrison or Laughter in the Rain by Neil Sedaka? 
"Gay marriage, the rainbow, and a Christian's response: an article I wrote for @user on Saturday... 
Real Madrid confirm that Man United were willing to negotiate the De Gea deal only on Monday morning. 
It has been at least three months since I’ve heard an LMFAO song.  Give it another month or two and I may once again venture outside. 
Brock Lesnar and the Undertaker in their May/December feud #RAW 
Aren't the White Sox ahead of Detroit right now 
"...only to be beaten by a then babyface Seth Rollins. Rollins would only then drop the belt sometime before June to Sheamus, I guess..." 
@user ##DigitalNirvana Digital Nirvana with Croma  a shorter commute may even save your relationship 
RT @user They should make a new Friday and have Kevin Hart Katt Williams And Mike Epps in it. 
Coach Sunday Oliseh will be in charge for the 1st time as Super Eagles manager as Nigeria tackle Tanzania on Saturday. #MadeOfGreen 
Nicki does not have the time to be shady she will deadass drop the tea on ya lap and let you get a 3rd degree burn 
@user 31Dec1988 v newcastle was my 1st ever game, 2-0 you & Walshy scored, you and gazza was laurel & hardy on programme #COYS" 
Australia Test and ODI captain Michael Clarke at the launch of the international season in Sydney on Monday... @user 
And the filets!! 1st Copper River Salmon of the season! 
Yes I backup with Google and Dropbox.  
Gary Ablett with 110 #dreamteam points at half time... looks like he may have a big game.. 
@user @user just saw Rhonda Rousey will be at UFC event in Seattle December 8. You should have the rematch here, near home! 
Nasheed, you have endorsed CoNi report today. Please don’t change your mind tomorrow 
Even maybe more odd is the Marion County judge in OR who refuses to conduct any gay marriages. Apparent he may have right but still. #bigot 
"Wed: Preschool Movie Time, 9:30 a.m.; Homeschooler’s Book Discussion, 10:30 a.m.; Afternoon Tea with ""Downton Abbey,"" 12:30 p.m. #ephrata" 
Bay Area heads! i’ll be on the piano at Yoshi’s San Fran this Sunday playing with the one n only Dwight Trible - 
Check out Dean Ambrose in the 1st trailer for 12 Rounds 3: Lockdown 
I can't get over Black Friday! J Coke and Kendrick both killed it!  
USA calls last time out with 5:20 left in the half. They have 1st and 10 at Red Wolves 34. 
Wednesday at The Corner Studio:  9:30-10:30am All Levels Yoga with Amie 6-7:15pm Core Flow Yoga with Heather... 
@user John Cena like never seen before.With this aggression Cena will rip apart Seth Rollins n be the 16th time champ #RAW 
The Voting Rights Act turns 50 on Thursday. A funny thing happened on the way to post-racial nirvana at the polls. 
@user Two completely different days.  World Book Day is for kids March 1 2012.  This day is World Book Night - for adults... 
Wanna WINWIN some tickets to the Vice x CPH:DOX - DK x DR party this Saturday with James Murphy and 2ManyDj’s on... 
I had a dream I went to another otra show but Niall was sick and couldn't come so I just sat the whole time except during the fireworks 
"The last day of Eid (Monday)  Ceasfire has ended with 115 martyrs including 7 children and 3 women, LCC #Syria 
"When u say ""put on"" u gotta give Wayne the credit for nikki. Gucci may have been fuckin wit her but Wayne the reason she ""on""" 
Class is in: Learn the key new terms for the NFL season: Tom Brady is suiting up Thursday night against P... #NFL 
Calibraska had gone down to 6th in the UK!! #CalibraksaEP 
@user @user @user and whoever else wants to see it... Paper Towns on Sunday? 
Going through a Jay-Z album per day starting tomorrow. Skipping over Best of Both Worlds though. Hated that one. 
Where is she??? Today is Thursday and she always spam my tl about Naruto around this time. 
Yeah that's just what I wanted...hearing about Kanye West non-stop heading into a Monday. #not 
"Charlie Sheen's ""winning"" ways get roasted on TV: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - He may have looked like he was ""... 
"WWE Raw results from Seattle, Washington (August 10)  -WWE World Heavyweight Champion, Seth Rollins opens the... 
"Wade Miley tagged for five earned runs: Tuesday against the White Sox, Boston starter Wade Miley surrendered f... 
20 July 1965 Bob Dylan's Like a Rolling Stone released - here's the original mono mix #HowDoesItFeel #Dylan #classic 
Kentucky's Stoops is wary of the Tigers' big-play potential. LSU is 12th in nation in plays of 20 yards or more: 
"So, buying a PS4 tomorrow. Comes with #ArkhamKnight. Any recommendations for a 2nd game? Quite like the look of The Last Of Us..." 
@user  I just ran a marathon on Sunday with my hair bright pink for BCA! #BecauseICare 
if exo-m is going to nanjing tomorrow... black-haired lu han? owo 
"Billboard list need Tupac, damn 9th-Ranked Kendrick Lamar on @user not making the Top 10 Rappers of all Time list 
The Daily Zap: Catch highlights from Thursday’s action in the NBA. 
Before you make plans for this Friday night, check out this event benefitting Bolder Options Rochester. It’ll be... 
LBJ out with cramps. Steps on Chalmers. C’s ball. Offensive foul. 100-89, Heat ball. 7:57 left in the 4th. 
Persona 4 Golden will arrive in North America for the PlayStation Vita on November 20. Publisher Atlus also noted in today’s announc... 
My microwave wasn't working so I just played Kendrick and Coles Black Friday... 
"#fashion #style Kim Kardashian Explains the Special Secret Meaning Behind Her ""Just Mar... 
I just remember there is NHK reporters coming at University tomorrow \o/ 
"Emmylou Harris & @user singing """"The Maker"""" to close the entire ’Wrecking Ball’ performance in Nashville on Wed. 
Anyone got peeps at #Harvard? Going to hear Jonathan Kozol speak tomorrow. Hoping they allow motorscooters at the bike racks? 
When Christians aunt asks us if we want to go to the Red Sox vs Yankees game on Tuesday&gt;&gt; 
"The Friday Question: What is Your Calling?: Islam reached us by the Mercy of Allah, through the service of Muslims. 
@user predicted right now to be in the Orange Bowl playing Rutgers on Jan. 1 
Finishing Jurassic park for like the 100th time tomorrow. Film class is gonna have a lot of reruns for me. All the batman films, Star Wars.. 
Charlie Rose with rich Lowry, Mort Zuckerman, Charles Cook, Karen Tumulty, Roger Simon & David Sanger (March 2, ... 
"Chris Evans directed and stars in the romantic comedy, Before We Go. In cinemas Friday.  
Had a cameo in the columnist seat Monday night. Here's my perspective on David Wright's return: 
"Straight Outta Compton again... for the 3rd time. ""Yeaah Yay!"" (In Ice Cube's voice)" 
@user inhuman rejection of Muslims in Bihar may push the community towards someone that may change the political equation 4ever 
@user @user dana white said may getva rematch in ufc 200 rousey thought she wanted 2 finish ongoing projects. 
BUSTED @user caught out celebrating the 1st’a cup win with Andy Carroll and Joe Hart #Beer #Jager 
Hanging with oomf tomorrow then Saturday after I get off work (; 
Check out me and the hubby at Phoenix Comicon this past Saturday: Medieval Batman &amp; Wonder Woman 
Mosconi Cup from Monday 10th to Thursday 13th December at the York Hall, Bethnal Green, London 
RT @user Comedy Central RT @user What channel is Arsenal game on tonight 
@user when are you guys gonna add Kendrick lamar's new mixtape Black Friday 
@user see you tomorrow Caitlyn Jenner 
"Per @user the Capitol and Capitol Visitor Center will be closed tomorrow; tours, suspended: 
Haley Cox and I have decided we are going to skip the  Jason Aldean concert this coming Friday.  If you want our... 
Stuck in the lodge with Jim the dads army loving sound guy who claims Seinfeld and Friends are the worst shows of all time. I may knife him. 
Remind me to watch 30 Rock online on Friday... Ryan Lochte is going to be on it ;) 
Find us right here tomorrow for @user with @user and Nintendo "pew pew" 
Jesus may have been born on Christmas and died on Easter, but he got the tableware for the Last Supper at 40% off on Amazon Prime Day. 
Measure out half an 8th put it in a shell. Split it then I roll it then light it up like it's Independence Day 
Tomorrow Venus will pass in front of the Sun. It will b a small dot, if u happen to look at the Sun. 
Paul Dunne's 3rd round score of 66 is the lowest ever score by an amateur in The Open! What an achievement! 
I like testing Amazon Prime shipping so I don't order shit till 5:00 on a Friday to see if they can get it here by Saturday... 
How much does @user want to win Va? Enough for 2 more rallies here on Monday, last day of campaigning, in Lynchburg & Fairfax. 
"Have I shaken hands with the next Prime Minister? If it's Corbyn or Boris or Theresa May or Jeremy Hunt, yes. If it's George Osborne, no." 
@user may album sya with Jay-Z baka Lift Off kakantahin nila with Bey. 
I wanna go see sinister Friday yo.. Ain’t been to the movies in a good min.. I  went by myself to see Red Tails.. 
@user  Trade Gordon to the Mavs for Mayo, Kaman, Jae Crowder & 2014 Mavs 1st rounder. Maybe Cuban will take The Risk! 
Rock(s) Rider - HD Edition *** PLEASE NOTE: Compatible with iPhone 4s, iPad 2, iPad mini, iPod touch (5th... 
Trump to meet with Netanyahu during Israel visit on ... 
@user no internet coverage at the festival, snoop Dogg was on Friday ocean colour scene &amp; basement jaxx on Saturday. Johnny Marr &amp; 
For how long, i might be in NJ then?RT @user @user Thursday Night the 13th of Dec. 
Anne Curtis and Toni Gonzaga, all set for the grand showdown of beauty and talent this Sunday (via @user 
Bradley Wiggins with a ITT fitting a Maillot Jaune. British 1-2 for the stage. Also a Team Sky 1-2. Spartacus in 3rd. 
I think Erik Rowand will be the 3rd member of Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose's team for Night of Champions #RAW #WWE 
Beliebers have about 40+% more tweets than Justin. You may think we’re tweeting random shit but there’s lots to tweet about Kidrauhl. 
Got new Aesop Rock, Master Ace & DOOM, Nas, Flatbush Zombies, Jon Connor, & Cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow, been sleepin on lots of shit 
"Wife wants to have a Sharknado 3 party tomorrow, but we don't have Syfy anymore.  Found a way for her to watch it though... we'll see..." 
Tonight is the 1st Epic Sketch Time Google+ #Hangout Come join, draw and meet some artists. 7:30PST #epicsketchtime 
"From the new David Bowie album, available 8 January 2016   #DavidBowie #music" 
I think I'm starting to get sick &amp; it's not okay because I'm going to Disneyland tomorrow )-: 
Gay marriage fight in Kentucky faces moment of truth Tuesday: The Supreme Court ruled against the county clerk... 
@user Sorry you had that weird disturbance on Sunday. I'm the random guy that helped out. Please give my thanks to Justin. 
@user congress may declare Yakub as a martyr and declare him as junior father of the nation ! 
@user I still have the file I typed up Matt went first, me 2nd and 3rd, so on - 1. Beyonce 2. Jennifer Lopez 3. Katy Perry" 
@user <U>+  not going there>W Bush years, Dennis Kucinich speaks @ DNC on Aug. 26, '08 WAKE UP AMERICA  
Rabby are rumoured to be going to watch 'Paper Towns' on Saturday  Care to confirm? @user and @user 
"David Wright hits a homer in his 1st at-bat off the DL, 3-1 #Phillies" 
"Today, 9 August 2012, is National Women's Day in South Africa as well as International Day of the World's Indigenous People" 
Comedy central going IN tonight... 
The department of labor on MLK in Atlanta is having a job fair November 8th 10: 00 am to 2: 00pm even doing on the spot interviews 
@user @user The mic batteries are running out! Murray 3-1 up 2nd set with a break. Matchsticks needed for my eyes here! 
@user do you have info for tomorrow Shawn in San diego? 
Don't forget about Daylight Savings time. It is this Sunday morning at 3am. You get to move your clock back to... 
@user @user @user @user @user @user the Clinton 2nd time, then Bush, then Kerry then I must confess Obama. 
Not surprised David Beckham is 2nd highest earning former athlete, every country in the world I go to his fucking balls are in my face 
"After they tee off, I want to see either Paul Dunne or Jordan Spieth grab the mike and say ""Now on the 1st tee, Ivor Robson."" #TheOpen" 
The Yankees have the sharp lefty MATT MOORE on the hill against Eovaldi tomorrow. So give David Price some runs. 
White Sox: 10th walk-off win of season is 2nd-most in MLB (Cubs with 12 entering Sunday) 
"Drove the bike today, about 40 miles. Felt like Jim carrey on me myself and Irene!" 
Create an olfactory nirvana with the Figuier &amp; Baies Perfumed Candles from @user - Launching in October. Rx 
Floyd Mayweather was at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas on Saturday night to unveil a portrait of himself after receiving the Fighter of the 
@user Walrus, die word bereden door Michelle Obama in de opkomende zon met tekst "I wish i was that walrus, cuz the sun is pretty" 
@user Have you heard any reasoned justification for making James Pattinson 12th man? 
@user I'm due to see foo fighters on Sunday and I've bought car parking tickets, it doesn't state on the ticket which car park to use" 
Colby Robak gets credit for 2nd assist on Rampage first goal. 1-1 tie, Aeros in San Antonio, halfway through the first. 
I'm finishing Katy Perry Part Of Me (second viewing obvs) and I'm getting to the REALLY SAD BIT and I think I may cry again #pray4me 
Justin Bieber October 2: New photo of Justin with Lenny Kravitz at... 
"How did Marco Rubio, Eva Longoria and Marc Anthony bring star power to the election? NBC Latino breaks it down #latism 
@user you went to Henryville up til like 4th grade right?? 
Monta Ellis / Ellis had just two points on 1-of-11 shooting on Friday against #nba 
See you on March 24th. From Argentina to Miami, no limits for #ASOT and @user 
"Saraki promises robust legislation to end Boko Haram: Bukola Saraki, the Senate President on Monday said that ... 
#NUFC’s last league win at Anfield was actually my first visit there, in 94.An emotional day with the 5th Anv. of H’boro #LFC 
alarm clock is set for 7 jokes i don't have to enrole at college till 2 then don't start till the 10th #Bazinga 
Former #UAB &amp; amateur golfer Paul Dunne is in a 3-way-tie for the lead at The Open Championship at -12 going into tomorrow's final round. 
PlayStation Vita | A Free-to-Play RPG Worth Playing, Landing on the Vita in Early 2013 Picotto Knights may be 
I'm just sat here crying over the last episode of Hannibal #bye 
@user I agree with Bert. Amy Schumer may not be in as many nominated movie roles just bcause her base is comedy - gets less noms 
That's the 1st Nintendo franchise that landed on Android that I saw,  and with a puzzle game no less. 
@user Batman played with a broken back....The Mets don't have to let him pitch on Tuesday. Hold him 4 postseason. 2 starts left. 
14th Amendment, EqualProtection and due process under the law, that and SCOTUS declared marriage a civil right. Next 
@user @user Just wanted to say all ppl with different views may not b cowards or have mercy towards Yakub. 
On the basis of which values has Islam raised the most distinguished scientists? #sun #Provo 
@user he’s on the plane to Amsterdam now, bet he’s not in class tomorrow 
Google+ may not be all it's cracked up to be but we promise if you follow us we'll follow back 
There is a rumor going around that Madonna's new single will be released tomorrow. Don't believe in this lie! 
BBC Sport : @user  Change of shirt. Change of plan  All change?  Andy Murray takes the 3rd v Anderson htt... 
What will happen to #PortChuck if Port Charles voters vote to change the name of the city to Port Pine View on the Nov 6th referendum? 
What I tell you bout Gucci slander on Sunday's? 
....which unfortunately didn't happen but India's Dawood funded ecosystem is trying its best to 2nd guess the judicial system to save Yakub. 
5H and the multiple delays of their 1st album drove me to kpop..... I hope they're happy 
"On this day 1976, Paul Simon hosted NBC's Saturday Night Live where he performed with George Harrison on Here Comes The Sun, Homeward Bound." 
RT @user Tonight - we test one of our Nuit Blanche projects! Nuit Blanche is coming up! What are we doing you ask? ... 
"April does not die, it is the soul of Sharknado with Fin. Do not she remove, please @user #AprilLives #Sharknado4" 
EA #E3 News you may have missed: SimCity  confirmed for Feb 2013 & SimCity Social for Facebook; Crysis 3 Feb 2013 release <c> 
Justin Bieber's pianoforte was not you may _not_ remember her life. 
"After blocking roads adjacent to Islamic Centre, @user plans to make everyday a Friday or Eid so that the mosque will always be full" 
DEPARTURE of ship: SHAM Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 4:09AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approache... 
Droid Bionic Confirmed for September 8th: While most of the United States had its eyes on the East cost last nig... 
"1./ ""O you who believe! don't take the Jews and the Christians for friends; they are friends of each other.   
"when thy plans get cancelled, go to the coffee shop and listen to frank ocean -the 11th commandment or something..." 
"Is it weird that I'd rather David Wright not come back, so Uribe could stay at 3rd?" 
some guy sat next to me and tried to start a conversation but then he saw me reblogging 1D stuff on tumblr and left ahahahaha 
The Elizabeth Warren test: Why Joe Biden's presidential run may be over before it begins #ows #p2 
Where to fit #VoyageToVenus in my 6th Doctor timeline? Before Evelyn? After Charley? Maybe there’s a clue in the dialogue #WhovianProblems 
In French Open QF, Federer didn't break serve -- 1st time in Slam match in 13 years. Tonight he breaks for 1st time in his last return game. 
@user Thanks. My dad gets CT scan results Thursday and Shawn's dad is going through scans, too." 
Packers TE Richard Rodgers will do some catching up with his dad Sunday #packers 
"Looking at my Gucci it's about that time. Bldg 406, 2nd floor. #giaf15 @user #art #charcoal #drawing #gucci 
Follow @user for coverage of Scott Walker at the Iowa State Fair. Here's a preview:  
@user hey! Do you know info about the Shawn event to Saturday? Like I know to be there by 11 but what time would it end &amp; where is it 
@user This May Yassine character claims she's heard a song from Zayn's new album. She says it's good. i don't believe her tho 
Rousey fighting again in January. Gonna give Holm the benefit of the doubt and say she may make it past a minute. 
So, you all may have noticed that Alli-GATOR and Batman have been MIA. Well, I left Alli with Randi, and I passed... 
Wright set to start after coming off DL Friday: --David Price will make his seventh star... 
The birthday boy and his lamb. The lamb’s name is Balki. Come out to the Volstead tomorrow for a taste. #ouimybuddy 
YouTube Gaming Officially Launches On Web, Android, iOS On August 26: YouTube is finally going to r... #webseries 
Arriving tomorrow and throughout the weekend: Copper River Salmon from Alaska Wianno Oysters from Cape Cod Fresh Alaskan Halibut 
The closing ceremony of the London 2012 Summer Olympics was held on 12 August 2012. The ceremony included a... 
Here's what happened when Jon Stewart got into the ring with John Cena during Sunday night's WWE SummerSlam 
@user hey toki, saw you at Webster hall last Friday Was hoping you would drop """"Gamble"""" on us all :( come visit us in state college pa!" 
I may or may not have just given birth to Kanye West 
"Christ, the last thing I want to be looking at on a Monday afternoon is Sam Smith's ring." 
"I just listed: 'Rolling Stone September 1 2011 Red Hot Chili Peppers on Cover, Glen Campbel...', for 5.95 via @user 
"QWIK TIP: If you're sending Christmas gifts to deployed military, the cheapest/slowest route to APO/FPO means you must ship by Nov 8. #USPS" 
China to open cultural centre in Nepal: Kathmandu, Nov 2 (IANS) China is going to open a cultural cen... @user 
"The Mets get to see the ring ceremony. That's the ""message"" they send to Thor.  
that one time my grandma met Caitlyn Jenner for the 2ND TIME 
Paper Towns is released in the UK tomorrow and I have nobody to watch it with. *cries eternally* 
"ryan bowie leads the lumberjacks in points with 21. he may be related to david bowie, but i doubt it." 
I may have to pull out my Oldskool iPod and just blast some Tupac from my TV this morning #RIP 
So far Chris Sale is sitting at 5th place for White Sox single season k leaders with 227. 
Indians fire manager Acta with six games left: The Cleveland Indians fired manager Manny Acta on Thursday, endin... 
Hip Hop Fans! #TALIBKWELI - IDLE WARSHIP WITH #RES this Fri  @ Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts 
"April 4th against the Red Sox, already scheduled it off work" 
#HelloKarachi #EidMubarak Which #Food would you prefer to eat on Eid 3rd Day? 
A woman called Nicki a wee bitch and spat because she sat down in front of her on the 11 
Gucci bags shadow fearlessness february obtain the dyad your idiosyncratic trendy reckoning until artist spark... 
Be here TONIGHT at 6pm to see the UFC Middleweight Championship fight between Anderson Silva and Yushin Okami for FREE! 
@user @user How many times you stepped in a mosque and sat down and spoke to Muslims ?  NEVER ! I suspect . 
C'mon now the only black person on Seinfeld was the lawyer who was supposed to be an imitation of Cochrane 
louis and briana may be shopping today but she's not the one who was introduced to the tomlinson squad during jay's wedding today smh 
"Otis, Curtis &amp; Marvin will put you in an interesting place on Friday." 
@user Texas,Houston When i meet with him tomorrow i will tell him how many copy’s i need would you like one with a case or no case 
@user also if you want people to buy the game on the November 6th 2015 you need to do what you did for PS4 and they had no issues!!!!!!! 
Snow may fall for parts of CNY the next few days. Find out where the best chances will be at 6:42 am on TV & online: 
MAYBE. i’ll text you tomorrow Lauren lol i get queasy giving blood. we’ll see.... 
@user @user Mostly its the Patterson issue, Asiata is useless aside from a being decent 3rd down &amp; goal line RB." 
Refer a friend to serve and you could win an Apple Watch! See how and enter by Friday at 
"Silver Lining: Even if you missed their performance at the Creative Alliance on August 12, you can still enjoy the... 
@user @user Since the Mormon church is growing big in 3rd world countries,Obama can ship our Muslims to Salt Lake City 
frank ocean idk how im going to make it through tomorrow so pls drop the album 
Motorola has announced their 3rd generation Moto G smartphone and we have all the details on this new Motorola... 
@user @user @user the security wall makes Israel safer. 2nd intafada 1000 civilians killed. After wall 80% drop. 
@user A Culprit should be punished not matter what the religion may be, but in Yakub's case," 
Henryville vs. Charlestown volleyball game Tuesday!! Who’s going?! #AtHenryville #GonnaHaveADJ #CancerNight 
Is Seth Rollins the most talked about wwe champion of all time of being clowned every Monday nite??I mean everybody takes turns on him 
So what if Madonna thought BTW was "reductive"? Is she not allowed to have an opinion or be honest?? 
Almost another Warriors collapse in the 3rd, but they were able to pull through and get the W 
Louis couldn't have gotten Briana pregnant in February unless it was before February 4th he wasn't even in LA 
Anderson stopped at the donation station. Murray on way back from 2 sets down!! C'mon Andy! 
"Coming Tomorrow, my response to the conservative dissenting opinion on GAY marriage. This one can get me killed by radical Christians." 
Just watching the @user  game and I totally thought Ryan Braun's double was out of here in the bottom of the 8th! #soclose 
#Confirmed Lali will be one of the two opening acts for Katy Perry's concert in Argentina October 3rd! 
@user aren't you a Cleveland Cavs fan? The Chicago Bulls play them tomorrow. 
Have you ever listened to?  Lady Friday Night- Katy Perry   #RT: YES  FAV: NO  #MTVHottest Justin Bieber   #WhereAreUNowVMA 
Scott Walker says he unsealed his records from college: False via @user 
@user @user @user Hillary has got 2 get it together by #October cuz U know whomever d Repub's nominee #Readyfortheshow!! 
@user check @user timeline mate, looks like we’ll find out if we found the gym. If Vitali steps up we may have to go too 
@user catelynn and Tyler from teen mom are going to Western to speak next Tuesday. 
Heavy rain over parts of NE. Some showers in CNY. Any sun? How about the weekend? Your forecast FIRST at 4am on NBC-3! 
@user I cried when I passed by the arena with my summer camp cause of Sam Smith PCD/ Ariana Grande Oct 13th 
"'Islam and Democracy in Indonesia', 15 September 12:30-13:30, with Michael Buehler speaking @user @user 
"Thor just giving me my 16th heart attack of the night. It's okay, just some candy corn lodged in my valves this time. #LGM" 
Two Dem incumbents face recall challenges tonight in Wisconsin. @user raises the curtain: 
The Dustin Johnson bunker is located somewhere under this grandstand on the 18th. #WalkingWhistling 
"Cattle market to be set up at Super Highway from Aug 15: KARACHI: In connection with Eid ul Azha, the cattle m... 
@user are you doing anything special for National Hot Dog Day, July 23??" 
Copper river salmon season is just days away from starting...Call us on May 17th for pricing 
My parents are going to Musikfest on Saturday and said they won't go to see Snoop Dogg. I'm officially not their daughter anymore. 
is nobody going to see Ed Sheeran this Thursday or.. 
@user November 4th at Constitution Hall & idk I guess she’s out lolol 
I WENT TO WWAT IN SPAIN 11 JULY You promise follow me in @user ???? It's impossible that you see this.. @user 
Tomorrow Thorbjorn will be paired with Richard Bland and will be teeing off at 11:41 am (GMT +1). 
3rd: The Weeknd sounds just like Michael Jackson 
#Law #Legal #SMM Man charged with IRA membership at Saturday evening sitting of Special ... - Irish Independent 
All the talk will be about Nicki and Miley tomorrow. Nothing else has been talk worthy. #VMAs 
"Greenville Avenue Pizza Company -GAPCo is taking it old school for National Hot Dog Day! On Wed, July 23 (11 am -... 
"Monsanto will be replacing their carcinogenic herbicide RoundUp with another dangerous substance known as Dicamba"  
Did you know that 'John Cena' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 25 for 17 hours in Providence? #trndnl 
Jindal calls for harsh penalties against sanctuary cities - Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Saturday called for the... 
If yall are interested in the Gucci foams coming out this weekend we releasing them on Friday at foot locker Columbia 
Half day next Friday before Laidback Luke _||_ #LL #sweet 
MN 99s Business meeting tomorrow at KANE 11am. RSVP to Patti and remember all the construction on 35W and 35E. 
@user Yeah could u imagine Kim Kardashian as the 1st lady? U would have leaders from other countries asking what up with her big ass? 
Metal Gear Solid 5 the Phantom Pain and Iron Maiden's Book of Souls will drop September 5th 
Tbt to last friday with squad  #knottsscaryfarm @ Knott's Scary Farm 
Sunday AM: The Challenge of the Harvest by Rev. John Morrow 
INTERCEPTION. Simone picks off Murray. ASU 1st and 10 from the 12 yard line. 
How did 5h beat Bad Blood? May the world never know 
Due to football making CIF, the Spaghetti Dinner has been moved to Monday, November 26. Dinner served at 6:30, performance starts at 7 
Y'all want Kanye West to die 1st to appreciate him? 
"I find it's hilarious. Directioners use 22, I mean Taylor song and anything related with the MV to celebrate Zayn's 22nd bday." 
Tues 08/09/15 07.00-08.00 H.I.T Yoga. Martin.  10.00-12.00 1st &amp; 2nd series with Fran 12.00-13.15 Open yoga. Abi... 
"I'm going to Nekromantix at Grand Central in Miami, FL - Jul 27 
@user won’t get emojis till tomorrow beeeotch! when is your grandma going back to brazil? i wanna see your fam before they leave! 
Shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b #dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice 
5th Round;  Send me a picture of your favorite artist!!  First to 5 points gets a DM with Niall!!  #OTRAMontreal 
If Dustin Johnson had pared the 1st hole he'd be 17 under right now 
someone come see Jason Aldean with me Saturday??? 
Right North London Derby is on my Birthday Nov 17th, now you all know what to get me for my Birthday. #Arsenal 
going home with kayla tomorrow to a typical wisconsin small town. what should a city girl like me experience? 
@user Father I'm not a Catholic, well I tried to march in the St Patricks Day parade!" 
@user Lois Lerner has made her living trampling the 1st Amendment at the FEC and then the IRS. 
victor cruz isnt himself today........i know he’ll get it together in the 2nd half 
If Kurt Cobain knew his music would be being played in an Applebee's at 6 pm on a Sunday, he'd roll over in his grave 
@user naruto started it all then got into inuyasha, cowboy bebop now im watching ikkitousen like there's no tomorrow Kreygasm" 
"BREAKING: Jordan Spieth is human. Also, Dustin Johnson submits formal request to the PGA for Majors to be played from Wednesday to Saturday." 
The creator of Minecraft may have been unhappy before all of the money and fame.It might be in his DNA. 
@user @user @user Were you impersonating Ben Affleck?  It may be the only place on campus he didn't visit. 
July 8th... It’s goin down at DAR Constitution Hall... I’m gonna make this last part rhyme... MB Y’ALL!!!!! 
@user Berlusconi on September 29th: ""My old Milanista heart didn't allow me to sell the club. We'll control Milan forever.""" 
"Long weekend, four days of work then Foo Fighters on Sunday. Just to make it to Friday now." 
Hope Paul Dunne's boss lets him have tomorrow off for the final round. #TheOpen 
James Bond Spectre title song duties go to Sam Smith - Grammy Award-winner Sam Smith was confirmed Tuesday as the ... 
my dream last night was the 7th Harry Potter movie as if it were to have happened in my backyard. 
Fil-Aussie Jason Day is currently tied for the lead in the British Open at -12 together with Paul Dunne and Louis Oosthuizen after 3rd round 
@user would you be able to help me meet Cam or Shawn in NYC on Wednesday please 
@user Yes I may pop in to watch you stream Dark Souls, time zone permitting.  Where do you stream, and what's your user name?" 
Norqway in Banff opens tomorrow Mother Nature rules in the Canadian Rockies 
@user will you guys be open for the 7:45am Arsenal v Chelsea game on the 19th? I'll bring breakfast! 
"Joe Kelly limited the White Sox to two runs in 7 1/3 innings, snagging the win on Monday. #RedSox #MLB" 
MSNBC: Carly Fiorina may have a hard time making it to the next GOP debate despite climbing up in the polls: 
Watch me walk into a Columbia on a nice Saturday afternoon and get clipped up like im fucking Trayvon Martin with the pillz 
@user if u supported Ray Rice i think he would be given a 2nd chance. Real Christians dont judge sins they help bring them to God 
Crazy how sports econpmics have changed. Larry Bird’s rookie deal was 5 yrs, $3.25 M total. 6th pick Damian Lillard will make $3 M this YR. 
@user @user   I'm sure those pictures have been altered. Reagan never sat with Muslims. Right? 
the Jasmine Brand: Bobbi Kristina's Reality Show Kicks Off October 24th...Will You Tune In? 
@user Who knows? Next CBB may have Hulk Hogan, The Lord in a brassiere and Chippy the Budgie." 
"Today's Pin (August 28, 2015): ""Elvis Insiders"", in honor of #ElvisNight at tonight's White Sox game. 
monday in the raw Randy orton vs mr money in the bank sheamus #WWERaw 
"Flash News@ SP to support UPA, but oppose anti-people policies: Samajwadi Party on Saturday said it will continu... 
Over here in NW near 11th &amp; Rhode Island, if you need a Lyft let me know !  Download the LYFT app for IOS or Android ! 
Who's coming with me to msu swim meet tomorrow to see ben affleck 
@user Hi, Sunday interview, you said ISLAM means submition to the Will of God. Not quite right.Submition to ALLAH's will" 
I mean it's decent but people are treating it like the 2nd coming of Iron Maiden. It's not. Relax. 
Anyone want to watch American Horror Story with me? I'm on the 9th episode of the 1st season 
"Hey Time Out Chicago, Paul McCartney didn't write Here Comes the Sun." 
@user True, but I don't think Kane wants to leave. He's young and living the dream. Why would he go to United, to come 4th not 5th?" 
TARHEELS finally scoe n the 2nd Half 52-0 
But did you hear the Black Friday tracks from Kendrick and Cole.... Bless baby Jesus sandals.. 
@user it may be Indian time tonite Becky :-) xx 
Benefit at the Rosedale firehouse for my trip to Texas is on Friday 4-7! $7 for hearty meal and dessert! There will be a silent auction also 
Sampdoria-Milan: The Rossoneri squad: Here is the squad of Milan. AC Milan face U.C. Sampdoria on Thursday eve... 
"I remember Martial being totally impotent against Arsenal in the 2nd UCL game. Yet, he's the man to take us to nirvana." 
"""""Champions League is in Mourinho’s blood"""": Paulo Sousa thinks Jose Mourinho may consider his time at Real Madrid a failure if he does..." 
Would anyone want to see Jason Aldean September 19 
Bentley makes a tough jumper as she is getting pushed. Sun still hanging around, 85-78. #LetsGoSun. 
I don't care what you think about 1st and 14th Amendment law or even gay marriage.  What did ELVIS think about it?! 
Nitin Gadkari cans Himachal poll campaign: Sources close to Gadkari said late Monday night that the cancellation... 
@user may be worth you investigating what happened to the wwe wrestler recently as part of this programme! Seth Rollins is the guy... 
Where have all the Yankees fans gone today? You were all so talkative before yesterdays game. 
Lady Gaga - Do you think the 3rd part of the Paparazzi-Telephone saga will be in LG5??: #LadyGaga #think #Papa... 
Samsung has steadily improved it's Galaxy Note phones. With the Note 5, the wheels fell off. Like the 2nd half of my first season! #WreckEm 
"Thoughts and prayers with Pavol Demitra's family today, and the entire hockey team who perished in a plane crash today." 
Murray v Anderson 5 a piece in the 3rd set Kevin Anderson has won the 1st 2 sets 
"REVIEW: PHI @ MIL B1-2o: Phillies challenged (play at 1st), call on the field was overturned: Ryan Braun grounds out, shortstop Freddy ..." 
"To ensure there is no mob at Yakub's funeral,@IndiaToday is declaring on national television the two most likely places where it may happen." 
@user Boehner sent a letter? @user tweeted yesterday about one from Cantor. 
Watch the The Morning Blend tomorrow as Ian Bennett will be strutting his stuff in their fashion show. Tune into TJM4 at 9 am. 
We all know Tom Brady is going to go ape on Thursday night...right? 
@user yo come by Bhs tomorrow imma be there with Mikayla and Gucci then we gonna work out. Come by I you wanna die (hypothetically) 
I’m talking all types of shit now....cause the Celtics may be 0-1 but the Lakers 0-2 LMAOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! 
I think Bo's afraid Scott Walker might cut into Bo's pension plan to pay for more luxury boxes for the Bucks. 
Dead line for the PS4 is tomorrow at 8 pm 
End of the 1st quarter. @user are down 16-14 to the Wichita Wild 
@user wanna come with me and Tom to Milwaukee on Saturday to see Obama and Katy perry 
"when the workers at Dunkin say ""see you tomorrow"" @user @user 
Going to Baylor on the 9th 
@user Getting ready for our big day tomorrow at LVMS with the new #Abarth. Here's a sneak peak inside! 
62 platters to make for Ben Affleck tomorrow. 
Why Troy Tulowitzki and David Price may not be the Blue Jays' biggest assets - The Guardian (blog) 
James Franklin spent part of his day attending parent-teacher conferences for his two daughters. Out recruiting tomorrow. 
"Check out the trip to Knott's Scary Farm @user on Saturday, October 25th! 
"Where's Nicki's style or her 2nd 1mil sold album?? Keep changing topics when u get clocked,its right here with u 
Looking for a ticket for the west ham v Southampton game on the 20th! Preferably in the bobby Moore lower! #helpmeout 
Is anyone I know going to the Joseph wright induction day on Wednesday? #loner #scared 
I have no idea what to wear tomorrow to the Sam smith concert.. Need to go shopping but hate shopping. Ugh 
Going to 2nd Annual Kick-Out Hate Kickball Tournament on the soccer field right now! 
Oliver's Harem: So we had this joke on Friday of Phoenix Comicon that Oliver had his own little harem with all t... 
Sam used to make out with girls for practice in the 7th grade and 8th grade after school 
- Win tickets to the 1-night theater event, Happiest Baby, on June 21. Enter by June 10. Find a theater near you... 
Hi Serena May : may13_serena. Do u want to get FREE iPh0ne 6? Kindly check my bi0. Thx 
Should have stuck with my gut &amp; sat Asiata. Thus concludes my weekly tweet about Matthew Asiata. 
@user May I break the internet and ask what you opinion of the Hulk Hogan ""Controversy"" is? There's no wrong answer. I'm curious." 
@user also kids and cell phones.saw a 3rd grader w/ their own phone the other day. My kid is starting off like me. With a Nokia brick 
Dean Ambrose with roman regains vs Braun strowman now on wwe monday night raw 8/31/2015 
B-team practice Thursday, plus a parent meeting to discuss the details of the N.O. trip, & a finance update.. 
Boy I bet Kendrick is glad he didn't go for that 2nd cup of coffee before calling TLR on Greinke. #minutesaway #Dbacks 
@user Do you think The Undertaker will Defeat Brock Lesnar at Sunday's WWE ""Summerslam Event""?" 
"Cue the ""Christians"" in the comments, those oblivious to GWB carnage just in ""homeland.""  
Celtics game tomorrow night at 7:30!! How about a hometown win! 
This TNF game will be Brian Cushing's 1st time going against Andrew Luck. @user #HoustonTexans 
Note to the 3 women who blocked me when I said Hillary was boring and Bernie would be soaring. You may follow me again. Oops, I blocked you. 
@user  is having a show nov 10th @ the House Of Blues friends or anybody HMU if u want to go Thanks :) 
"Those of you that diss all anime for how Naruto fans were like in the 7th grade, you might want to reevaluate the whovian fandom just sayin." 
Ritchie Becomes Father for the 3rd Time: While Madonna was busy promoting her upcoming movie W.E. in Venic... 
"#Obergefell, Marriage Equality and Islam in the West #IslaminAmerica #marriageequality" 
@user It seems to be half dead :( Sun worked at some point to take the JVM on Xen, but I don't know if Oracle kept this project alive. 
Sunday morning starting with hot chocolate, laundry, Harry Potter movie, and some homework. 
Late upload from the Bears game Sunday @ The Georgia Dome 
@user @user Spend more to solve all problems is not necessarily the way to economic nirvana you may think it is. 
#Brewers Ryan Braun hit his 19th home run of the season at the bottom of the first. #MLB 
Are the Sunday Mirror really (still) making up rumours about us signing Real Madrid players after what has just happened?? 
@user @user @user I'd prob say 3rd or 4th. All it takes is 1 team to fall in love tho. See EJ Manuel &amp; Christian Ponder 
My friday night consists of bingewatching Inside Amy Schumer on my pc with my flatmate next to me on my bed watching something scary on hers 
I wonder when the 1st video of Shawn falling over on stage will be... 
"come buy a Rolling Stone from 1971 Concerts for Bangladesh 1 August 1971, organised by the one &amp; only @user 
"""""Eli Manning hopes the Giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by Sandy in NY with their game against the Steelers on Sunday""""" 
Hillary may even come up with more spontaneous email humor ----&gt; Hillary Clinton's 5 funniest emails 
"RT @user Tonight on Sports Special: Joe Trahan goes 1-on-1 with Tony Romo, footage from Cowboys scrimmage - and TCU trying to bui ..." 
Gucci bags oneself privileged communication june enlarge upon the brace thine soul entranceway mere chance in ... 
@user Well, Paul McCartney, Isabella Rossellini, Rafaela Carra and I were all born on June 18th and what does this tell about us?" 
I might have forgotten that I'm going to see Foo Fighters on Monday 
@user Steve Sarkisian was about drunkard up as Ric Flair on Monday Night Raw. 
Order Go Set a Watchman in store or through our website before Tuesday and get it half price! #GSAW @user 
RT @user Jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge with my hang glider on Sunday. Now taking bets on which state I land in. 
@user For me it's ok if Duffman finishes 2nd behind Kris Bryant (I really like him for NLROY), but if he wins it, I'll be happy :)" 
"us: Curtis call the drivers Curtis to Siri: ""call papa johns 4th street""" 
Time to GET NEKKID with Filter Free Friday (3/8/2012) ONLY @ THE Original Global #iPhoneography Community @ #MobiTog... 
And I really wanna watch the new iCarly and How To Rock live but I'm road tripping on Sunday so I need sleep /; 
Boruto: Naruto the movie is out in Japan and I have to wait till October to watch it ): 
Chris Rene: Live & Exclusive!:         X Factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomor... 
"Go Set A Watchman initial reaction: oh no, it's a period romance. But I like what the Guardian did with the web stuff 
@user According to reporters on the scene at practice, Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury" 
"Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh has said he expects some surprises tomorrow from the Taifa Stars of Tanzania,... 
@user I thought it  may have been Iran. 
@user madam sorry to say it is compulsion in Islam please read Holy Quran for guidance May Allah show the right path ameen 
(NEW) Niall with fans at Chicago at 3 AM (in the morning) August 23rd!  (Via @user #MTVHottest One Direction 
@user so basically anyone from this September...that's just brilliant news :( big massive thanks to George Osborne and his friends! 
@user Father's Day is just commercial of course but the British version of Mothering Sunday goes back centuries and it marks the... 
Who’s going to the Big Sean concert tomorrow at the Liacouras Center? 
"As much as I’d like to finish ""Red Tails,"" I gotta hit the rack. Tomorrow’s my boss’ last day at work after 15... 
"#NW #PGAChamp wrap, it'll be golf's best feel-good story if Dustin Johnson earns redemption &amp; wins 1st major after all his past heartbreak" 
"Here comes the sun and I say, it's alright... -  George Harrison. 
Milan vs Empoli preview: Will the Rossoneri bounce back on Saturday night? - #MilanEmpoli #SerieATIM 
"Dustin Johnson on round of 75: ""I hit plenty of good shots, just couldn't roll it in."" Says he needs something in 62-63-64 range tomorrow." 
"If I can snap on them two summaries tomorrow like I just did this one..I'll be ""Gucci""" 
@user Do you now realize that you, by virtue of your petition may be why dislodging Boko Haram will take a longer time to materialize?" 
@user yeah I trotted out the struggle team of Hillman and Asiata on Sunday lol 
"Again, I'm selling two tickets to see Ed Sheeran on September 3rd in Houston DM me if you wanna buy them   (((someone pls buy them)))" 
I was in the 5th grade taking ISTEP tests when #9/11 happened, doesn’t seem like its been that long ago 
"RT @user W00t.  RT @user Kung Fu Panda 2 (in 2D & 3D, both with Indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on Tu ..." 
Do I go hang out with my boy Seth Rollins by myself on Saturday because there is one (1) ticket for 25$ left???? 
David De Geas 29m move from Manchester United to Real Madrid may be off after it failed to beat the Spanish transfer deadline. 
There is now a Dunkin' Donuts at LAX. I may never make a flight on-time again... 
Grammys concert pays moving tribute to Whitney Houston: Whitney Houston was given a final sendoff by the Grammys on Thursday as Halle... 
WOOPS: #NFL mistakenly lists Brian Cushing as out for the #Texans on Thursday (link) #WeAreTexans @user 
"Hindu No secrecy about IT policy, says Chandy: Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said here on Thursday that there was... 
@user Obama said that Trayvon Martin could be his """"son"""".... Stands to reason he Obama may have even more sons...." 
Did Real Madrid deliberately cock up so they get De Gea on the cheap in January or for free in the summer? #bbcfootball #DeadlineDay 
@user It's happened. Harper may try again. What said last night won't matter, it's cling 2 power by whatever means or pogey. #elxn42 
So Kendrick Lamar 1st week projected sales iz 242k. That’s wassup for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers. 
"RNDM: 8 November 2012 - Bowery Ballroom, New York (Notes from the Road) 
@user My 4th of July song is ’Ito Ang Gusto Ko’ by Francis M. (Best for Independence Day here in the PH) #GalaxyPlayTrackoftheDay 
"Iran ""IBNA - 12th Book Review Festival held based on scientific principals"" - [As about as dry as it gets?] 
On October 22 @ 7-9 Kelly Hermann is hosting a fashion trunk show and wholesale shopping event with Younique... 
"Jacob has a teacher work day tomorrow, he asked to come to work with me """"to make sure I get my work done"""". Really... 
THE EVIL THAT MEN DO by IRON MAIDEN was no.5 in the UK charts on 20 August 1988 
"in Europa League he would play Thursday then Sunday, isn't this the same? #Sterling" 
@user the 14th amend applies to race pal, get the states to ratify one for gay marriage. I am trying to work and participate here bud" 
Tonight is Family Night at the Chick Fil A on Sparkleberry and Clemson. Get your face painted and a free kid's meal. 6-8pm 
recording that Sarah Palin OAN show when it replay's tomorrow, i'll upload and torrent it for anyone who can't get it 
I wanna go buy new Vans just because I’m going to @user ’s concert on November 17th. <33 
Truman State is 3-0 for the first time since 1994. They'll face No. 22 UCM (2-1) tomorrow night on CBS College Sports #miaafb 
I just removed Kenny Lofton from my Hall of Fame vote. Taking his place: Todd Walker. The slightly better-than-average 2nd baseman. 
Huzzah and hurrah - we are doing a live webchat with Antonio Carluccio on Nov 27. Get your questions in now 
Missing the cut 4 Thurs Pres debate: Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, Carly Fiorina, Lindsey Graham, Jim Gilmore and George Pataki. 
White Sox coach upbeat about way hitters have battled back in second half: Todd Steverson said Tuesday he woul... 
I have to finish reading Paterno by tomorrow so I can watch football Sunday and Monday and prepare for the #NBA2k13 release #120pagesleft 
Slavoj Zizek: How Alexis Tsipras and Syriza Outmaneuvered Angela Merkel and the Eurocrats (In These Times, Jul 23) 
Mass tomorrow then Retreat Friday with da homie @user 
@user we will have no regrets and may Allah(SWT) grant us the strength to always identify as Muslims with Muslims against all odds. 
Hillary cares only about Hillary. I choose to wait for a credible female to become our 1st woman president. Smart women aren't desperate! 
Tom Brady 6th round pick Aaron Rodgers played at a community college cus he didn't get a D1 offer. Nuts 
well the verdict comes tomorrow whether or not Knaus will be Jimmie's crew chief or not for the next six races. #fingerscrossed.. 
"Bizarre fact: Remembrance Sunday (tomorrow, peeps!) shares the record for joint longest televised annual event with the Chelsea Flower Show" 
@user Model Search tomorrow between 9am-12.30pm at Westfield Parramatta. Applications available on the day. 
"Me: """"Little early for Ash Wednesday isn’t it?"""" Stranger: """"That’s a birthmark!""""" 
My gym is playing PMQs on the screens and BBC 1Xtra over the speakers, so I get to imagine Osborne and Theresa May rapping along to Jay-Z. 
Neil deGrasse Tyson - Dream of Tomorrow: Please sign the petition to double NASA's budget to a penny on... #atheism 
Time to test out one of my Steams games when I get home then at 9PM eastern going live w/ @user for our 1st weekly Gears3 funfest. 
Indie bands Family of the Year and White Arrows at Space 301 this Wednesday - check out some new music: 
Oh and being the weird person I am ok going down to Starkville late Friday night @user 
8million euros gets you Luiz Adriano to Milan however  10million stg cant get you Ross Mccormack to sheff wed. Absolutely shocking. 
Gucci raft alterum cheerful expectation august lay bare the bifurcated thy joker inside of adding into pros an... 
... bit of lightning? He may have been the boss of Olympus but Poseidon controls the majority of weather phenomenon, also ... 
Jungle Island says it will be open as usual on Monday. To see what’s open & what’s closed click on this link #IsaacOn6 
Q:In which year Badr the 1st battle in the History of Islam was Fought? A. 624 AD B. 620 AD C. 626 AD  Answer A 624 AD #GB_JISKANI 
Really want to go to digi tomorrow but really can't be arsed with how much of a physco i turn into after one vodka 
New Game album 'Blood Moon: Year of the wolf' drops tomorrow. 
I would have posted a podcast if the threat of getting stung by a yellowjacket on Monday and seeing Ant-man last night hadn't occurred. 
@user I would pick Jones to beat Silva, but Shogun made it to the 3rd round, Rampage and Vitor to the 4th and Evans went the distance. 
Zayn is my 5th most played artist. I just wanted to clarify this b4 I'm accused of bandwagoning when he blows up 
"The Norse believed that during a thunderstorm, Thor rode through the heavens on his chariot, thus the verse ""Thursday's child has far to go""" 
Why the press people hate man utd so much for is all of the press people they all is Arsenal fans mainly the sun and the mirror that's why 
@user do you like @user Presale is tomorrow for Jan 31st show at DAR Constitution Hall. 
@user should we expect @user and the crew for an election special in DC on Tuesday? 
s/o to the folks just now learning Ice Cube did more than Friday and Dre isn't just responsible for Eminem's come up #TheMoreYouKnow 
Just hung up with South Florida @user --- whose team will try to make the NCAA Tournament for the 2nd straight year.... 
@user meanwhile the Red Sox are going to win their way to picking after the 10th pick then losing that pick when signing free agent 
@user @user dude naruto will just use the 4th hokagy secret jitsu and steal your soul which will end up with you dead 
@user I’m planning a winter trip to Okinawa and on my way back I want to stay a few days in Saga and maybe Fukuoka in early January. 
"1st points to Sunnybank in Premier Rugby Grand final, with a penalty kick to Dion Taumata #3rdtier" 
Randy Orton may want to change around his #WWE schedule: 
P Matt Boyd (acquired in David Price trade) seeks to beat the Royals for 2nd time in 6 days at 8 pm ET on... 
@user i wake up feeling good on a Sunday and you bring me back to this world of kurt cobain and lion bars. So tired of you 
Anyone fancy giving me a ride from Guildford to Mitcham tomorrow at about 6pm?! 
"NY Post also wrote #Knicks 2nd-round pick Willy Hernangomez will be playing in Sevilla, which is untrue. He is with Real Madrid this season" 
Chuck Norris once walked the million man march by himself. There were no complaints. 
@user lol yeah was all set to oppose on sat until he got drawn vs Richard bland lol 
"For fans who can't make the game, USF Baseball's series opening game against 2nd place UConn will be on CBS College Sports, First pitch at 7" 
@user your in Ohio June 6th n 9th. Can you least tweet back n let me know if you do live stop ins at New stores in malls. 
"Friday in studio with @user Dez Bryant gets love in Rolling Stone, RG3 gets no love and maybe we keep it on the rails, maybe not" 
@user I paused, admittedly, because ""satnav"" made me think of a yoga mantra (sat nam), but then I got it. Context clues!" 
@user got a suggestion for a GK tomorrow that doesn’t cost over 5.6 ?!!. I want to replace Krul. 
"Going to my cousins 16th birthday party today then semifinals tonight game 2 for Cereal Killers, game 3 for Slackers" 
"Galliani to GdS on not having a sporting director: ""I don't see the problem. This is my 30th year at Milan and I have a lot of relations --&gt;" 
should I be fine af tomorrow for school or just wear Nike shorts like the norm 
Floyd Mayweather announces September 12 date for 'final' fight with opponent still a mystery 
Twilight When the Moon meets the Sun The Sun says goodnight  This is my time Most people sleep But I come alive 
"Kanye West may not be ""Book smart"" but he has a whole hell of a lot more common sense than Donald Trump" 
@user gerard way, green day, nirvana, memphis may fire, we the kings, the foo fighters, union j, fall out boy, jordan sweeto ect." 
((CLOSED)) John Kasich On What It Will Take To Beat Hillary Clinton: Ohio Gov. John Kasich sat down with ABC N...  
Im ready for Saturday to be in Chapel Hill watching Mike Glennon and company give the Tarheels the business #GoPACK! #WolfBlood #NCSUvsUNC ! 
@user I'm sure it's going to be Sting. Expecting a Brothers of Destruction reunion too Sunday with Kane helping Taker in his match. 
What does everyone think between the undertake and Brock lesnar on Monday night way ? Staged or real ??? 
Watching @user News Today" on BBC4... c'mon BBC, give us World News in the UK. 
We (DWill) was the first to get cooked by Jeremy Lin then Deron came and put dude to bed... I'm sure thats why he may have said it 
"Cate Blanchett to be awarded top honour at 5th AACTA Awards: Held in Sydney, the Australian Academy of Cinema,... 
Yesterday was National Hot Dog Day . . . Or as Michelle Obama called it:  Thursday. 
@user RT    Please vote for ARSENAL GAMING im 1st on every wii ladder and want to hold it 
I just commented: Looks like Newcastle will be without Krul & Coloccini for monday night... in the Everton FC App 
Gucci variety unconscious hopes august chance the couplet yours distinguished sympathy liaison headed for arti... 
@user WONDERING IF Mariah Carey want to play some Concerts with us in OHIO after JAN.1,2016 an starting a TOUR contact JOHN MELSON 
Dallas did 'Dalllas' Thursday night at premiere of the new TV series at Winspear Opera House 
White Sox had the bases loaded with 1 out in the 3rd with Ljay Newsome in for Pablo Lopez &amp; Newsome gets the 4-6-3 double-play! M's down 2-1 
@user I don't even know where it came from, aside from Metro randomly saying "Nintendo are doing iOS so may be there" 
"Seth Rollins may be a good superstar to date, but he is no legend! He needs to put that statue behind him and focus on Sting. #RAW" 
I am getting ready for the Master Class that I am teaching at WPPI this coming Tuesday which is going to be a... 
Zac Brown Band is playing Citi Field. Is that a big deal? @user may be able to tell me if it is. 
"Red Sox have broken it open in the 4th, lead Phillies 8-0." 
@user but he'll be on art bell tonight revealing the truth about the Alabama leprechaun. 
my uroboros tracking from amazon is different... i hope that means it's coming via the route that will make it in time for friday delivery! 
@user Considering her competition, it is like calling Wlad Klitschko the greatest heavyweight ever.  And Rousey is great, but c'mon" 
Wednesday Apple reveals their new products...so u should set up an appt w/ your financial planner around the same time 
@user now i can't even make a one year appreciation posy about digi tomorrow fml 
I don't know what's gonna happen tonight. I don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow - Kanye west 
Yoga can improve sex and may even prevent and treat sex problems by increasing the overall health of the cardiovascular system. 
I hope tomorrow is the last RAW where Seth Rollins is WWE champion for at least a year. 
"Quin Coleman breaks a 19-yard TD run, getting Hot Springs within 34-14 with 2:51 left in the 3rd. #arpreps" 
@user im curious, do students of #NYUSCPS qualify for the ticketed code to the Richie Hawtin & Loco Dice lectue on the 3rd of nov? 
"When I hear tale of 2 citiez beat, I think it's Kendrick Lamars Black Friday..." 
"""""Avril Lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park. Sonic’s opening for her. You wanna come?""""" 
"AXELMANIA STILL RUNNING WILD?  As we all know, WWE terminated Hulk Hogan's contract on July 24th after he made... 
"...that you may not die, O House of Israel..." 
Madonna: Living in a hydrangea-free world: Today Madonna's ungracious behaviour was made public when she compl... 
Went to Sylvia Park for the 2nd time in my life today, and it was the 2nd time in my life I saw @user there hahaha 
"Navas is reportedly unhappy at Real Madrid, he called #mufc trying to rescue the transfer Tuesday morning. [@JamieJackson___]" 
Am catching a cold, leaving to Disneyland on the 9th 
"Good read (by @user about Kane laughing off ""one season wonder"" comments: 
@user Hey Mick!  Do you know what time you’ll be signing in Indianapolis on the 18th? 
@user .. The way they went about defending gave me impression malini barkha wanted to be 2nd 3 rd wife of yakub on release. 
Monsanto spokesperson will be at the National Press Club in Canberra on Wednesday at 12 pm, post Melbouirne... 
Rugby fest at Padang: November 01, 2012 3:54 PMTOP class rugby action will take place at the Padang from Friday,... 
Fall Home & Garden Show is 10-6 today and 10-5 Sunday at the Ventura County Fairgrounds. 
@user only map I did bad was against rift but I went 26-20 next map so it's Gucci and I dropped 37 and 45 on the sunday 
briana's mum said that briana is 34 weeks pregnant which falls around the 30th of april and louis is in london by then 
My brother on Dustin Johnson 'it wasn't the fourth round but he still choked on Sunday' 
Oliseh looking for playmakers in Super Eagles squad: Sunday Oliseh has revealed that he will not invite only p... 
1 and a half hours till im done with dunkin till January!!!!! 
@user Fountains of creativity, initiative, talents. What #BDS et al want to disrupt. Turn Israel into 2nd Syria!" 
In my 1st day in office I plan 2 pass a Bill 4 a Miss USA holiday. MLK has one; It's only fair: Donald Trump #comedy 
House Of Cards author says my treatment raises 'disturbing questions about the inner workings' of the BBC. 
Klitschko vs. Wach, 10th of nov in Germany, note it down in your TV schedules! 
Apple shakeup Mobile software boss eased out: Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook on Monday pushed out the powerful head of the company&#039;s mo... 
Drexel cancels classes. Drexel Medicine clinic hours are canceled all day Monday & on Tuesday until at least 12pm due to weather 
I'll believe it when I see it. I won't fall for this again (see: Frank Ocean) 
New Post Rob will be on the Kyle and Jackie O show on Tuesday 23nd 
@user @user yeah but then again Kane has respect for Abby and still butts heads with her so it may happen 
@user Just wondering when you'll have the new Moto G (3rd Gen) in stock and will it have the 1gb RAM or 2gb RAM option. Hope it's soon 
@user Lal Bahadur Shastri is the Rahul Dravid of October 2! Agree? 
@user PS the things we want to do to Chris Evans are not appropriate for Twitter. And may be illegal in at least 3 states 
In his session at the 11th International Cloud Expo, Ronald Bradford, Founder & CEO of Effective MySQL, will dis... 
Cannot believe I've just downloaded an avenged sevenfold track to play alongside mariah Carey and bow wow tomorrow lol 
@user That’s rough. You had 3 definite starts on a BYE. Also, Flacco over Newton? We have to talk about this on Friday. 
No Pogba can't go to Chelsea he needs to wait at Juventus when his time comes he should go to Barca or RM 
@user Bradley still batting 9th. That tells me a lot about the Red Sox. 
Contrasts 20th-21st cent. Angela Merkel understands Quantum Physics. Does she have political depth for long term German survival? 
@user I better see you at Jason’s on Friday or Saturday 
will try to watch Brave first then will deal with AHS while sulking over Go Set a Watchman tomorrow 
A little tid bit of info about a local band, Beitthemeans, who will be playing here Nov 23 with Capt. Stabb Tuggo... 
"Now that the world has accepted Ice Cube son, be on the look out for a Friday Prequel" 
"Feel for navas also, basically being told your not needed by Real Madrid and then he may have to stay there" 
Man City up against Juventus and Sevilla in the #ChampionsLeague - do you think they have a chance? @user 
"I'm going to Teengirl Fantasy at LE BOTANIQUE in Bruxelles - Brussel, Belgium - Oct 18 
going to myrtle beach tomorrow with the fraternity lets get it 
@user Remember I was telling you about Catelynn and Tyler coming to my school well they are coming tomorrow 
Two top Senate investigators offered potential immunity Tuesday to Bryan Pagliano, the staffer who set up the email server in HILLARY 
"In UT, yesterday, far more people showed up in support of abortion than Christians did with the gospel back on Sat. 
"Fresh off its own ballistic missile test, Iran says the US violated the nuclear deal by... changing visa rules? 
"I want to go to Kpop night on Friday but I'll be mad if it's not just 5 hours of ""GOOD BOY"" on repeat. #eternaljam" 
"""We may have come on different ships, but we’re i the same boat now."" MLK Jr." 
@user not sure, looks like it...yes, may Marvel! &amp; Paul Bettany &amp; Team Arrow's Arsenal lol. May additional fee pa ata for the guests :)) 
"one tip I will give for tomorrow, is a treble. Sprinter Sacre, Hurricane Fly and Quevega pays nearly 5/1 with Ladbrokes #buyingmoney" 
If you're not watching surprise John Cena vines on Sunday morning then are you really doing Saturday night right? 
@user How is it different from the Moto G (2nd Gen)? I mean areas of improvement or cons! 
@user Supposed to be havin a party at Cafe Asia on the 10th but i've heard thats changed so idk yo. Lol. 
Andre Berto enters Saturday at 32-1 &amp; Buster Douglas thinks Berto has the tools to pull the upset off against Floyd Mayweather 
We will do Croke Park - Dana White's promise to Irish MMA fans is the 10th of its kind 
"People who seem incredulous that Cate Blanchett may be in THOR 3: You do remember that she played an elf, right?" 
Crazy Monday: Michelle Obama juggles her roles with poise and grace 
Just sat through my first seminar, uni was not made for me! Now to see what Plymouth is saying tonight! 
@user if the SCOTUS decided that the 14th A gave a Muslim woman the right to no longer wear a head scarf, or that marriage 
An album of unheard Kurt Cobain demos you say? Just take our money already #MontageofHeck 
Scott Walker says WI percentage of people working is 5 points higher than nation its been that way the last 7govs. 
@user  If #UN members cud agree on keeping pll with criminal charges out of (Central) Govt-it may catalyze creation of special courts for VIPs 
"When PM Narendra Modi met Rahul Gandhi and shook hands with him  New Delhi: Friday, December 11,   Setting aside... 
Shreya Ghoshal will be at the FLATO Markham Theatre for a one night engagement Oct 9.  here is her picture 
"Kitchen is clean, laundry is in the washer, kids are in bed, school bags ready for tomorrow. Watching Big Brother then going to bed" 
"Just heard Skyhooks version of ""Women In Uniform"" for the 1st time. Think the Iron Maiden version is probably still the best." 
Carling Cup on Wednesday. No extra time please.  Have to play more england internationals and give the kids a rest. #lfc #stillinthehat 
"Today was the issue of Assam templr.  Love to see wht issue Rahul Gandhi discovers tomorrow. All these r facades, main is Herald case" 
"If Rousey's fighting in Oz, that mean I can be out &amp; about on a 'pretty nice little Saturday' of errands as white brahs Twitter slobber?" 
"Open Dialog is cosponsoring with GLOBES to present to you """"Searching for Social Justice"""" next Wednesday at 6pm. 
"he is obsessed with Star Wars right now,  as a treat I am letting him watch Family Guy tonight #heavenforgiveme" 
@user the news should be Federer qualifies for 8th Cincinnati final. Not Murray knocked out. 
Rob on the ’Kyle and Jackie O’ show on Oct 23rd: 
6 agencies, incl. the Bomb Squad, were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at E. 10th St/Post Rd. 
may as well sign up Scott Dann and Roger Johnson whilst your at it. 
Gucci plenty motive force stock august tower the duplicated thy hand fellow feeling collateral into the negati... 
DEPARTURE of ship: ARABIAN ORYX Port: ABU DHABI Time: Nov 2 2012 6:41AM (UTC) (Time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a... 
So Jim White just said Pogba could leave Juventus before Tuesday, get a bid in Chelsea!! 
If you didnt know.... #WetNWyde4 will be at Club Crucial 9pm Saturday night 2535 E Arkansas Ln 
@user Open Registration Class for KPOP and HipHop Dance with @user Every Thursday 6pm (hiphop)... 
I should’ve been guarding Parker on that last play. He may have scored but I bet I would’ve been on the right side of the court. 
"By the way when the album drops, I'm fully claiming invention of  ""it's July 1st, still no new Frank Ocean album"" joke tweets the day after." 
Why sit at home Monday night when you can come to YOUNG LIFE?! Tomorrow @ 7:27! #westsalemyounglife 
@user May happen. If he can win WI & IA, or PA, he won’t need NH & NV. Just needs CO, FL & VA n addition t safe red states. 
Photoset: AUGUST 30: Shawn with Fifth Harmony on the VMAs Red Carpet 
BIG home game tomorrow evening for the TCU baseball team as they take on Texas A&M here at Lupton Field.  Come on... 
With that squad and the current good start they have had compared to the woes at juventus they can and may win it... 
This Thurs. College night at Xclusive first 50 ppl with College ID $2 after that $5 make it your move to be there 
MSM Blast- Remember Tuesday is Yoga @ the Martinsburg Library. .Summer is over so it's  time to start moving We... 
Alot of free throw conditioning drill for the Lakers tomorrow at practice 
I'm going to Cleveland tomorrow so I'll break up the losing streak.  Verlander may help. 
@user @user @user there is nothing about Thor, Odin or druids in the bible. Those are the Gods white people worshipped 1st" 
@user At Anderson’s in town. Off to the Sir Thomas for a friends’ gig tomorrow. Do you get into Liverpool much? 
@user Sumlin just mixing it up or is Murray the 2nd half an? 
"When I see reactions to stories about """"benefit scroungers"""" and the """"lazy poor"""" in the Sun, I wonder if Murdoch is a latter-day Pavlov" 
Apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday replaced the heads of its s... 
"AFI Fest, the granddaddy of L.A. film festivals, opens its 26th edition Thursday night wit 
Veteran day video makes me think of 5th grade #mylife 
Not sure if it's 14 august or Eid ul fitar. 
"RT @user According to Marca, Neymar will be moving to Real Madrid in December 2 days after the Club World Cup." 
I dm'd michelle Obama. I'm going to erase it tomorrow if she doesn't respond 
@user Rihanna’s drummer announced that Rih is going perform on Saturday Night Live!!! #slay 
Janet Jackson new album out Oct 2nd:  Multiple sources confirm that during an interview with Donnie... Read More! 
Monday Night Raw kicks off this Labor Day with the working man himself Seth Rollins   #Madwoman 
Who’s going to walgreens tomorrow for the 75% off all of the halloween candy? I AM! 
@user In loving memory of Yakub, rahul baba will mourning with naked girls on Bangkok beach...@digvijaya_28 may join as well" 
Ben said Bicester was full of chavs, well I’m currently sat with last years cast of Jeremy Kyle. UH HYPOCRITICAL MUCH? 
Gucci multitude number one gall may demonstrate the dyadic thine solipsistic far out accidental so as to aye a... 
"Fri Oct 17, Sonic Highways is on HBO tonight, Also new episode of  Girl Meets World on Disney" 
FYI!!!  Prince George's County Council Chair Mel Franklin presents the 5th Annual Prince George's County Family... 
"Jennings, being used in higher leverage situations, in to face Mauer with Escobar on first and one out in the 7th. 6-4 White Sox" 
"the Bee Gees, pre-disco (but also Saturday Night Fever) at this point" 
Boohoo Miley called Nicki unpolite KIM CALLED HER EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN just admit NICKI KNOW WHO TO TRY 
David Beckham Slams the Daily Mail Over Parenting Criticism and More Celeb News You May Have Missed - #starbuzz 
"Toby or Floyd Mayweather, the world may never know" 
#Beatles #CD Paul McCartney &amp; Wings Band on the Run 25th Anniversary Ed. 2 CD Set beatles #eBay #Auction 
Cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: Tweet Washington, Nov 1 (IANS) Researchers have built the first... 
#MLBFantasy Ryan Braun (back) remained out of the Brewers' lineup Tuesday. 
Performing at the Red Sox game tomorrow and all I can think about is if I have enough time to do homework 
Who wants tickets to the Red Sox tomorrow 1 o'clock game two tickets 
@user Aaron Samuels asked Cady Heron in math class what day it was. And Cady responded with October 3rd :D 
"Hero, anti-hero: one in the same? Go Set a Watchman out tomorrow. American Masters @user 
"WATCH: Post Game Plus breaks down Thursday's walk-off loss in Arlington, as Josh Hamilton beat the Yankees late. 
@user @user @user @user Kendrick knows Kanye the GOAT, hence The Black Friday freestyle." 
I would neither describe Curtis as a student of football nor the sharpest knife in the drawer. But he's Swansea through and through #c'mon 
I saw Paul Dunne on the range on Monday. Convinced myself he was Jordan Spieth... 
Red Cross: Syria is now in civil war: The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Sunday it now conside... 
"Thor throws at Royals heads, Cepedes hurts self, Salvy 1st person to call for the trainer. Difference between class and classless. #beroyal" 
About 100 here in a beer warehouse for John Kasich's first Iowa rally since he announced for president July 21. 
"Maybe Sunday was just a funny day for tennis, Murray on getting over a cold: ""My voice feels like normal again. Still dull, obviously.""" 
"Curtis is literally the Mr. Mosby of SEP. I can see him saying ""no running in my commons""" 
"Okay, I can see how you may not like lebron or Tom Brady but not Messi..this guy has nations on his back." 
David Bowie's New Album Details: Tony Visconti recently sat down with Rolling Stone (http:/... #IndoWantsBlink182 
Watching PLL Halloween event for the 4th time and im still shaking lol 
"Tony Blair Faith Foundation: 65,000 fighters belonging to other Salafi-jihadi groups in Syria sympathise with IS 
"Threw her off....I may listen to all my gangsta shit out and about... but when Im in my room its all Last Poets, War, Gil Scott, and Curtis" 
Have questions about IBM #Bluemix and IOT? Attend our Sept 2nd Crowd Chat! More info: 
@user @user just as hard to get an atmosphere on a Saturday when you have Murray v Falling over Latvian. 
When did 1D pass us? When they go up to the 1st when they was in the 6th?  #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
awwww...i miss the 1st batch of Big Brother when I saw Nene...my God its been all ages already! #PBB10years 
@user Help! Should I trade Gore for Murray? I have Gore (I drafted him 4th round) but was offered Murray (went in the 1st round). 
My Naruto cards say they wont be here until Monday. I want them now. 
"We're going to see Ant-Man tomorrow. If you'd like to go, meet at the Warehouse at 11:30, so we can eat lunch in... 
"While the news channels divulge on the prospect of postponing the hanging of Yakub, the proceedings may very well have begun by now." 
So Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose have become the outsiders and they will debut their 3rd man at Night of Champions. 
Shaw wouldn’t let Luck throw late in the FIesta Bowl, but he’s fine with Nunes throwing a fade route on 4th and 4 w/ 1:50 left. 
"27 December 1997- Just hours after Billy Wrights death, the LVF retaliate by killing ex IRA prisoner Seamus Dillon 
@user @user The idea that the Mets would have walked Harper if it was 1st/2nd no outs in lunacy. 
I just sat around for a minute trying to remember Ice Cube's last name 
Fuck it I haven’t done nothing in like 2 months. Maybe I will see if my mom will watch Aaliyah tomorrow so I can do something 
"Come and Visit before the Redskins and Ravens play.  OPEN HOUSE ON SUNDAY FROM 12-3!! 9028 EARLY APRIL WAY,... 
"Edward seemed to take a deep breath, and then he stepped out into the bright glow of the midday sun.-Bella Swan, Twilight." 
"I dont say Modi is the best pm, but its the first time I watched PM's speech other than that on 15th august I... 
Jean Dujardin may join the unlikely duo of Leo DiCaprio and Jonah Hill in The Wolf of Wall Street. 
RT @user The 7-yr old Real Madrid signed isn't just an advanced passer. Kid can pee standing up at a 9th grade level: ... 
Nope. Look at the SCOTUS rulings on the motto. They call it ceremonial *deism*. It's not reaffirming Christianity. 
@user Go play with your children. I'm making biscuits and listening to the Grateful Dead. Sunday in America. (I do appreciate you) 
Political observers believe Joe Biden may soon announce a decision about a possible presidential run. #Decision2016 
*talking to Gunny about who's playing tomorrow*  Me: Messi and then some Mexicans that you don't know  Gunny: that's okay. I like Mexicans 
@user Any idea if the Moto G (3rd gen) will be available on Verizon anytime soon? 
We’re going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap! London Children’s Book Swap via @user 
Checking texts in class just got a lot easier. Follow these steps to take home our Apple Watch @ Kick-off tomorrow! 
#We good day Milan bans cars until Wednesday to curb pollution 
We’re thinking of running on the Australia Day weekend in January.  Is this a good or bad idea? 
"Abreu with his 26th of the season. White Sox 4-0, B3." 
@user But how you gon handle it if you are announcing ON SUPER BOWL SUNDAY?!! You might put that gold back in yo grill. 
@user @user We called this... Takeover Rumors in mtg with Oracle via @user 
my history teacher skipped school Friday to see the foo fighters 
@user just go to church on Sunday you'll be Gucci 
@user   first turkey Israel, Jordan then Palestine the birth of Christ 10th time twet blocks why JEWS? 
Wilfred Kiboro joins Family Bank as Chairman, a day after he quit Standard Chartered Bank. He takes over from founder Titus Muya on Jan 1 
Israel protects Europe from extreme Islam: He will meet with Prime Minister David Cameron on Thursday to discu... 
Miley gave up seven runs in 5.2 innings in a 9-4 loss to the White Sox on July 28th 
"And in Sunday Night Football, the Denver Broncos defeated the New Orleans Saints, 34 to 14." 
A little CAK-Alcoa primer before tonight’s State Farm Rivalry Thursday game.... 
"#WWE Creative seems so out of control lately, the next PPV may as  well have  Mick Foley v. Dude Love in a """"Mr. Socko"""" match for Buys." 
Chris Evans reveals the new Top Gear will return to our screens on May 8 
@user Hanging out here tomorrow but Friday I will be down in Prince George with my Aunt. 
Kyle Williams Monday Press Conference: Bills defensive tackle Kyle Williams talks about coming back from the bye... 
"Khedira is currently out with a muscle injury, little space in this season in Ancelotti's team and might ask to go as early as January." 
#Underworld: To the Fans of Underworld and Independent Art:As you may already know, Underworld is once again in... 
I just had a dance party by myself to green day while my roommate just sat there minding her own business. We are on that level now. 
"""""@Rican_Amor: Who wants to go to a A$AP Rocky concert with me on the 14th or 15th ?!?!?"""" you don’t have a choice on who you taking we going!" 
"I really wish the judge of the Tom Brady case would have given me heads up on Sunday, because I skipped on drafting him due to the 4 games." 
@user scroll down for "egg person of the year" photographed with barack and michelle obama: 
Just put a bet in for tomorrow night already. Never did this before. Miami Heat -5.5 against the Knicks. 
@user @user what's the 4th song? The one after chris brown 
@user Hey zz are you going to watch Monday night raw? Are you looking forward to see John Cena to return are Undertaker and Brock Lesnar 
No disrespect to kendrick but march madness was the song of the year if not the greatest song of all time 
watching the 2nd half of twilight and thinking how much of a stalker edward sounds ''i like watching you sleep'' - ok then! 
Sat in bed Edith is on in the background and I still have a face full of white and I’m still in my clothes from last night. STANDARD. 
"I just heard that Frank Gifford, NFL Hall-of-fame, ABC Monday Night Football, father &amp; husband has died. Prayers &amp; thoughts 4 his family" 
"#TheCEOpundit Floyd Mayweather puts up $10,000 to help find the person who killed his jeweler: On Sunday night... 
My trick or treating will happen tomorrow night..at Walgreens....in the candy aisle. 
Yoga is still on for tonight Monday September 7th @ 5:30 with Vicky and again on Wednesday at 6:00 with Lydia.... 
me: *pretends MetLife isn't happening tonight or tomorrow night because i'm not there* 
Bray has able to escape by hitting Reigns with a lantern. The match with Dean Ambrose may have been scrapped.... 
Confirmed: Ice Cream Sandwich finally coming to the Droid Bionic tomorrow, October 19th #OMGDroid 
I uploaded a @user video Kristin Chenoweth arrives at the 2nd Annual Hero Dog Awards 
I feel like a kid waiting for christmas when it comes to bike parts I want. Please Kenda release your Honey Badger soon.http://t.co/0KZrV2nk 
in study mode... cramming to the MAX for this midterm tomorrow. T-minus 15 hours til exam. 
"Photo: mymiddletons: July 5, 2015 Prince George attends the Christening of his sister, HRH Princess... 
Today's the 9th? We've got some apple news coming, I just want to get on with it &amp; upgrade my iPhone. 
Red Sox are challenging the out call at 3rd. 
#Rumors Kendrick Lamar and YG took a backseat Saturday to bring a little Christmas cheer to the... @user 
@user  As broke BBC cuts back services to UK, international propaganda becomes top agenda, paid for by you; 
Spread the word! The Workshop is Dayton, OH is not cancelled! I will be in Ohio tomorrow & I’ll be at the party Saturday Night! 
Atty says #KimDavis is reading Bible in jail. Maybe she'll finally realize Jesus said nothing about gay marriage.  
Tulowitzki gives the @user a 2-1 lead over the Red Sox in the top of the 10th with an RBI single to LF! 
the last time i went to Disneyland was on Labor Day and tomorrow's Labor Day smh 
When you OD on extra strength Tylenol and watch Twilight with squad cuz #Sunday @user @user 
@user the Kenny Lofton hit on a Monday night during a 49er Game that was on MNF. 
Tiger Woods mistress charged with DUI: You may remember Jamie Jungers as Tiger Wood's fourth mistress to come ou... 
@user I have to go Romo, all  have is Peyton who I got in the #10th Round.  I think I was drafting against elementary children." 
@user Game comes out on December 1st. I will definitely be picking it up for PS4. 
@user may get a wider training gig somewhere. Hard to play Super Rugby when you weigh 47kgs though 
My nephews first phone is a note 3 .... while I was struggling with a Nokia in 2nd grade lol 
Nirvana it's a new Friday deal  
"I may be late on this, but the QB for Denver looks like the dude from Twilight." 
@user @user Kyle you fall in 5th place in the Mario party standings: 1st Bryan 2nd Bfish 3rd Fish 4th Andre 5th Kyle 
Hahahahaha!!! I don't think he has to worry about turning into Batman, as much as he may have to worry about... 
@user He’s back Saturday but in the PM. I can’t promise a kid-free skype but avery usually is better behaved when it’s just me 
Kane: I'm no flash in the pan: Harry Kane can understand why people may say he could be a 'o... #soccer #football 
30 million viewers for the Cowboys game this past Sunday...AMERICA'S TEAM 
iPad HD gets announced wed...who's going to get one? Me that's who.... Appleguy83 
@user John Kasich is ""tan"", rested, and ready.  He's ready to get ""1/3rd"" of the black vote and not be a ""nutjob""..*sarc*  @user 
same stage as Jay-Z but y'all don't wanna give props. Cool. Need I speak on @user 's achievements? The 1st emcee to represent GH @ the 
VIDEO: James Franklin Postgame at Michigan: VIDEO: Head coach James Franklin addresses the media following Sat... 
@user @user @user Is it true you guys are having Brock lesnar on your show tomorrow? 
I'm hanging out at LoveCats DownUnder to share Connor's Sunday Smooch with Dana from Blood Moon! 
Before We Go (Chris Evans) opens at Ster-Kinekor on the 27th. See trailer here 
"The.old woman next to me on the plane is currently reading Twilight, she's hitting that phase a little past 7th grade but do you" 
Finally Friday . Kicking off today with some Iron Maiden #metalfriday #IronMaiden 
You’ve got to hand it to Tom Segal for big Saturday handicaps on the Flat. 
Thursday nights just wont be the same without Waterloo Road 
".@ImperialDuelist have been added in the 13 man Battle-Royal this Wednesday. He'll take Randy Orton spot, don't worry; Ambrose there too." 
@user watch BBC next Monday to learn the dark secret of @user strategy to exit the banking market. 99% of loans in default!? #really 
If you go to #calabasashigh remember to sign up for the gay straight alliance on Thursday during lunch 
"How many times do you think Hank Williams plays """"Are You Ready For Some Football"""" per concert? 3 times a night? At least?" 
I just want someone I can vibe with &amp; most of girls expect Gucci and Michael Kors bags.. C'mon now let me get a real job first. 
Kane may interfere though. I'm calling it. This will not be a clean match. #WWESummerSlam 
Remember when Harry was ab to deliver a baby and Niall just kinda sat down on the couch not phased by the lady #MYVHottest One Direction 
If wwe need a 3rd member of the wyatts so that sting can join Ambrose and reigns Chris Benoit or hulk Hogan could always join them 
Lil Wayne Gets Intimate With Nicki Minaj’s Lips! Caught Red Handed at the NBA All-Star Game (Exclusive Photos/Video) 
"Kevin and I are selling our Jason Aldean tickets for this Thursday. If you are interested, let us know." 
June 28th was the last time David Price threw less than 100 pitches in a game #Price #BlueJays 
Haven't logged in to Google+ since last Sunday and I'm almost hesitant to do so now... what do you think, is it worth it? ;-) 
Honestly to me this really isnt about Kendrick being King. Of course it wll happen in this lameass 2015 
DJ and live Elvis show Saturday October 13 west Wyoming Eagles Club 8pm until 11pm. This is a free show and open to the public 
@user will do. You should've came down. We are Clemson deep tonight 
"Fantasy-wise, all I need is 4 TD's from Romo and 4 from Holmes tonight" 
"As noted, Brock Lesnar has been announced for the October 3rd WWE live event from Madison Square (cont) 
Look for me with my free Jordan Jefferson sign on college gameday this Saturday. Fuck bama 
"Check out the Senior Bowl’s 1st """"Scouter’s Delight"""": 
@user @user  but yeh we r going to Ramen-San downtown tomorrow (Murray and Chris and I) get my # from that girl @user 
Sky picture of the day! #sky #clouds #nature #outside #sun #day #nofilter #instagood 
I have no idea what I'm going to wear tomorrow lol. I should be like Kim Kardashian and wear like three different outfits lol. 
GOLF VIDEO:Masters Champ & Ryder Cup cheerleader Bubba Watson lands in China for the 1st time & reflects on year 
Monday Final Ratings: 'The Voice' &amp; 'Dancing With the Stars' Adjusted Up; 'The Big Bang Theory' &amp; 'Castle' Adjusted Down ... 
@user yea with the band to march in the st Patrick's day parade but we were on a set schedule so I didn't get to do alot 
From January: Jeb Bush, and Two Myths About Shifting to the Right - 
Samsung to start selling the Galaxy Note 5 on August 15? 
Excessive hit on Eagles after defender falls on Bentley after he hits turf.  15 yd penalty. 1st and 10 on EMU 42. 
@user she said she would but she has to be in miss America pagent in december 
"Game in progress, but Kris Bryant has hit his 15th HR. He has 3-RBIs at the moment." 
@user The subtitled films at MK this week are Inside Out tonight at 7pm, Ant-Man 19:40 Thursday and The Gallows 21:30 Monday" 
"Just walked by magazine stand in store...pic of Jennifer Lawrence said """"I'm having Chris's baby!"""".....indeed you may be." 
@user @user either of you LA guys going to Summerslam on Sunday? 
#QUFH: The horn sounds as the 1st half comes to a close. QU leading Brown 1-0 after the first 35 minutes of play 
Introducing the first five selections to the All-Star game on November 17th at Quicken Loans Arena.  Stay posted... 
"and Then the hilarious Sheamus Cash-In scenario, which must have been a botch on Randy Orton's part... #RAW" 
@user every Saturday night at the Roxy... lol 
@user enhen nau. Next day after Eid they started. I've resumed work since Tuesday 
"Done with exterior xmas lights. Tomorrow we work on the tree. Now however its dinner, shower and time to catch up on the DVR stuff. be safe" 
// Apple follows IBM's marketing  to the letter. Will get business through hardware, software; or a new product  
Shaun the Sheep or Ant-Man tomorrow with the boys? 
Nov  1, Las Vegas Massage Gift Certificates - Las Vegas massage gift certificates for the best massage anywhere in S... 
The Cubs jump out in front to a 2-0 lead off a Kris Bryant 2-run HR in the 1st. #SundayNightBaseball #CHCvsLAD 
dear everyone   it was funny the 1st time you called me Michelle Obama  9179027th time  not so much 
Before you know it..it will be 2020 A.D. And you bustas will still be working on your 2nd album like Frank Ocean 
"Overexposed Tour, Maroon 5 With The Cab: Through The Eyes Of A Drummer - As you may have heard, The Cab just... 
@user wait but E News just said its on Sunday !!! 
If only it was possible to be part of the Blackpool Illuminations concert on Friday! 
@user no I'm in hilton head till the 8th lol go to Jason aldean sept. 19th! Alot of us are going! 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will meet on Thursday with AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka as he explores whether to 
